This review is for their delivery service. In short: top notch. They always deliver on time and will usually get everything right. If they don't, they'll make up for it. The pizza itself is incredible good--very fresh. We order the cheese with extra ranch dipping sauce. (You definitely don't want this if you're trying to eat healthy!)
stopped in for a quick/light bite on a sunday evening, and it was already fairly packed.  not surprising, considering it was a beautiful day outside, and there was a festival in progress along university ave. i ordered the chicken walnut salad ($5.75), which was a good size salad with lots of grilled chicken chunks, candied walnuts, gorgonzola cheese, and mixed greens.  i really like this combo since it has a little bit of everything.  i did feel the candied walnuts were a bit too sweet though. as far as seating, on a crowded evening, be happy if you get a booth!  else, you might have to sit outside in lytton plaza, which isn't bad especially if the weather is nice.  there is definitely heavy foot traffic at this shoppe due to its prime-choice location and cheap, no-frills eats. note, there is a restroom in the hallway that joins pizza my heart with cafe 220.  since it's opened to the public, it can get crowded (and a little messy).
Sorry Pizza My Heart but I only visit you after a night of drinking. Thank you for always helping me pull myself together by loading my stomach with good carbs that are not so good for my thighs. The chicken with mushroom is my favorite.
Had a group drop by here today, and we got the 38th Ave special - it's a vegetarian pizza with artichoke, spinach, sundried tomato, and feta cheese. It certainly wasn't bad pizza, but I wouldn't classify the pizza as anything particularly exciting. It certainly wasn't worth the over $25 price for the large that we got (though it was enough for four people to eat two slices each and be pretty full; you could also easily do one slice for a smaller dinner.) The place inside is fairly large, and there's seating outside in the nearby plaza, but the inside space was particularly noisy when we ate there. It's "fast casual" pizza - you order at the counter and they bring it out to you, where you eat on paper plates, etc. Again, nothing too special here. Overall, then, it's a good place if you're looking for fast, lower quality pizza, but Pizza My Heart certainly isn't anything extraordinary.
Great for a late night slice!
Pizza my heart Is best place to go since Im is us I uesd to live in new York  then I move to California bay area I never saw a saleing single slice pizza At pizza my heart u can order a single slice U want so that u can't wast your extra food I love this place to go get single slice pizza
This is the worst pizza I have ever had. The crust is so thin that the slice has the structural integrity of a thatched hut in a monsoon. The pizzas sit under heat lamps, and are reheated (to a scalding degree) upon ordering. DO NOT COME HERE
I love this place.  I eat here almost everyday! Probably shouldnt, but damn good.
For a late night snack after a night of partying this is the place to be. The pizza is good but not great but definitely hits the spot.
Definitely nothing authentically Italian about this place, and certainly nothing like East Coast / New York thin or Chicago deep dish pizza, but it's sort of generically decent American pizza.  Tastes fairly wholesome and less greasy compared to the big Domino's, Pizza Hut, and Papa John's chains, which can be pretty gross.  Service is nice and friendly.  A favorite among drunk people late at night on University Avenue.
I'm a fan of Chicago deep dish but when I need some thin crust, I come here. Friday night I was meeting friends from work at Rose and Crown, just through the parking lot, and the R and C was in their no full menu space (2-6 pm).  They don't mind if you bring in outside food during the time so I toddled off and decided a few pieces of pizza would lay down a nice base for my Belgian beer drinking night. I got two slices of sausage and pepperoni (spicy, great, AWESOME) And two slices of pepperoni and mushroom (vegetables!) Lots of napkins and I was good to go for another few La fain du Mondes!
Great Pizza!  Best Pizza this side of New York City!  Look no further all you east coasters.   Service was really fast and the staff nice.  Definitely a must visit every time I am in town.
I consider Pizza My Heart an ok pizza joint. Maybe it's just me, but I consider the crust kind of thin considering the pizza type we continue to order. The Santa Cruz which has: -spinach -mushrooms -roma tomatoes tasted ok. Good taste and nothing over the top when it comes to the pizza. Prices vary.
Fast service, big slices, cool beverage dispensing machine. The topping options are pre-set.  I really enjoy the garlic-topped pizzas.  Open till really late (i think until 3 am).
The wheels have fallen off the bus. I do have to mark this pizza moment and say I have just enjoyed the most excellent slice. The crust was amazing combination of crunch, crust, carbon and cream. I did not think it possible.
Pizza My Heart is one of the Bay Area's best pizza spots for your New York-style pizza. I've been to this and several other Pizza My Heart locations, and the experience is pretty similar. When you walk in, you'll notice a pretty simple, laid-back California surfer atmosphere. There are pictures of waves, the beach, and surfboards all about the restaurant. Tables and booths are available to sit and munch on your pizza. You start by ordering at the counter, and I've always found the folks who served me to be very friendly and pleasant to interact with, whether I interacted with them at the counter or over the telephone to place my order. Pizza My Heart certainly has some good people working for them. They sell pizza both by the slice as well as full pies. My sincerest recommendation: order the full pie. I've always been disappointed when I ordered a slice, and I find it to be a bit crunchy. A whole pie has never disappointed me, though, and that's when the flavors come alive in your mouth. Overall, Pizza My Heart is a wonderful Northern California (mostly Bay Area) franchise. It has a wonderful Californian vibe to it, and wonderful flavors to go along with it.
Sooooo, my friend and i just got done watching the Earthquakes vs Galaxy game, went to a bar, had ONE drink and decided to stop by PMH because we were feeling a bit famished. The place was obviously busy because of the game. It was only about 11:30 when we arrived and when it was our turn to order i asked the "server" or "pizza cutter" or whatever you call them,if i could order a beer with my slice.She gave me a dirty look and replied" This is not a bar this is a resturant." oh really? i wasnt aware because i never been to either you silly girl. (i am assuming she thought i was drunk) apperently, they stop serving alcohol after 11:00 which i obviously did not know and is not that big of a deal if i dont get my brewskie with my slice. She was so rude and her response was totally uncalled for. If it was not so busy i would have asked to speak to the blonde bun girl's manager. But decided if i looked like her i would probably be a miserable cow too. On that note, if i decide to go back, and especially if its after 11:00pm and that horrible blonde bun girl is there, i will be asking her for a beer and encourage anyone else to do so as well. So if you work at PMH , and you are that chubby blonde bun girl, you pobably should watch your response when someone ask you for a beer after 11 pm. Silly goose.
I have never actually eaten in the Palo Alto restaurant but i have ordered the pizza a few times for Journal Clubs at Stanford.  Comparing all the pizza I have had at free Journal Club lunches over the past 12 or so years, Pizza My Heart has by far the most inventive menu and also incredibly reliable delivery service. My favorites are the Watsonville Apple pizza,  Figgy Piggy and The Lane.  They have mastered the balance between fruit and savory!  Mavericks should keep even the most bloodthirsty carnivores happy.  I am not quite brave enough to try the Big and Little Sur Pizzas.  40 cloves are a lot of garlic, but if you're warding off vampires, you can't go wrong. Many of the pizzas are named after local spots down in Santa Cruz as a homage to where the local chain started and my undergrad alma mater.  These guys know publicity.  I remember in an El Nino year (1998 I think) their advertising campaign guaranteed delivery anywhere in the Santa Cruz mountains in their brand new hummer.  Oh how times have changed!  Needless to say, they are still reliable at least on Stanford's suburban campus.  These guys are going to get you your pizzas!  My peeve it that they won't deliver in Woodside.  I feel like that goes against their 1998 El Nino ethos.
You know, I didn't think it was bad by any means. But then again, when you're ordering Pepperoni your level to be super picky jumps down the totem pole by 50 points. I thought they had a pretty good slice at a fair price, and a soda machine that damn near ran on OSX (you'll see).
If you like garlic, you will LOVE the Little Sur (40 Cloves of Roasted Garlic, Organic Tomato Pizza Sauce, Roasted Red Peppers, Portobella Mushrooms, Green Onions, Cherry Tomatoes & Herbs). Pizza My Heart's pizzas have great toppings, are flavorful, and great for office events because everyone finds something they love on one of their pizzas. They're not the fanciest, but they are hearty, have a good crust texture (medium thickness. And I actually eat the edge b/c the bread is so soft & good). Plus at 11:40am I was able to order 2 large pizzas online and pick them up 20 minutes later.
Came here with a friend that was really talking it up, but it was so meh/blah. I had a thin crust pizza done in a way that looked and tasted like they were cost cutting. Go to Howies in Town and Country (Palo Alto), or even Costco pizza is better and cheaper.
It's the best pizza I've had so far in California! Granted, I didn't pay for it, which I'm sure made it better.  It was delivered right to me at the place I was volunteering.  But the Virgin Creek, with the basil and the ricotta piled onto it, the fresh tomatoes... The thin, foldable, really-quite-almost New York style crust... The enormous slices!! The only thing that could have made it better was if the ricotta was goat cheese.  But that would chevre-ly be asking a lot.
What happened to this place? This place used to be so cool to go to after bars until the management just got really shitty and not fun at all. They fired all of the coolest people that ever worked there and now they just have these really lame employees and a really weird manager. I only give it two stars because the pizza is exceptional but as for overall I don't think it deserves more than that.
This particular Pizza My Heart is really as good as it gets.  Right along University Ave, it opens into the wee hours of the morning on weekends.  I always come here for munchies after a night of drinking.
This place is amusing, this place gives me joy and happiness, a great place to eat lunch with your amazing friends. I got a slice of Pizza (Super Veggie) and a shirt for 6 dollars, this is a super great deal. The shirt is super cool. +2 stars. Also, the SUPER COOL VENDING MACHINE...with a colored screen and 106 drinks to choose from. They have a bunch of drinks that you most likely can't find anywhere else, like the Peach Sprite, and the raspberry Coke. The pizza was thin crust and had generous amount of ingredients. It was pretty good, but I feel like the highlight for lunch today was still the great deal I got for 6 dollars. A happy place to go to, I loved it.
+1 Thin crust. +1 Grab-n-go slices heated in just a minute or two +1 Huge selection +1 Stanford coupon for a Free Slice +1 Thursday BBQ Chicken slice day :) -1 Occasionally bland-o-rama -1 Garlic accident. Overkill. -1 One of the handful of the orders for the office arrived all scrunched up, as if the delivery guy tipped all the boxes to the side. Too bad the tip was included at the time the order was placed and not upon delivery. Handy-dandy: They now post calorie counts on the menu board in-store for all slices and salads. Order online via http://GetQuik.com - they've delivered a few times, on-time, correct orders. Nothing special but gets the job done and there's something for (most) everyone here.
For a quick lunch just a couple blocks from work, I am definitely a fan of this PMH location. Located fantastically next to an outdoor patio area and fountain, this is a great place to just hang out and eat a salad. The salads are a little bit pricer than I would be stoked on paying ($5.75 for a Chicken/Gogonzola/Walnut salad, $9.75 with a slice of 'za and a Coke), but the convenience definitely makes it worth it. A quick in-and-out, friendly kids behind the counter, and a pretty awesome soda dispenser (very Jetsons), this place is both family-friendly, a teenage hangout, and a great place for all the suits to grab their grub. I'll be back.
Their pizza was very good, not the best, but VERY close They have a VERY fancy vending machine...its touchscreen and has a wide array of soda to choose from. This is where I spent most of my time. Their prices can be pricy, but their pizza slices are fairly medium-sized and DELICIIIOOOUUUSSSSS. I would reccomend this for a light lunch.
I've been here on several occasions with my girlfriends due to a good case of the munchies. Love that you can come here after hours and get a late night pizza! Delicious, savory, finger-lickin' good. A great place to be loud and laugh about whatever occurred that night haha.
Decent place to grab a quick piece of pizza. Place is usually always clean, serves up a decent slice, plenty of seating around, and is good for kids.
This is strictly for the new soda machine they have. I was informed by Vicky L. about this and had to try it since we were in downtown PA last night. There's 106 soda flavors in this slick silver machine and I felt like a kid in a candy store that 1/2 hour I was there. I'm not good with variety and tend to mix everything I like into one drink (which actually turns out to be pretty nasty). But there were pretty cool flavors I've never seen at stores before, so it was nice to try it out and dump it if I wasn't a fan. Oh, the pizzas are not bad too... I've been to Pizza My Heart a handful of times at different occasions when hunger calls.
For a chain pizza place, this place is alright. Not a true New York Style Slice, but done pretty well for a Cali place. I would definitely eat here over the regular chains like Dominos or Round Table, which are awful. I can't believe people eat that thinking its real pizza. I would rather not eat anything if give a choice between those other chain places. But anyway, I get all heated when I talk about those inferior pizzas. Let me get back on track. Pizza My Heat has good slices, but since this location is in downtown Palo Alto, the parking is annoying at times. They do have a wicked cool soda dispenser that dispenses a huge selection of sweet beverages. It really fun to just try out different combinations of soda pop. This place is family owned (no franchise) which scores high marks in my book because they will take the time to make sure things are done right. This is a California original establishment and they have my stamp of approval. They make the dough properly, have a nice sauce recipe and some original topping combinations. A very California style spin on pizza and not in a bad way, haha. Come here for a slice or a whole pizza. It delicious, trust me. Salud!
Decent pizza nothing special.  4 dollars a slice.  My go to place for late night snacks in PA cause they open late.  Lots of indoor seating from the cold or rain!  Or courtyard outside for some sun!
Pizza My Heart is my all time favorite Pizza shop. While the Pizza isn't cheap, the quality is amazing. Whenever I come back to the Bay, I have to visit Pizza My Heart at least once. The slices of pizza are around $3.25 but well worth it. With 2 slices, I get extremely full. They also have a crazy soda dispenser there. It's a touchscreen machine that allows you to choose the flavor of the beverage you choose. For example, if you select Coke, it will give you the option to switch to orange coke, lime coke, cherry coke, and even vanilla coke. If you are in the area, I would definitely recommend this place.
Pizza didn't taste as fresh as some other locations I've been to. Choices were pretty limited too. Awesome futuristic soda machine with a multitude of flavor choices of Coke and 7-up I've never heard of. However, some sound better than they taste. I could stand there and play with it forever, but there is only ONE machine so my time was limited *sob*
The first few times I came here, I really thought their slices were a ripoff, because they range from $3-$4, but then I discovered that you can get a combo -any slice of your choice, salad, and soda for $7 bucks.  What a deal!  Why didn't I pay attention to the menu before?!  Their pizza is good and their salads are fresh.  I usually look at the veges inside the box before I pick one I want and they all looked fresh.  I was very pleased. I also tried the new soda machine today.  The idea is cool since there are over 100 flavors to choose from, but it takes too long just to get to the soda you want.  You have to tap on all these buttons and they may run out of the soda that you want.  I wanted an orange Fanta, but they were out.  I also saw an elderly lady struggling with the machine and the customer behind her in line getting inpatient.  There is only one machine. The love their pizza because I love the fact that it's thin crust.  I like this location better than I like the Redwood City location.  Love their outdoor seating too.
Pizza My Heart is a nice place for a late night snack or dinner. What I love about this location is that I have always had a nice time talking to the staff no matter what time it is. They are always friendly. I also appreciate that the location is very clean. The pizzas are decent but not amazing. I think they are good but a bit over priced. For instance, I usually get a small (12 inch) pizza with four veggie toppings and it will cost me about $17.50. I've paid that much for pizza before but for some reason... I'm not a big fan of this pizza. Not sure why. Still, I gotta love any restaurant that is open till 12 a.m. from Monday- Thursday and Sunday and open till 2 a.m. on Friday and Saturday.
Doesn't disappoint, ever. Has great out of the box toppings & your traditional fare (pepperoni, cheese, yadadadada). My favorite slice is the Manresa - used to be the Wednesday slice of the day, but they moved it to Sunday. I was considering deducting one star from my review for this switch around, but the Wednesday pizza is just as bomb, so meh. If I drank soda, I'd be more enamored with the soda machine from the Jetsons. When they input a machine that allows you to choose from cucumber water, lemon water, or plain water, this spot'll rocket through the roof. Oh and..extra props for selling food & clothing. Slice & a shirt for 5 bucks, woo hoo!
This spot is hecka nice and clean!  At 2 in the morning all tables were taken and the line was going down the walkway.  I waited in line for 20 minutes to get all the drunkies some munchies and it was kinda worth it.  The wait was just too long but people kept getting in line so I figured it must've been worth it. I wanted to get the biggest pepperoni pie they make so we could take a whole pizza home with us.  My order was denied because they stop selling whole pies after a certain time, what it is I'm not sure.  The pizza was good and really not as greasy as some of the other locations, can that be?  Thin crust all the way :)  And staff was cool with all the customers and the non-stop orders. And the soda machine, it is cool but not too yummy.  I got a cup for water and a soda with the pizza.  The machine, as many Yelpers have already reviewed is a single spout soda dispenser.  The idea is cool but my water tasted like Fanta as many soda/water dispensers do but the COKE tasted all nasty and flavored.  Yes you can make all these combination flavored drinks but it takes away everything original about the Coke.  In my opinion it was worse than Diet Coke.  It was like vanilla, orange, DC.  Still cool, I'm gonna wanna play with it again and mix a drink on purpose to not be so disappointed.
I think it's what you'd expect. A chain like yet local pizzeria. Pizza leans more for the thin and natural taste, and everything seems fresh. Price may be a little on the high side. However, this normally 3 star review gets an extra star for the awesome Coke machine! Yes, the over 80 flavor machine can finally be found here!! Now I can finally get a true suicide drink =D
I don't understand the mediocre ratings here, because I can never get enough of their D'Lex Chicken and Bacon pizza: Chicken, Bacon, Mushrooms, Garlic, Green Onions in a White Sauce. Maybe the other pizza flavors aren't as amazing, but this one is pretty fantastic. Plus, they have a cool soda machine now that spews out many MANY different kinds of sodas. Maybe it's not totally necessary, and sure, the technology is not complicated, but it was one of those moments where I thought "holy shit this is the future." It's cool.
I have never been disappointed with a pizza from here. They have efficient service and all types of pizza's to offer. I like the location and the atmosphere is fun!
My heart was set on pizza but can this pizzeria steal my heart? I was starving all morning and had to make a quick stop for lunch before going back to work. This local pizzeria had a posh exterior to add to a clean vertical layout with large see through windows to the right and ages of photos and memorabilia from surfing events on the opposing wall to give reminder of their flagship restaurant on Capitola Beach. The place was bustling with a perpetual line and the vibe was unpretentious and down to earth. Their pizza by the slice were pre-made and reheated by the order and my lunch included a slice of Big Sur ($4) and Vegetarian Pesto ($3.75). The Big Sur consisted of pepperoni, sausage, cloves of toasted garlic, portebello mushrooms, green onions, cheese, and tomato sauce. Toppings were generous and the combination was delicious as I particularly enjoyed the portebello mushroom and cloves of garlic.  The pepperoni and sausage were not the best quality but still gave my palate a decent ride. My pesto pizza came with palatable pesto and basil, garlic, grounded walnuts, and parmesan. I liked the concept but had the blot the excess grease off the top and thought the crust was less ideal and unexpectedly thinner, dry and crunchy when compared to the Big Sur. Service was quick and they were very nice help me switch order midway through the line. Along with the inconsistencies noted, the price was a bit high per slice but it did met my expectations in the forms of convenience and excitable mix of toppings. 3 stars for the overall experience.
During a Yelp Elite Event at B412, I saw a bunch of ants swarm to the sugar. And by ants and sugar, I mean Yelpers and free appetizers. I never had any food at the event, so later in the evening, in between karaoke performances I came here with La Novia for a cheap late night meal. We shared a couple slices of pizza and a salad. The pizza was pretty awesome. It really hit the spot. It featured a crispy crust, fresh mushrooms and lots of melted cheese. If you throw on some some crushed red peppers and parmesan cheese, you have a slice of pie any cast member, and self-proclaimed guido/guidette on the "Jersey Shore" would be proud of. Unfortunately, the salad we shared was terrible. We both usually love the chicken walnut salad. But I think they set the fridge on "Antarctica." The greens in the salad were so cold, it hurt to bite them. And the salad dressing was frozen. I had to scoop it out of the container in order to put it on the salad. It was gross. It looked like some hair gel Pauly D of "Jersey Shore" would use on his infamous "blowout" to make his hair windproof, waterproof, soccer-proof, motorcycle-proof, and possibly bulletproof. Overall, the service was solid, the pizza was stellar, but the salad was sucky.
I'd like to take the time to thank Pizza My Heart... For all the drunken nights i have spent, while eating one of your delicious sausage and mushroom pizzas... For all the numbers I got while standing in line.. For being there where everything else is closed For putting up with my scandalous girlfriends... For all the hotties that have harassed me.... You are a true friend...my pizza...my heart =)
A three star place for late night eats, but if there was a substitute go there instead. And, doubt I'd return unless with a group, and if they wanted to go. The doughy semi-thin crust pizzas ( http://www.yelp.com/biz_... ) that are pretty good when you're hungry, buzzed, and wanted to sober up a bit ( http://www.yelp.com/biz_... ). The place did look like it used to be a diner, converted to a pizza parlor. Specials are unique ( http://www.yelp.com/biz_... ). Even the salads specials ( http://www.yelp.com/biz_... ).
Palo Alto Pub Crawl stop #6. After downing many beers at the Rose and Crown, it was time fortify ourselves (and soak up the alcohol) with some pizza. It was obvious we were not alone in our quest at around midnight on Friday, as the place was filled with inebriated and high patrons.  We each ordered pizza by the slice.  Mine was with tomatoes and olives...I forget the name. I like a good slice of pizza, especially when I'm hungry and lit.  So this should have been total ambrosia to me. But I remember it kinda sucked. Though my slice had been thrown in the oven, it still was not warm enough, and some of the cheese around the edges was coagulated.  Texture and flavor seemed lackluster. I still ate the entire slice (I was hungry) but I wouldn't go back here if given the choice. I've experienced better.
Going to Pizza My Heart is great for my ego: for some strange reason, I always get hit on by girls when I'm there... go figure! One time, one of the girls working there told me I look like the singer of Maroon 5 (I hope it was a compliment... I'm not too sure what he looks like actually). Some other time, the place was completely empty, and these two girls pop out of nowhere and decide to sit in my booth at my table right in front of me and to strike a conversation... craziness! As far as the pizza goes, it's really not that bad. I'd even go as far as saying it's pretty good. I especially like their crust, which is pretty crunchy (I hate soggy pizza). It's also reasonably priced, and the place stays open late.
Bathroom was a little iffy They forgot our ranch sauce They messed up our bread stick order BUT they are open late our staff/ student mentors were desperate in a quick fix will do... not my favorite PMH location
Let's be honest. This place is a whopping 5 stars when you're extremely intoxicated and need a grease bomb to take into the cab with you at 2am. I've made it a routine to leave the bars before they turn the lights on so I can avoid standing in line here and they still have a choice of toppings to pick from. During the daytime, however, the pink glasses disappear. Someone needs to wipe the tables down a little more frequently. Restocking the napkins and refilling the pepper/parmesan dispensers wouldn't hurt either. I love you for this: Your hot sauce is called shark repellant and it made my boyfriend shut up for 20 minutes while having teary eyes and pounding his beer. I hate you for this: The $5 t-shirt I bought one night (yes, I was drunk, otherwise I wouldn't pay to advertise your chain) totally shrunk in the COLD wash... how does someone manage to make fabric that shrinks in cold water?! Imagine I would've gone running in the shirt (my intention before it came out baby sized) and the sweat would have made the shirt grip onto my body in a suffocating manner? Hmmm... imagination running amok here I guess, but I'm still mad. It's just a love-hate relationship. The alcoholic in me worships you. The sober athlete in me despises you.
Today I went on a quest. A quest to answer one question: Where can you get WiFi + savory food in Palo Alto (Stanford doesn't count)? o Culture, the new (and not great) froyo place on Cal Ave? o The Counter, where I was hoping for some sweet potato fries served with a side of fake SoCal sunniess? o Cafe Brioche, the brunch spot I didn't realize was open other than on Sat + Sunday mornings? o Peet's in Town & Country, probably the only damn Peet's in the country that plays *classical* music for its upscale residents? o Jamba Juice, which doesn't have any chairs or tables? o Hobee's, a good source for blueberry coffeecake but not for WiFi? o The Creamery, the birthplace of delicious $6 milkshakes and the only "diner" in PA? If you answered "Hell No!" to all of the above, you would be right. I'm typing this from Pizza My Heart, one of the few emblems of middle America in Palo Alto, with its plum-colored booth seats, 80s lighting, and cheesy music. At least they have free effing WiFi. And a decent slice of mushroom pizza.
Solid. You have a craving for cheese, meat, tomato, crust...done. You want to be healthy and grab a salad...done. Friendly joint that is good to us pork haters... Happy Eating.
Still okay pizza, I wouldn't go out of my way to grab a slice here but if you're inebriated from the surrounding bars or B412, perfect place to get a bite after. Dough is soft and chewy and the toppings could be better but does the trick, if you're not looking for much. Could pass for any college pizzeria to be honest but it's a chain. The somewhat new thing about this location compared to a few years ago is the redone plaza/open area next to it, allowing for lots of people to hangout instead of packing into the store.
Pizza my heart is overrated. I never fully understood the "YAY HAPPY" factor or excitement in... Read more 
Earlier I had a choice of 2 pizza parlors and the first lunch pizzeria was Spot A Pizza Place and now its Pizza My Heart's turn. Just think of Pizza My Heart as, "Greasy Without the Guilt!" Why? Because for $8.75 you can get a Mandarin Chicken Salad, Slice of any topping pizza, and a fountain drink.  I used to get the Seasonal salad special for $6.75, but for 2 bucks more the chicken salad is tastier in my opinion. The salad has chunks of chicken, fried wonton strips, peanuts, mandarin orange slices, lettuce, and a cup of tangy vinaigrette dressing. My pizza slice choices range from Combo, Maui Wowie, or Mushroom Pepperoni. When you get your slice, if its reheated in the oven to make it hot and crispier, oodles of oil oozes from the pizza onto the translucent paper and creates a puddle sticking to their upside down frisbees. Therefore, once you eat your sinfully greasy pizza slice, you become redeemed with your healthy salad, and then wash it down with a nice refreshing soda or water. How does that sound?
I called over there for delivery to the Winter Lodge for a Sunday evening skating get together. They told me it would be about 45 minutes but ended up being more like an 1-1/2 hours+. When I called after 1 hour to find out the status, they told me they were very busy.  If they were extra busy, they would have done better in my book if they were up front about it. It finally arrived and they threw in some croudete as an apology. I didn't realize until it was too late, but I would have been better off if they left me napkins and/or paper plates instead. (Aren't napkins standard in delivery?) I realized the need for napkins when I tried to eat a slice and had oil dripping down to my elbow. During clean up, I chatted with a staff member at Winter Lodge who seemed to know the low down on all the pizza delivery options in the area. Unsolicited, he said he likes their pizza but finds very oily. NAILED IT!
Solid choice for weekly delivery to my son's school class. Dependable, reliable and conscientious... Read more 
Huge wait after the clubs at around 1:45am. Took about 10-15 minutes to get my food. Once I got the pizza (combo), it was soggy, greasy, and partly cold. Exactly what a pizza shouldn't be. Ugh, at least I know now just to drive back to San Jose to get food after the club. Ranch was freakin watery. Some of my friend's couldn't get combo because they ran out. Place was a filth, you can't really help it because there's such a huge rush, but they should be prepared because it's always busy on Fridays + Saturdays. Oh yeah and there's hella cops waiting outside and around the blocks...lurking around and waiting for you to fuck up. I hate pigs. *OINK OINK* I smell bacon.
This is one of those awful restaurants I catch myself at every now and then and I hate myself for it, because I know better. The food is bland, the service is bad, the prices aren't great for the crap they're feeding you and it's terrible for your ass... but the convenience factor can be persuasive late night after a few beers at the Rose & Crown - what can I say? ;)
Huge slices, slightly oily, thin crust, always delicious toppings. Basically everything I look for in a great pizza can be found at Pizza My Heart. It's definitely the best pizza chain on the West Coast and isn't shabby in the price/slice ratio. It's right across from the Marguerite stop, making it a pretty ideal place to get a late night snack to go as you wait for the next shuttle. The only thing I can't figure out is why there are always the same two guitarists and drummers outside.
Decent za in the P to the A. The pesto pizza was pretty tasty. Not the best NY slice ever but a solid bet. They don't have many slice choices so stick to the basics.
Ok their pizza isnt really fancy like most would prefer but if you just want to buy a slice or 2, this is it. Thin crust only so far. Ive never heard of anyone eating healthy pizza since they're all unhealthy. Service is bland? They sell pizza by the slice what do you expect? Candlelight and flowers at every table? These are just high school kids trying to make a living. Give them a break.
Oh, Pizza My Heart, how I've missed thee.  I remember those days in where I'd collect your "Free Slice No Purchase Necessary" coupons in the Stanford Directory.  After I finished, I'd almost always end up purchasing a soda and another slice.  It's a beautiful thing. Today's trip to PMH was notable for two reasons:  1) It's been a while, and 2) I was sober.  My friend gave me her extra free slice coupon and I was good to go... Recommendations:  If you enjoy garlic, grab the Big Sur.  It's got plenty of cloves + pepperoni + sausage + portebello.  Otherwise, my other go-to specialties are the Pesto and the Prima.
Pizza = pretty good Attitude = not so great Went there with my friend who was in town from Asia.  Wanted him to get some good pizza while possible.  I ordered a slice of the combination - it was ready right away. He ordered a veggie slice - they said "ready in 1 minute".  5 minutes later, nothing, so I go to the counter to ask the people what was up. Me:  "how much longer for the veggie pizza?" them:  "it is NOT ready yet" Me:  "ummm, OK, let me go hide at my table" 10+ minutes AFTER that, they call my name, and my buddy gets his slice. Bad time estimates:  worst way to upset a customer - setting the wrong expectations leads to grumpy diners Nasty counter person:  not a great way to endear people to coming back. Will I be back?  Probably.  Darn it.
Basic pizza - nothing fancy. Reasonably priced pizza by the slice served piping hot from the oven, served on paper plates. Good variety of pizza slices - cheese, pepperoni, olive, pesto and combination. Good place to start and get something in your tummy before you hit the bars or afterwards if you have the munchies.
I'm sorry, I have to 5-star this now. Reasoning? I'm not sure which chain decided to listened to me, or by sure happenstance, they came up with it. They came up with the perfect pizza. Their Big Sur - alone, is probably the most brilliant pizza ever made. If I were to make a gourmet pizza, I would have exactly these ingredients: Sausage, mushrooms, pepperoni, green onions, garlic. The big sur has all of these. But the added bonus, is that the garlic is caramelized and soft, and the mushrooms are upgraded to portabella. It was awesome. The pizza was not oversauced, all the toppings stayed on perfectly, the crust was nice and crispy and thin. Coupled with Coke Zero! I was extremely happy. Ignore their service, ignore their confused high school staff, ignore the greasiness. Thank you Pizza my Heart for possibly listening to my review, adding a sausage pizza to the menu on one of your chains. I will definitely be back just for this pizza. Too bad it all came up in an unfortunate birthday sake bombing incident. But hey, there's always next time. 5 stars - My perfect pizza now. Time to check if the Saratoga chain has the same pizza.
I gave this exact place one more try and still the same, low quality, bland, only place open after 2am in downtown palo alto boring slices of pizza. Bleeehhhhhhhhhhhhh!
The combo slices look very enticing. When I bit into it I was extremely dissapointed. It was fuckin... Read more 
I've eaten here in a few occasions. I stopped in this past Sunday during the Art Fair. The line was short and my slice came out fast. My slice of mushroom & pepperoni was kinda greasy and the crust was very thin. I don't get what's so great about this place. I guess if your a student $3 for a slice is good on a tight budget. Other than that, pizza parlor's in the bay area are lacking and Pizza My Heart is a good example of that.
Staff is always friendly, slices are warm or warmed up fairly quickly and the lines moves quick. Sometimes the trash can is blocked and can be confusing / awkward, though.
I know! Going to  Pizza my Heart again! Haha....it wasn't my choice....friends were heading to this location for some grub after some drinking in Palo Alto. TIP: Grab a beer with your pizza or just continue your drinking!  Yup, let me say it again! They serve beer here!
You know, for all the Pizza My Heart hype and hate, I think it is, in short, a tasty bite of pizza. Best I've ever had? No, but tasty and does the trick? Certainly. Yum. Plus, that soda machine is freakin awesome. Like 150 possible flavors! Oooooooo, technology!
I believe I indeed left a "Pizza My Heart" in this neighborhood pizza parlor in Palo Alto. The Meal Combo is such a delight for as low as $7 one can get a huge slice of yummylicious and huge pizza, a seasonal salad with oh-so-good dressing and a soda of your choice. Where else can you get a great deal right? Since it's situated in a university town, I guess the price is totally reasonable for academic people. It was a great experience and the young staff are so sweet and friendly not to mention fast with what they do. I highly recommend this pizza parlor...
The fact that this isn't the best pizza in the world has already been beaten into the ground, so I'm going to focus on something else: Nevermind their proliferous coupons, their frequent buyer card is one of the best I've ever seen:  For the first three slices you get a free soda, the second three net you a free salad, and the third three a free slice.  You might have a point in arguing that anyplace that needs that many incentives to keep you coming back is a little suspect, but they're fast and they're cheap and convenient for a quick slice, and their salads actually aren't that bad. One little tip about the card:  if you redeem your free slice while ordering two slices, their register gives you the *cheaper* one free.  Either get two same-price slices, or save up a complete card for a free slice-salad-soda trifecta.
What's up with all the tweakers that hang out here? Do crackheads just gravitate towards the giant egg, or is it the fact that policemen hate pizza? I called in an order to pick-up: "Medium pesto, no cheese, pepperoni, sausage please." It lasts me 4 meals. Love it when it's cold. The girl on the phone thought I had asked for delivery. Then had to start over. Can I have your phone number? Name? Ok, what do you want? "Medium pesto pizza. No cheese. Can I have pepperoni and sausage on that?" "No cheese with pepperoni and sausage?" She repeats back to me. "And pesto," I add. 20 minutes later, I arrive to Pizza My Heart. There's a guy trying to crush another guy in a fold-out couch, while 4 other stoners watch. I am approached by a guy who knows me from school... not really, he's on acid. I walk inside, wait around for about 10 minutes, then a guy asks me if I am here for a pick up. Yes, for Allison. He pulls my pizza out of a delivery bag and hands it to me while repeating my order: "No cheese, pesto and sausage." "I ordered pepperoni on that also." He laughs. ... ... ... ... "Well, I guess I don't care." "Haha, you don't care." ... ... "Ok, thank you. Bye" AWKWAAARD!! For those of you who think PMH is greasy, try a pizza sans cheese. The cheese is the source of all grease.
NOM NOM NOM. Pepperoni and Mushroom. Delish. My apologies to the bearded man working last night, my date kinda yelled at you on accident.
Four stars just for their pizza with pesto sauce pine nuts and cheese! The girls I work with always order from this place.  I haven't tried anything else and I've never sat down inside it.  They're delivery guys takes about 40 minutes tops.  Cash only for delivery.
By sheer luck on a Friday night I found parking on University right in front of Pizza My Heart. I think it was fate telling me I must try this place. As I was getting out of my car and caught a whiff of the smell, I remember saying to myself I HAVE TO TRY THIS PLACE. A couple of hours later after roaming around downtown PA I got my wish.  Since my car was so conveniently parked in front, it wasn't hard to convince the gang to eat before heading out.  As we stumbled in there, my mouth started watering as soon as I saw all the different kinds of pizzas. After debating with myself what to get I settled on one pepperoni slice and one chicken slice. As I took a bite of the crispy thin crust with the oil oozing down on my paper plate, I couldn't help thinking this is the perfect way to end the night. Drunk and eating great pizza. Pizza My Heart - I heart you!
SUPER crowded. But then again so is everywhere else in downtown during lunchtime which is why I take mine at 2-3 when the majority have gone back to their cubicles and desks. But I would have to say $8 (give or take) is a pretty good deal for their lunch special which includes a slice of pizza, a salad and a soda compared to all the other overpriced restaurants here in downtown. Pizza? eh.. I've had better but it's edible.
Convenient, fast, cheap, and walkable from anywhere in downtown PA. This place is very much like all the other Pizza My Heart's. I usually get a slice of Big Sur, love the garlic!!!!
After a night of drinking at Nola's, this is my place of choice to come for some cheap fast, not the best, pizza. Enjoy it for what it is; you are drunk and hungry. Pan the teenage crowd for an empty table and enjoy your warm slice of 'zza with extra cheese and peppers. I will have to check out this pizza card thing.
Best item at Pizza My Heart? By far the breadsticks.  HUGE, thick, soft, flavorful -- and only $4.75. Is it just my eyes or do they not list these on their menu? I only found out about them after looking at a takeaway menu. The pizza is large, flat and greasy. Great for a late night snack (fold pizza to fit it in your mouth!) but probably not my go-to pizza place during normal people hours.
They have a few already-made pizzas in a counter out front for pizza by the slice customers, or they'll make you a whole pizza if you ask for it.  The pizza by the slice is rarely fresh, but it's served warm regardless.  There are parmesan and pepper shakers on each table and booth so you can drown your mediocre pizza slice in distinct flavors. They're open late and they serve beer.  They have really big but really thin pizza slices.  A pizza slice is about 3.50 and soda is about a dollar. There's a mix of bums and high school kids smoking out front.
I had the veggie slice and it was yummy! The crust it not too thin and has a nice golden crisp edge. Its hard to find a pizza place with a decent size slice and not greasy.... Too bad they don't have any locations in Fremont. Oh, and the prices here aren't steep. :)
Wow, this place has gone downhill. We went last night, after some drinks at the Crown. The whole restaurant was TRASHED. Tables hadn't been bussed in hours. There were napkins on the tables, but they were in the paper packaging, not in the dispenser. Someone had just opened up the bulk napkins and thrown a bunch on each table. There was no parmesan cheese or red pepper flakes to be found in the entire restaurant. WTF. This place was disgusting and the pizza made me feel really sick later.
I love this place! The pizza is thin-crust, which I think explains why it doesn't get the highest reviews, but I personally think it's delicious. The pesto pizza is amazing, and on a whim I once ordered the mushroom pizza and it was absolutely covered with mushrooms! They definitely don't skimp. Atmosphere is very casual, the kind of place where you order and sit down, and they leave you alone. Stay as long as you like, and cheap beer by the pitcher! Great place to hang out and unwind.
Fresh pizza with generous toppings.   The best thing, however, is their drink dispenser.  Pizza My Heart, making the walk over for water a anticipated journey.
First things first: I lived in Upstate New York for 5 years before I moved to the Bay Area. That said, despite the fact that it wasn't NYC, the pizza there still spanks anything I've found here by a long shot, in both price, and taste. In college, we could get a whole pie for $4. Was it crappy pizza? Yes. But it was $4. That's not much more than a slice of cheese at most of the pizzerias around here. As far as good pizza goes? In upstate NY, I Love NY was where it was at. $2.50 would get you a slice of many variety of pizza: buffalo chicken (the cadillac of pizza), pepperoni, chicken marsala (I'm not kidding), supreme, bbq chicken, Hawaiian, meat lovers...you name it, $2.50 bought it. And it was good. How does this relate to pizza my heart? Well, they do have west coast prices. However, so far, this is the closest to good, thin crust NY pizza I've found out here. Their regular cheese slice is delicious, and they have a half decent assortment of topped pizzas for not too much more. Where they really shine is their assortment of toppings - far beyond the standard Parmesan  and crushed red pepper, they have habenero  sauce (both green and red), tamer, but still tasty hot sauces, garlic powder, and a lot of other random spices. I've been to the Pizza My Heart in San Mateo, Santa Cruz, and Palo Alto. I'd say the quality is pretty consistent, and some of the best pizza west of Buffalo. Word to the wise though, if you like meat, I recommend  dabbing the hell out of any meat topped pizza - it gets pretty greasy. And whatever you do, don't order from Round Top. I'd take a piece of wonder bread topped with ketchup and a slice of american in a toaster oven before paying $18.95 for a pie of their sorry excuse for pizza.
For some odd reason the pizza by the slice tastes better than a whole pizza here.  Oh wait, maybe it's because when ordering it by the slice it's generally after having a few beers somewhere around town when there is no place open to get decent food.  At which point, that slice is a fricken culinary masterpiece. They do have a good variety: Greek, mushroom, pesto, and of course the usual meat-covered suspects.  The slices are large, filling and tasty. However, I ordered a pizza to go once.  Not nearly good enough to be charging Amici's prices.  When looking to order a whole NY style pizza, Amicis is the only place to go. Three stars for the best food available late night in PA.  As far as take home pizza goes...I eagerly anticipate the opening of Amicis in Menlo Park so I don't have to hike to San Mateo or Mountain View.
I am not a starving student or a 20-something who goes clubbing in downtown PA, but I heart Pizza My Heart. It's cheap, it's quick, and it's what I crave after a few drinks. Saying "I want Pizza My Heart!!" with a slurred voice is a running joke with me and DH. The freshly reheated crispy crust never disappoints. I pretty much always get the Super Veggie, or if I'm having more than one slice (rarely) I might also a slice of  Mushroom. The salads are decent if you're trying to be good and eating more veggies. +1 star for serving beer on tap, but -1 star for not serving it later at night. We've had it delivered once and it was still pretty good, but there's something special about getting a hot slice right there. On a side note - didn't this space used to be a Burger King?
After Mardi Gras at The Old Pro, we stumbled over to Pizza My Heart to get some food and sober up. I've never been a fan, whether it was the downtown San Jose location or their Valley Fair store. I grew up on Round Table and Pizz'a Chicago, and the quality of PMH was never there for me. Well, that was until I went there drunk for the first time. If you've been drinking, if your taste buds are raw and your alcohol filled stomach is rumbling, then cheap, hot pizza is definitely what the doctor ordered. As lover of food I can no more appreciate their minimalist, low quality approach to pizza than a lover of dance can appreciate the drunken hip-hop gyrations of the youth today. But each has a time and place, and niche of PMH is the drunk midnight - 2:00 am crowd. Regarding the other reviews, I had the cheese pizza and did not have any issues with grease. My only complaint is that the slice was too big for the plate and kept touching whichever surface it was placed upon. The crowd was rowdy, and I felt sorry for the employees who had to put up with them, but they did it by pretty much ignoring all customers. It's not great food or service, but at least it's open and cooking up fresh pizza late into the night.
After being to both the San Mateo and Palo Alto branches, I have to give Palo Alto the edge here. Both branches are located in their respective downtowns, but Palo Alto actually has outdoor seating...a big plus if it's a nice day out. I'm not a snob when it comes to pizza...I'll eat pizza from anywhere. Pizza My Heart was something I saw every now and then in passing, but when I decided to go in to eat, I didn't regret it at all. They take something average like pepperoni pizza and turn it into something spectacular. I regret not playing around with the soda machine more, could have concocted something new rather than just throwing Mr. Pibb and Coke together like I usually do. Definitely coming back. Know why? Not only is it affordable, but you get free stuff if you purchase enough slices. I'm sitting on four free slices now, just not sure when to use them.
I come here sometimes for pizza late night (after a few drinks) because it is the only place open.  Otherwise, it is a place to avoid. I used to really enjoy the Pizaa My Heart in Capitola when I was a kid.....I don't know if it was the original or not, but it tasted much better than this place.  Maybe it was because I was a kid and vacationing at the beach?  Probably.
YUUMMMMYYY I went to Pizza My Heart in Santa Cruz once compplleettelly inebriated.  I got my slice, went to the sauce bar and poured a bunch of hot sauce onto my slice (don't really remember how much). My friend and I started nibbling on my pizza, and the most overwhelming burning sensation overtook my whole mouth.  I am an avid spicy food eater, but I had never tasted something so spicy.  ANNNDD  I was drunk so technically, my taste buds should have been somewhat stunted. The next day, my friend told me that the opening of the bottle didn't work and I had a huge puddle of hot sauce on my pizza. Anyways, I later went to the PA Pizza My Heart and tried the same hot sauce.  Just a few sprinkles made my eyes tear up and have flashbacks of the hell-in-my-mouth sensation from the night in Santa Cruz. Moral of the story:  Pizza my Heart not only has good pizza, but some SPICY ASS HOT SAUCE.  (not the tapatio, it's called habanero something or another--the red kind.
Honestly, I've never tried anything from Pizza My Heart until recently. What gives, right? WIth everyone wearing those darned t-shirts around, shamelessly advertising for the chain. I realized why upon my first visit. $1 FOR A SHIRT? Sweet. With my pizza, too. I am now one of the herd D: !! I ordered a slice of the bacon and chicken pizza. It was pure awesomeness. I could not have asked for anything better, and that's saying a lot, because I stopped by four other restaurants to try food while I was in Downtown Palo Alto :D The crust was thin, the toppings were plenty, and they surely did not skimp out on the bacon bits. REAL bacon bits. [insert massive droolage here]. All very reasonably priced, too. I was happy :]] annnd lots of sauces on the side for spiciness! :D An average of three stars for this location because there was nothing too special about the store. It was nice, though it lacked the charm for spectacular. I like how there's the benches and chairs in the area outside, along with a water fountain thing? Customer service wasn't bad. It's pleasant for a casual pizza outing. Yum. Can I just have a slice of pizza with JUST bacon on it, pretty please? :]]
I swear, I really do hate starting every review about pizza or bagels by saying that I'm from NY, but I have to.. I'm sorry.. it's just something that is done better on the east coast. (PLEASE do not despair left-coasters, you guys have plenty of better stuff than the east coast -- like "In-N-Out" and "smooth roads" -- pizza and bagels just aren't some of them) Okay, enough coastal warring -- the pizza here, just isn't amazing. And boy! It is expensive.. make sure your you go on a pay day, otherwise you may be taking out a loan to pay the hefty price of just one slice. I say skip this joint if you can... It earns its 3rd star for its late-night hours.
This rating is for delivery orders only. If I was judging solely on their walnut chicken salad, I'd give Pizza My Heart a 4. The pizza is so-so. Not worth the $20 for a soggy crust and less-than average toppings. It helps that there are coupons in the Stanford Directory for Free T-Shirts, Slices, Buffalo Wings and Salad -- but the awards this place boasts about sure set the bar high for what I'm expecting. And I hate to get let down. I usually like to order a small 12'' pizza and get the salad for free because the delivery is fast to Stanford's campus (30-45 minutes) compared to other places. For about $23 including tip and tax you get the whole meal and there's plenty for two. Plus, they bring it right to your dorm room door. Recently, I tried the Big Sur and a couple of other pizzas in the past which weren't memorable. Overall, good fix it for when you're stuck on campus and hungry. Price is a little high, food is okay, but order the walnut chicken salad and you might be a little happier.
Short version: Bad lighting and tasteless decor: -1 star Long wait: -1 star Screwed up order: - 2 stars Good tasting pizza: +1 star Long version: Pizza has to taste good at $20, thats a given. It wasnt great but it sure was greasy. Walking in there you may be struck by the hurtful fluorescent lighting like I was, but or bellies were more determined than our eyes, as this was not intended to be a feast for the eyes. We ordered a whole pizza, one my style the other with my friends pickings. We were told max 15 minutes wait. 30 minutes later it comes out with my toppings only. We ate it any way but felt cheated.
Why is this place so popular? Is it the name? The shirts? The oversized sign beckoning to starving students strolling down University Avenue? Well bravo for branding, but the pizza here is subpar, unimaginative, and overpriced (though probably still the cheapest meal you can get on this street). Harsh fluorescent lighting and uncomfortable tables even disqualify it from being that awful-but-fond hangout spot from your college years.
Pizza My Heart, a favorite Peninsula and South Bay pizza joint, has the vibe of a New York pizzeria set in sunny California. With a decent selection of pizza, that can be bought by the slice or as a pie, it is a great place to eat if you are looking for a cheap and satisfying meal. The pizza is not stellar, but is good and I have eaten here for lunch and dinner on numerous occasions and will continue to. This particular location, with ample seating indoors, sits on a square in downtown Palo Alto and on nice days you can sit outside with your slice and enjoy the local color. Personal Favorite: Splitting 2 slices, a salad, and a drink with friend.
I went here to grab a slice with a friend, for lunch today. It was not bad. Definitely cheap, fast and easy as far as the pizza was concerned. We liked the veggie and meat pizzas better than the cheese (which was just kinda greasy and bland). I'm not a huge fan of thin crust pizza, but as far as it goes this is decent and cheap. The main gripe I had was that there was *no* parking...  I guess that's to be expected for University Ave, but circling around and dealing with the somewhat psychotic drivers to fight for a spot tacked on an extra 10 minutes travel time. I think I might check out their San Mateo location next time.
PIZZA MY HEART Decent pizza by the slice at an affordable price. I can't say that Pizza My Heart stands out from any other non-chain pizza joints, but it's pretty close to the pizza places up in North Beach in SF, which tastes great "in me belly"! But the cool thing about this place, is that it's the only place open late night or into the wee hours of the morning in quiet downtown Palo Alto. After a night bar hopping in Palo Alto, wind down and fill your belly with some good pizza, and then call it a night (or morning)!
Typical Pizza My Heart (by typical, I mean "like the majority"...see posts on the Capitola Village and Downtown Santa Cruz locations for the atypical/5 star ones...).  This means: AMAZING pizza (best I've ever had), friendly atmosphere, decent prices, and the ability to also get cool t-shirts and solid salads. Get a punch card: - Buy 3 slices, get a free drink. - Buy another 3 slices, get a free salad. - Buy another 3 slices, get a free slice. Repeat.
I usually write lengthy reviews covering the pros and cons.  Doing that here wouldn't be very much in harmony with what Pizza My Heart is as an establishment. Simply put, this is your classic, greasy, cheap, New York-style pizza joint.  If you're looking to down a couple slices quickly for a few bucks, it definitely fits the bill.  Similarly, if you're drunk and stumbling down University Avenue late on a Friday or Saturday, there are few better options.  I say this as the sucker who worked at the startup those late nights and envied the kids who were enjoying it, not so much as one of them. The salads are easy to overlook but actually quite good.  The dressings make them exceptional, and despite being pre-packaged, they taste generally pretty fresh.  The walnut is my favorite. If you want fancy deep dish pizza, go a couple blocks over to Patxi's.  If you want cheap pizza by the slice, it's hard to argue with Pizza My Heart.
Pizza chain that's all over this area. I've eaten at this location a couple times years ago, so, my review might be a bit outdated. This particular place is frequented by stanford students and people looking for a quick bite to eat. The place can get crowded at a moment's notice (especially towards the late night hours after people are done with drinking and dancing). The pizza has never been disappointing to me, and they keep making fresh pies constantly. They have a couple beers on tap and salads on the side counter. The price is cheap and they have a 5 dollars for a slice of pizza and one of their tshirts. I admit, I wear their tshirts from time to time. They are nice, good quality, and I don't mind the surfboard logo.
Not good pizza.  My understanding was that this is the place that Pizza-A-Go-Go changed into when it went out of business from down at the other end of University. This pizza is dense, greasy, it is cheap, and the atmosphere is dirty and kind of disgusting.  Restrooms are bad, drink selection is bad, pizza is mostly bad. It is acceptable if you are downtown late and there is no where else to go, and you do not care if you have a greasy slice of pizza. I just remember taking a handful of paper napkins and trying to sop up all the grease off my slice of pizza. I miss the old Pizza-A-Go-Go a lot, their pizza was light and you could get vegetarian, it had taste and was never greasy ... what happened here?
Where do a group of college kids go to grab a bite when it's 1am in Palo Alto?  The options seem severely limited - Jack in the Box or Pizza My Heart.  Despite me vigorously objecting, three of us went on a quiet weeknight. I ordered a slice of pesto, and my friends and I sat in a booth near the University Avenue entrance.  I was facing the door, and dropped my pizza when I saw a maniacal-looking monstrosity with glowing bloodshot eyes pass by.  I turned to the girl sitting next to me and said, "Wow, that guy has demon eyes." Demon Eyes must have heard us, because he suddenly turned around and walked into Pizza My Heart.  He was unshaven, and his face was caked with some amalgamation of dirt, sweat, and the blood of the proletariat.  The foul stench of month-old urine persisted even after he left after begging us for change. Oh yeah, the pizza was awful.
Not my first choice for pizza, but this is one of a few places in downtown where you can get a decent sub-$10 meal. Their thin crust pizza by-the-slice is ok, but not always fresh out of the oven.
This place is your average pizza place.  The decor has a bunch of surfers from all over.  There's a pleasant atmosphere, and it's a great place to grab some carbs after a good night of drinking.  There's a handful of set pizzas ready to be served by the slice, and the chicken and walnut salad is DIVINE.  The dressing is so great!  I want to heat the dressing and use it as a steak sauce too.  I'm not expecting much from a quick pizza meal restaurant.  I'll expect pizza that satisfies my hunger for about four hours, then I'll be ready for more. The only down side, they stop serving bear at around 11PM.  The earliest they've closed on me was 10 and that was a Thursday  night.  They usually close at 12!  I don't know...but I've been disappointed twice by the early alcohol close-age. Also, I believe this PMH is one of the few that sell blue and black t-shirts.  Everywhere else sells only white so far (April 2008).
Sometimes you find a chain that breaks out of the mold of mediocrity. Pizza My Heart is not one of those chains. The cheese is palatable, the sauce is bland, the toppings are... toppings. The crust? You know how Wheat Thins used to have images on the back of the box with "Pizza Wheat Thins?" This is like a 8" long Pizza Wheat Thin. If this is really is the thin-crust New Yorkers so adore, then I'm writing off every future high-and-mighty "I'm a New Yorker" Pizza review here and now. As for the service--I was asked three to four times whether I wanted my Pizza for "here or to go." It wasn't that she didn't hear me, I answered clearly and she nodded, she just forgot three times from when she took my order to when she accepted my money to when she pulled it out of the oven to when she placed it on the counter. I'm not even exaggerating. About the only redeeming factor to the whole experience was the Hefeweisen I ordered. Since this is the only pizza by the slice on University Ave, I very well may come here again. That said, I can say fairly confidently that if that weren't the case, I would happily never set foot in here again. One final thought: before you take even a three star average review of Pizza My Heart at face value, note the trend of high reviews from people who only visit this restaurant while tanked.
Thin crust pizza is where it's at. One slice is never enough, but two is too much. So the logical solution is to come here with a friend and split the third slice. Perfect. Every time.
So I think I would probably like Pizza My Heart a lot more if it wasn't my drunk food that I end up feeling sick from that night or the next morning! Their pizza is good (not great) and is thin crust. They have pretty good salads (including Greek), which makes a good lunch (or dinner) w/ a slice of pizza and a drink at a good price. The original Pizza My Heart was called Pizza-A-Go-Go and had more character than Pizza My Heart, but the pizza is definitely an improvement. I love the fact that you can get a t-shirt and slice of pizza for only $5! Since it is the only place to get food after the bars, I cannot give Pizza My Heart anything less than 3 stars even though their pizza is just OK.
I love the pizza at all of the pizza my hearts.  They always have interesting and very tasty new pizzas. But what on earth is that section right outside of the store all about?  It is a hybrid of a high school lunch area and a prison courtyard.  There are drug dealers, pimple faced skater kids and moms with babies just loitering for no apparent reason.
This place has garbage pizza. Who cares if it's open late? Late doesn't make greasy cardboard into pizza Carlo Ciampi would approve of. You know what else Carlo Ciampi would disapprove of? Those tight pants kids that hang out of it everyday.
Oh wow, so this is by far the most bizzare / eclectic Pizza my Heart...ever.  So much happens here... .all the crack heads, plaza kids (heck yes I used to be one of 'em),  late night drunk pub crawlers, Stanford kids, families.....   literally every type of person you can imagine frequents this pizza my heart.  I've seen some ridiculous stuff go down here. Oh right, but on to the pizza!  Always good, and you've gotta love that $5 slice and a shirt deal! Probably the MOST satisfying thing is when you're waiting in line (for at least an hour after the bars close), youre pretty buzzed (or tanked, either works), and you're the lucky bastard that gets the last slice of pizza..... such a sweet, sweet moment.  Its only happened to me once, but I'll remember it forever...   k, that might be pushing it, but it was still pretty memorable. All in all, pizza, salads, and shirts are pretty legit - any time of day! My only bone to pick with this place .... c'mon guys, i know you've got a less than desirable crowd sometimes, but that doesnt mean you should ignore the cleanliness of the place!!! bathrooms - yeech.  Also, clean the tables more frequently!! none the less, this location still get 3.5  stars.. i'll round it out to 4 just because i'm probably guilty of some of that drunken mess!
This place is clean, the line gets really long, thin crust pizza was okay, plenty of seating, located near the corner can't miss it
We had a private birthday party at Pizza My Heart for my son's birthday. It was awesome and every kid had a blast! Pizza My Heart accommodated our private party request by allowing us to start the party 1 hour before they open. We started out with a tour where everyone got to visit the kitchen, and watched the chef make pizza from dough to ready-to-bake. The highlights was the chef spinned and tossed the dough to make it bigger. The kids found it fascinating!! After the tour, every kid got to make their own pizza. Pizza My Heart prepared t-shirts for every kid and coloring/ crayons while we are waiting for the pizzas. While we only pay for each guest kid, Pizza My Heart gave us and our parent guests 2 large complimentary pizzas. I am very impressed with how thoughtful they were. After we went home, my kids still said they wanted to watch the tossing of the dough again. My daughter who does not eat pizza said she loved her own pizza. If you are thinking for party ideas, definitely give it a try. Totally worth the buck!!
Good pizza, albeit a little over priced. The abundance of topping combinations makes for fun ordering. They also serve beer here, which is nice. Place gets run over with drunkards on weekends, when it is open late. Also, beware the rogue high school loner or pack of skaters with a bone to pick.
It's a universal truth.  You can't hate pizza. PMH is not going to wow anybody with what they've got, but it beats the usual chain pizzas around, and it great to get by the slice.  It's not the best NY style-pizza I've had, but there aren't a whole lot of that style in the area in general. I like the Pesto pizza a whole lot.  If I get a full pie, it's my choice. I can also confirm that you can enjoy the pizza without being drunk or having the munchies.  I wasn't sure by the comments of the other Yelpers, but I've had a pizza here absolutely sober, and it was still solid. Yes - it's greasy, salty, cheesy, gooey and horrible for your cholesterol counts.  Remember - it's pizza. Overall, they stick with a simple formula, and execute pretty well. I do like Patxi's or Pizza Chicago better, but you can't just walk in and buy a slice there, as far as I know... ...and they don't sell $5 t-shirts like PMH either.
J. and I grabbed dinner here last night (4/5/08). Nothing too special to report, though I did like the flavor of the feta, olive, and tomato pizza (would have like a little more crunch, though). The pizza overall did taste better than the pizza I had last week at Pazzia -- it had a taste. J. enjoyed his chicken and bacon pizza, and I thought the pepperoni and mushroom was rather generic and greasy. I might return at some point -- the prices were right, there was no wait.
Oh, Pizza My Heart...thanks for being open at 1 AM so that my friends and bf could soak up all the ETOH from their drinking at Rose and Crown Pub last night. Without the carbs and water in their stomachs, they'd be nursing their hangovers this AM and of course, they'd be without their souvenir $1.50 tee-shirt! Pesto slices here are okay. Nice addition of the pine nuts on top, but Mythic is still my vote for best slice of pesto pizza. Great hangout place or rather, place to recover from your hangover...
After a night of partying at blue chalk we ended up eating here to sober up. the line was literally out the door. Roughly it took us about 15 min to order and 5 min to get out pizza. I had ordered the pepperoni with mushroom and my friends ordered some other weird crap with garlic cloves, and something called a mixer. My friend had ordered 5 pizza yeah but they only gave us 4 girl at the register Messed up on our order so we got our money back for our pizza. The pizza was ok its not like I'm going to go there ever again maybe when im drunk because everything taste better when your drunk and hungry.
I love this place! If you're a Stanford student you can get enough free slice coupons that you never have to actually pay for anything. Besides having one super creepy Irish waiter, everything about the place is decent. Its one of the few affordable locations on University ave. Everyone else is right about the insane grease levels... super unhealthy! But if you want some OK thin crust pizza by the slice or need a hang out place with friends its the place to go. If you're visiting Palo Alto you have to try Pizza My Heart at least once. P.S. don't miss the giant green egg outside!
Pizza My Heart should call itself Grease Up My Heart considering how oily their pies are. This pizza joint serves California-themed pizzas to a youngish Stanford population. Pie names like Todos Santos (the town where the original Hotel California is located), Ano Nuevo (the elephant seal nesting ground) and Davenport (the community just north of Santa Cruz) make it easy to forget to that one is consuming chicken, clams and sausage, baked with cheese on a pizza crust. Good thing too that its clientele is relatively young. When you are 18 and hungry, you can survive the extra salt and grease, though the carbs will probably put you to sleep.
I had heard of this place so many times from my UCSC friends, I felt like I had to stop and get a slice the next time I ever came across a Pizza My Heart.  And after a night of drinking at Miyake's and B412, guess where we ended up? To help quell the post drinking cravings, hopped into line and ordered myself a slice of their Big Sur pizza.  Topped with garlic, pepperoni, sausage, portobello mushrooms, and green onions...definitely felt like it would fill me good.  While the toppings were balanced, I'm not a big fan of their crusts.  I like that it's a thinner crust and not too doughy, but the crust itself is rather dry with a salty/yeasty kind of flavor. After polishing off the first slice, justified ordering a second slice with the argument that I needed it to write a better yelp review (thanks yelp!).  Followed up the first one with a slice of D'Lex Chicken and Bacon, that also included mushrooms, garlic, green onions and a white sauce.  Being a bigger fan of white pizza sauces than red sauces, I liked this one a bit better than the Big Sur...especially with the bacon topping. Although I'd still consider this more of a college/post drinking type of joint rather than a true destination place (unless you're really in the area), you could certainly do a lot worse while grabbing a late night bite.
awesome for fast, cheap, good eats! came here before a movie and had a slice of the chicken & bacon (with spring onion on top) white pizza...it was YUMMY...plus they toasted it before serving it. It was not dripping grease like most pizzas (despite no dripping grease...it is probably not as low caloric as it may seem, but hey if it seems low cal, then it's alllll good) they also had ready-made salad and bottle drinks...but who wants salad?
I enjoy thin crust pizza, so I really like Pizza My Heart. I had a slice of chicken, bacon, mushroom & green onion - it was really tasty and not greasy. My son's cheese pizza was fresh out of the oven - he says this particular combo of their tomato sauce & cheese was delicious. The fact they can get the dough so thin by hand-tossing gets the thumbs up from me :) It's definitely a family-friendly place. With the opening of the new plaza just outside, I'm sure this place will be more visible and get more business. The guys behind the counter were friendly and provided fast service. It's not cheap pizza but I will pay extra to get this quality and flavor. I can't wait to try other pizzas here!
I'm a definite pizza lover... meat lover to be exact. Crunchy crusts will be an added bonus! Two slices of Pizza My Heart's Combo pizza surely makes my belleh happeeee! It's filling, less greasy than others and it's affordable. I love the fact that I can totally put whatever amount of parmesan cheese on my pizza slices! Shake shake shake! Crushed red peppers too! Tons of college studs go here and it is quite a hang out. Beside it is a mini-park with benches and umbrella chairs which has a cute water fountain! It is located in the middle of the busy University Avenue street of Palo Alto. So yeah, I'm a fan of this place. It's cheap, it's quick, it's good!
This place was good! Creative pizzas and creative sauces! Also, there are amazing choices for pizza of the day. Great variety! Make sure to come here, as this place will not let you down. Just a side note--I took the pizza to go, so as far as messy tables are concerned, I'm not too sure. I also noticed that instead of trays, pizza is served on frisbees. I told you, this place is creative!
For $4 a slice, you can have a happy moment and forget about all the sadness in the world. That's what great food brings, that's what pizza at Pizza My Heart brings. This is not an advertisement but someone who was munching a piece of blue cheese bacon pizza under the sun one day in a very sad day.
I love a college pizza joint.  This place is immaculately clean, and has a great soda fountain.  I had a slice with pepperoni and sausage, and a fountain drink for less than $5!  Not a bad deal compared to East Coast standards.  The crust is well made, and a little crispy.  The pizza is thin, and has quality cheese.  I found this place to be a pleasant surprise, and much better than many of the overpriced California pizza joints I have been to.  This is a great place to go for a slice or two.  It is probably the cleanest pizza restaurant I have ever been to.  I would expect nothing less in Palo Alto at the edge of the Farm!
NOTE:  I don't think there is a better slice of pizza, salad, drink meal for under $7.  That's why I'm giving this place 5 stars.  Obviously, I've had better pizza but not at such a low price.  If your comparing apples to apples which in this case is cheap eats, you can't beat the deal at Pizza My Heart! Came here for a quick bite.  All three of us ordered from the "slice with salad and drink" menu.  Basically, you grab the salad off the shelve and then you tell them which slice of pizza you want based on what is displayed on the counter.  They then give you a cup to self help with drinks.  Prices are based on the type of salad you picked. Here's what was ordered: 1)  Seasonal Salad, Hawaiian Slice & Soda $6.75 -   (Four =P'''' ) The seasonal greens ( http://www.yelp.com/biz_... ) has mushrooms, carrots, cucumbers, tomatoes, and broccoli with field greens.  It doesn't come with any dressing so you gotta pick one up from the shelve while you are grabbing the salad.  Friend thought it was decent.  Pretty light salad with nice variety.  With the salad, he grabbed a Maui Wowie ( http://www.yelp.com/biz_... ).  It's your usual ham and pineapple pizza.  So overall, his meal was simple but still quite tasty. 2)  Greek Salad, Big Sur Slice & Soda $6.75 -  (Five =P'''' ) My Greek salad ( http://www.yelp.com/biz_... ) includes romaine lettuce, onions, olives, feta cheese, and artichokes.  Was really refreshing and the sliced onions gave the salad a great kick.  I picked the Big Sur ( http://www.yelp.com/biz_... ).  Who can say no to the combination of whole roasted garlic, pepperoni, sausage, portebello mushrooms, and green onions???  Needless to say, my breathe was a little onion overload for the rest of the day.  But if you ask me, TOTALLY WORTH IT. TIP:  Drizzle some of your ranch dressing from your salad over the slice.  MMMmmmmm *^ 3)  Chicken Walnut, Small Sur Slice & Soda  $8.75 -   (Five =P'''' ) The gf ordered this along with the Little Sur pizza ( http://www.yelp.com/biz_... ).  The salad ( http://www.yelp.com/biz_... ) includes chicken breast, candied walnuts, Gorgonzola and balsamic dressing.  She thought (and I concur) that the dressing was a bit too salty and that the Gorgonzola should be put in a separate container for those of us that are not a fan of it.  But aside from those minor things, she gave 2 thumbs up for such a simple but yummy salad.  As for the pizza... whole roasted garlic, roasted red peppers, portobella mushrooms, green onions, cherry tomatoes on top of tomato pizza sauce.  Inhaled by the gf within less than 5 minutes so my guess is that it was pretty damn awesome for her. After the meal, we hung out for about another 30 minutes before heading back to work.  The place was not extremely busy or noisy which made it easy for us to hold a conversation. Five stars for cleanliness, expedient service, interesting decor, good hangout place, and most important of all, good food!
Best place to stagger into on a hazy inebriated night; if you're party of the DD squad, I guess it's the place to be entertained by the happily drunk or the last safe haven to sober up your party. The staff has become so well accustomed to faded college clientle, they're always very patient and good humored with my rowdy crew and as such, I really think of Pizza My Heart as the only place I can come to after bar-hopping on University. In general, I love the crispy Pizza My Heart slices, especially the pepperonni/sausage/garlic/mushroom combo. Super greasy, always ask for extra napkins to soak up some of that grease if you're not a fan. Great bargain, super hot and fresh, takes credit (most important), and best part is there's a frequent buyer card, perfect for all those constant returns to the one and only University Pizza My Heart.
This is the first PMH location where I bought a T-shirt.  $5 for a slice & a shirt.  I actually got 2 shirts (1 slice) and made them into "Bride" and "Groom" shirts for friends because she was wearing a PMH shirt when he proposed.  Cute, huh? This location has a typical college town main-street feel to it and is right by the cool egg sculpture. Their pizza has a good combo of crust/sauce & cheese, which I like.
Great place to drop by with friends on a weekend night just to see some of the drama ensue.  You can usually be guaranteed to see at least one drunken fiasco if you sit inside with a slice. The pizza...solid if you've got a case of the drunchies.  Sober...its alright, nothing to complain about.
When you're in the mood for pizza with melting cheese on top, this place can't be beat. Each slice is only around $2 (or was it $3?). I used to go there all the time for lunch. I miss pizza my heart. When will there be one in LA?
I can't give it a one-star review (yet...) since I haven't actually eaten the pizza. So the extra star is for potentially liking the pizza. Cause the pizza itself could be really good. But I don't know. Called tonight to order because I'm starving for pizza. Tomorrow is a big thanksgiving feast, but I need something easy. Heck, I'll be cooking all day tomorrow, so why would I want to do it tonight too? Anyway. I'm usually a very understanding person when calling in orders. It ain't easy being on the phone when you have a whole kitchen yelling behind you, I totally understand. But after four minutes of my repeating the address, spelling it eight times, spelling the cross-street eight times, and no, it isn't an avenue, it's a drive. No, it's not a street. It's in this other city, do you deliver here? Oh good. Yes. Yes, that is all right. Okay, this is what I want. No, small. No, this other thing. Yes, I'll spell it for you. Again? Okay. Drink? Sure, how about a coke. Coke. A bottle is fine. It's fine. Okay. Sure I'll hang on. No my address is this. This is my address. No, in this city. You don't deliver here? Holy ****. I can't believe I'm ordering from Dominos.
If you're in college or you really don't want to think about your dinner, this probably will satisfy you.  It's just pizza. Times visited: 1
Decent pizza slices for reasonable prices.  The mushroom slices always fill the gap in my stomach after retail therapy.  Great for people watching and grubbing on sinful debauched cheesy goodness. Mmm...rawr...pizza slice.
When the munchies set in after a night on the town, I am sometimes grateful for late-night greasy, fast pizza. Besides, even if I'm not in the mood, where else is there to go after midnight in Palo Alto? Sad but true. Not much for atmosphere: a long row of booths, with doors on both ends letting the cold, cold air in. Remember to tear out the coupons from the back of your phone book.
I eat here once a week, at least. Why? It's the only damn thing open in Palo Alto after 11pm most nights, and I work from noon to midnight just down the street. The trick to food here is to not order the slices: they really suck. If you shell out the $12 or so for a full pizza, you'll get something infinitely better and without the utterly flaccid crust you find in the slices. I'm not sure what David S. is doing, but I don't ever get hit on by girls in Pizza My Heart. Instead, I'd probably get hit *by* some high school skater punks if they didn't see that I, although being this semi-professional Palo Alto guy, was also wearing a pair of Vans for that old-skool street cred. I can out-skate those fools anyway, and I haven't been on a skateboard in five years.
The cheese pizza was acceptably thin but for some reason, lacked the flavor I was expecting.  The supreme was tastier. A bit pricey for average pizza. I will probably come back out of lack of other options for pizza on University Ave but if I had my choice, I would take Bowzers or Goat Hill in SF any day.
Pizza: Nothing special at all. I actually think the tomatoes on my veggie pizza were a little rancid. Staff: Extremely rude. Why they got 2 stars instead of just one...I just love pizza.
Dear California, Stop trying to make pizza. You don't know what you're doing.  Take a leaf out of Chicago's recipe book, and then I will take you seriously. Love, Molly
To quote fellow Yelper Dru F.: "This is where you go after a night out and are in the market for a good ol' sloppy, sober-me-up grease fest." Perhaps I was too hard on Pizza My Heart the first time around, but I still stand by original assessment in terms of quality: It's decent thin crust pizza, sure, but greasy as hell. I'm not afraid of a little grease and goo, but there's enough at this place for you to pour off your slice and serve as a side drink. Gross. Still, it's nice to have a pizza place open late in downtown Palo Alto, especially after a night at the bars. Be prepared to stalk people for a seat after 1:00 AM, because it fills up quickly once the bars start kicking people out.
I don't really understand what all the fuss over Pizza My Heart is about. I've only eaten there... Read more 
"Meh: (m') 1. (n.) A multi-purpose response, primarily used to imply a degree of indifference. " That is what you get here. Greasy, meaty, floppy, but fast. Good things its cheap and in a good location.
Good branding, decent--ok--pizza, way too expensive. Quality-wise, this is much more "party college" than University Avenue. That being said, great location!
When you are a 38 year old man with tits you take any opportunity to sneak a slice at all times of the day.  I did just that at this place while my wife was shopping.   I got a plain cheese slice....it was above average and well worth the addidtion to my man hooters.
I've been here once with co-workers for lunch. I thought it was pretty good. They had decent prices and the pizza was pretty good. They were really nice to us considering we can in unannounced with a group of almost 20 people. They have a decent beer selection too. Not big at all, but at least they had beers besides Coors Light or Budwiser. Overall- good, but nothing amazing.
This is a "go for the atmosphere" place. If you think you are going to get good pizza at this place... you are sorely mistaken.  Not that the pizza is bad, but if you can name me a pizza joint that does a "by the slice" but is REALLY GOOD, I'm all ears. They have a pretty cool deal with the frequent buyer card thing where you get a free drink, then slice and that kinda thing.  The pizza isn't bad, maybe a bit greasy at times, but at least there are plenty of napkins around, and that intake can be mitigated.  I don't know how late they are open, but knowing that there is somewhere like this open... would be pretty cool after hitting up a flick at the Stanfud Theatre.
Even if they run out of plain old cheese by 12.30am on a Friday night and aren't willing to prep more than usual, I will still remain faithful to this local pizza shop. I'm happy to pick off mushrooms and olives if I have to munch on something after a few Old Speckled Hens at the Rose & Crown. So, I'm still a tiny bit bitter that Pizza-A-GoGo shut down years ago. That was the spot to go to at lunch or when we'd cut class during high school. Slices of cheese at $2. What could be better? But, I'm happy that Pizza My Heart moved up a few blocks and remains a late night staple for people jonesing for some greasy, starchy goodness. I am a fan of their thin crusts, their sauce, their pesto, and the fact they'll make me a brocolli, bell pepper, onion, and garlic pizza to chow on during rare movies nights at home. Seriously, all they need now is to add peas & corn as topping choices and they'll be in serious business with me. Sure, I've had better pizza. San Francisco has a ton of hole in the wall places that make pizza almost as good as the stuff you'll find in Italy, probably because the pizza is made by 1st or 2nd generation Italian Americans who learned from their parents or grandparents or aunts/uncles. But, when I'm not willing to drive all the way up to San Francisco for a killer slice of pizza, I make a beeline for PMH. Even when I'm sober and it's 2 in the afternoon! Again, this will remain a meeting place for high schoolers and college folk. And, they'll keep on churnin' out the pies as long as we keep giving them money. Oh, and I love that they have Coke Zero & Cherry Coke as fountain selections. Makes my pizza nomnoms so much better.
Please don't hate me but I'm not a huge fan of pizza...I usually come here if I need a quick bite before doing something else in the area.  I was here on Saturday for a slice before going to a lounge as I was a little hungry. The pizza is extra greasy here, but tasty as well.  If you're coming here on a friday or saturday night after the bars, definitely try and get there around 1am, i've seen them run out of pizza at around 1:30 or so.
Good pizza for a quick buy-by-the-slice meal.  Good everyday selection. I would not recommend buying a whole pizza.  I think it's a bit expensive for what it is if you bought a whole pizza. As I said, "good pizza for a quick buy-by-the-slice meal."
Im not into typing lengthy paragraph/stories, so here we go: PROS: -run of the mill, greasy pizza (i actually like this, so im listing this as a pro) -cheap -good selection of pizzas -big slices -quick service -clean -big restaurant CONS: -i did not like the service from the person, Pearl, who took my order at the counter.  She didn't smile at all and simply wanted to be with her loud friends in the booth, who was calling her name while i was giving her my order. -would not go here again just bc i dont want to have to deal with loud college students -hard to find parking in the evening
Oh boy, when you go to Pizza My Heart you sure get more than you bargained for!  Not only do you get amazing pizza, but amusing Palo Alto theater.  And by amusing, I mean ridiculous.  And by theater, I mean random obnoxious protests.  I recently witnessed some very strange christian protest featuring skateboards and a very agile man balancing on a milk crate.  I'm not sure what they were protesting, nor do I care, it made waiting for pizza more interesting than usual. But really...back to the pizza... The Big Sur is wonderful.  Not your typical round table or domino's pizza for sure - lots of fresh, gourmet ingredients.  Even my husband, a self described bottomless pit, was full after 2-3 slices.  Sure, the pizza is more expensive than average, but it tastes much better and you can rest assured that your pizza has never been frozen or placed under a heat lamp for days.
Ok pizza for 2am.  Came around 1 which didn't have a line. But if you come after 2, when everyone leaves the club, you get a crowd.  You also get the college crowd, and occasionally people trying to start up fights. The pizza is alright. Maui Wauie for $3.50.  You order a slice and they heat it up in the oven for you.
I was here last night and I got a slice of the mushroom pizza.  Though it was piping hot (fresh out of the oven), it was fairly bland.  I guess, it leaves you room to add spices and extra cheese, etc.  I mean, don't get me wrong.  I totally inhaled it with no regrets but yeah.  I'm not exactly craving this pizza after words.  The good thing is that it is thin and fairly light.  Well it seemed pretty light.  I didn't feel like i had a poochy belly and i didn't look like i was going to give birth to a pizza baby any time soon.  So for that, its all good. Compared to the Pizza My Heart in downtown San Jose, this PA location is WAAAY better.
Who eats three slices of pesto pizza after 12AM,...me, I guess.  Here's the thing, whenever we venture out to PA, basically it's to drink.  And that we did, Old Pro, the old stomping grounds before it's face lift was the place me and the two patnas from the college days went for "its" and giggles. Get there before the long lines hit (after the bars close) and there's no line.  Thing is, you have plan it to the T, leave the bar...then grab your pizza's then you're good to go.  Either home, which is what we did, or back to the crawl like many others.  A solid slice of goodness...
Oh, I so love pizza my heart. Quick and dirty: not a huge fan of the sauce, but the EVERYTHING is fresh, toppings are so delicious, salads are huge and also fresh, they reheat slices in the oven, some pizza by the slice are like pizza I would create on my own when I'm feeling really obscure with my food cravings. VERY NEGATIVE AND SHOULD BE ADDRESSED IMMEDIATELY: while I stopped in recently there was a group of very unkempt (maybe homeless?) teens at a booth with a puppy and the puppy was all over the seats AND table. GROSS!!? I haven't eaten there in a while, and I am very glad of this. Isn't that against health code? Take out = five stars, eat in = pushing maybe three, so average gets you four. Oh, and they have Coke Zero in the machine, six stars hahaha
Came in for lunch one day and ordered and pie and some salads.  I did not like the pizza very much.  The crust was too thin and floppy and not near as tasty as some others I have had.  The texture of the cheese seemed off too.  I doubt I'll come here again with so many pizza places around. Although I guess if I am in the neighborhood, I might would stop in for a slice if I was in a hurry.  They  had about 10 kinds of pizza ready and available by the slice.  And if you do go, check out the super cool soda machine!
The great thing is that its open til fairly late (around 2am on weekends I believe) and the pizza is cheap, like $2.50 to $3 a slice. I personally like thin crust pizzas so I think its delicious. The fact that they have classics like hawaiian and mushroom pizza is a plus in my book! Perfect place for a midnight snack after a night of boozing in downtown PA!
I've always harbored a grudge against these guys after Pizza-a-Go-Go was merged with these guys and taken away from my childhood. That said, I gave them a chance for redemption by trying the pizza.  Yeah...my opinion really hasn't changed.  I like the thin crust aspect of these pizzas but when I get slices here, they're always burnt.  And one thing I don't like is burnt pizza.  :(  Other than that, the sauce is weak, where is that tomato flavor?  Overall, I'd rather go across the street and get something from Quizno's.  Yeah... I miss the pesto pizza from Pizza-a-Go-Go.
Good pizza, generous with the cheese, just the way I like it. There are many specialty combo slices.  Fresh ingredients.  Quick thin crust pizza. Nice atmosphere too.  Perfect for just hanging with the homies or for an informal, chill date.
My favorite place for a quick slice of thin crust pizza on University Avenue.  I always go for the Everything.  Don't forget your frequent customer card!
I always come here and think, "I'll be healthy this time and get only one slice of pizza". I almost always fail. Like today, I got a Big Sur and a Chicken Bacon. I love the whole garlic chunks on the Big Sur, and I'm sure it'll help me fight off any vampires if need be. We don't need any more sparkly vampires. Anyway, the slices are good an the price is right. Yum.
My and my boyfriend got the $5 Dollar Deal - T-shirt and a slice. Pretty good Price! My 2nd time ever going to Pizza My Heart. My first being in, I think San Jose? Anyway, Pesto Pizza is my FAVORITE there. My bf got Garlic Chicken, pretty good too but Pesto is still better. It might look really oily, but thats just how the pizza is, for me I even add extra Olive Oil. Lol, but yeah thats just Pesto cause the Garlic Chicken did't turn out oily. The Pizza My Heart in San Jose and the new one in Vallefair Mall,Santa Clara's Pesto Pizza tasted better though. So I minus a star.
I love pizza at this place. I always get the Big Sur if I can - I love garlic, I love mushrooms, and I love garlic and mushrooms. The pizza is always crunchy delicious with their oven treatment. Stanford students, take note: The Stanford Directory that comes in the beginning of every year has free slice coupons for PIzza-My-Heart. Take advantage of them, because so many of your dormmates won't!
These guys are consistent! Took my  order and made sure that it was perfect... cool folks work here. 5 Stars...
Is it me?  Last time I was there (Palo Alto) they were spiraling the tomato sauce on the dough.  In other words not fully covering the pie.  I don't remember them doing this.  No doubt a money saving thing but I could taste the difference. PMH pizza is basically good but sometimes the pizzas look like they have been out a bit too long. One of there little known secrets are their salads.  Always fresh and interesting.
I think people needs to take another perspective about this place.  Here, you have front row seats of one of the biggest spectacles of Democracy in the world right in their dining room!  Or, as they used to call it in the old country, Dining and a show. Across the front doors to Pizza my Heart lies Lytton Plaza, a place where you have all sorts of people protesting, praising, condemning, dancing and yes, even having costume parties at all times of day and night. Here, you've got people protesting the war in Iraq with megaphones, new age hippies (or even the real Hippies) saving the world while waving their petroleum based banners, nit-wits wearing colorful t-shirts with misspellings while thumping their Bibles and condemning all you sinners (yes YOU too!), local Stanford kids (ahem, adults) on their parents' dime shaking the tambourine to celebrate the local Mystic/Bhagwan/Maharaja's arrival/departure/birthday/reincarnation/new book, all the while seeing Spiderman and Wonder Woman hand out flyers to their latest cause. Night shows include watching tweaked out skaters fall flat on their faces that's worth at least 4 stars on YouTube had my cellphone camera was on or, if you are lucky, you can watch drunk Stanford students try to order food in a language that you can understand and shake your head in realizing that THEY are OUR future. But, before you grab your Bible, tambourine and cellphone camera, be forewarned:  This is not the Rocky Horror Picture Show! Some of those exercising their First Amendment Rights may or may not appreciate audience participation! And, honestly, it does not matter if you agree or disagree with them.  It's still not polite to start a fight in the middle of someone's else speech! Don't like it?  Do your OWN show (excuse me, protest). So grab a slice, get a drink, find a spot and enjoy the show!  And find a trash can when you are done you lazy bum and stop littering!  The employees here @ Pizza my Heart have enough work to keep the place itself clean, let alone the trash the lazy bums dump in the Plaza. Food was okay, but the show was better!!
I work a block away from this Pizza My Heart so it's the default lunch option when I want a quick, cheap meal that fills me up. I've had several different types of pizza from there, all of which were decent, though nothing special. The pepperoni pizza requires some napkin dabbing if you're not in the mood for all that grease. I really like the flavor and texture of their crusts and the thinness lets me fold a slice in half for easy consumption. If there's any meal that can be had on University Ave for the same amount of money ($3.25 for a slice of cheese pizza and water is free), I'd love to know about it. Otherwise, Pizza My Heart will remain my "I don't get paid till next week" lunch destination.
I did not expect too much coming to this Pizza place and was quiet surprised. Very good crust Pizza! out of the several times I was there, most were very good. It is definitively among the best Pizza Places I tried so far around. Self Service, fast, good music while you eat, conveniently located on University Avenue. Recommended.
4 Stars!!! Ok, so the 4 star review is for the after club experience.  This is the only spot open late night in P.A. and for some reason, when I'm drunk as hell the pizza tastes a lot better here.  If you can get over the long slow line and the drunk crowd.....it's a good way to end the night.  oh, I just learned that even if they run out of Ranch......if you're drunk enough, blue cheese tastes exactly the same w/ ur pizza.
Stopped by here on my lunch break.  Had a slice of mushroom pizza and a green salad.  The pizza was... Read more 
Gave this place a visit with my south bay buddy, who highly recommended this place for the pizza value and flavor.  Well first off we tried calling a couple times on a Sunday but no answer,  we thought the place might have been uber-busy or closed.  When we got to the joint, it didn't appear too busy and they had a full staff (two ladies working the front and a whole lot of staff in the back, some with seemingly nothing to do)  That kinda sucked, but no problem, we decided to order takeout and just wait it out. Well, we waited, and waited, ...and waited for over *30 minutes* for our large pizza.  When we finally got it my friend asked "What happened?"  The girl just said "oh, it just came out.." We waited 30 minutes, meanwhile a couple that ordered before us got their pizza,  and several "pre-made" pizzas came out before ours.  When we got home we realized the pizza was not fresh and probably was sitting out for 15 minutes or so before the workers noticed it was a pickup.  The pizza was OK,  but not spectacular, not worth the $27.75 I paid for it,  probably not worth it if we had a coupon.  My south bay buddy was also pretty disappointed with the cold pizza served with a side of lies. I'm not from the South Bay but i'll make sure to steer clear of this place if i'm ever in the area.  Pizza My Heart sucks, period.
This a nice pizza restaurant towards the end of university ave in palo alto.  I imagine this place gets packed with stanford kids during the school year.  The decor is nice , the seats are comfy, and the place is CLEAN! which is a big plus. They have a decent selection of pizzas which are not to greasy, but nothing to rave about.  Its a bit on the expensive side, but hey, you're in palo alto! so overall this is a good place for a quick slice of pizza if you're in the area and no to hungry.
I normally LOVE Pizza My Heart, but this location did not make quality pizza.  The prices are low, and eating space was clean, but when the pizza is chalky and stale, they need to go back to the drawing board. WARNING: Go during busy hours so you can ask for something fresh out of the oven.  Although, avoid times when kids will be there.  Screaming, pizza-crazed children can ruin your meal.
I'm a fan of the Pizza My Heart chains.  They're a step above dominos and pizza hut and not overpriced like round table.  I enjoy the crust on these pizzas, they're nice and crisp which is important to me.  I normally get just one slice instead of the whole pie.  They have a nice assortment of different pizzas or salads.  I enjoy both but I'll normally stick to the pizza.  Late night visits here have always been fun.
Probably have been here a hundred times in high school. The best place in the bay area to get a slice of pizza. Huge pieces with crispy, new york thin crust with good quality ingredients. The prices are pretty reasonable, especially if you get the shirt and a slice deal.
For pizza by the slice and good service, I like this place. I have definitely had better pizza, but I still like this Pizza My Heart. I've yet to have a poor experience here.
Oh Pizzy My Heart, how you've stolen mine. Pizza by the slice - big portion, reasonable price, AND for an extra dollar you get a tshirt. It's good, every time.
Above average to good pizza.  The crust is on the thinner side, and has a nice crisp to it if it is fresh and hasn't gotten too soggy.  My favorite slices are the pepperoni mushroom and the combo(pepperoni, bell pepper, mushrooms, olives, onions).  The vegetarian isn't bad either.  I love the convenience of staying open late since I've satisfied many drunk munchies here after a night out. If you don't like pizza, at least come for the people watching, especially around 1am with the drunk post bar/club crowd.  Careful though, my friend got punched in the face by some drunk bozo here when he politely  called him out  for cutting him in line after he had been waiting for awhile.  Who knew getting pizza was a contact sport? I could also do without the bums/burnout/hippies/skater bums who seem to always congregate outside in the adjacent plaza, but I guess they're just part of what makes Pizza My Heart what it is: a great place for a quick bite and some people watching.
We made an on-line order, apparently at the same time as our next-door neighbors.  They thought it was a duplicate and never filled our order.  We ended up starving for 2.5 hours waiting for our order. Dudes, if you are going to cancel an order because you think it's a dupe, you should CALL.
This place has tasty pizza (various types) and is open LATE. Loved that I could have dinner, then drinks, and then have a couple slices of pizza before hitting the hay!
Not the best pizza ever, but they have everything else going right.  Great location, open for late nite, big slices served on frisbees, and a Coke freestyle machine.  I highly recommend trying this place.
I love their pizza! It's super oily and messy, but DELISH.
I usually come here late night after barhopping in Palo Alto. Around that time there's a long line because everyone is on the same mission: getting food in their stomach after drinking. Alcohol can make anything into a gourmet meal, but Pizza My Heart holds up even when you're sober. The environment's pretty cool too, never know when you'll make new friends out here.
This is a great place to grab a slice and people-watch.  The pizza won't necessarily blow your mind, but at least the people walking the streets can provide free and somewhat pleasurable entertainment.  I recommend enjoying your slice outside during the evening.  This is when the exciting, bearded gentleman stands up on the concrete barrier to deliver his sermon.  It's always educational, and who can deny an opportunity to mix the business of learning with the pleasure of pizza?
I'm a fan! This is the best place to go for drunken munchies after a night out in PA (if people are too gone to drive to oasis, that is). The thin crust pizza is nice and the cheese is gooey with plentiful toppings. I like the pizza with sausage, mushroom, and pepperoni. I basically get whatever looks the most heaped with toppings lol. Definitely watch out for the crowd late at night on the weekends. The line is at least 25 mins and sometimes people are bellig from the alky.
Some people like to smoke a cigarette after sex.  They say it's the best high in the world.  Well, clearly they've never done ecstasy or eaten Pizza My Heart's pesto pizza with an ice cold beer.  Just saying.
I love their peperoni pizza!  This is one of the few places in Palo Alto that offers truly thin crust pizza by the slice.  I order and 5 minutes later my pizza slice is ready to go.  This is a perfect place to go if you are looking to get food that is both quick and very good.
A very disappointing night. They took my money and I did not get any Pizza. I went in this past Friday late night. I was in line to make my order. When my order was made, they never gave me a receipt and never said anything about it. When my order was called, they asked for my receipt, I told them they did not give me one. They refused to give me my order. Right next to the person who had my pizzas was the cashier who handled my order. I asked her do you remember me ordering my pizzas and told her you did not give me my receipt? She noded "no, I don't remember you." SO THEY REFUSED TO GIVE ME MY PIZZAS" I told her, you forgot to give me my receipt and that is not my mistake, but obviously, they don't give a shit as they got tons of customers to service. II spoke to the manager and he gave me the same story. They did not want to work it out. They need to train their employees better, pay ATTENTION to their customers and make sure they don't screw up by REMEMBERING to give their customer a receipt.  I don't think anyone is going go through this kind of headache to steal 3 slices of pizzas. Jesus! Bad service, Bad customer communications, and absolutely no customer care!! When they got tons of customers in line, they do not care. If they dropped a few slices on the ground, they may just reheated and still service it to the customers as they are too busy to give a crap. They just want your $$$, and they do not care about "CUSTOMER SERVICE" They really need to work on this.. BIG TIME... BEWARE OF BEING SCAMMED HERE!! THEY MAY FORGET TO GIVE YOU A RECEIPT AND STEAL YOUR $$$$, WITHOUT YOU GETTING ANY FOOD!
Okay not the best Pizza My Heart in the world but after a night of drinking and pretty much everything else closed this is the closest thing you're gonna get.  Just get there before everyone else or you're left with little to choose from.
This is my stop for pizza after watching a midnight madness movie at the Aquarius.  The Stanford kids that congregate here are always a bunch of chodes but they scare easily at the sight of brown skin so I can usually liberate a booth from them and enjoy my slice.
so it's kinda funny that a town like palo alto, as bourgeois as it gets can be sort of a college town too, less than a mile a way from the nothingischeapinthiswholemall stanford shopping center there are actually a lot of bars and the such and with those bars comes late night reasonably priced, whatever quality drunk food! And that is exactly what pizza my heart is. thank you pizza my heart for feeding me in my inebriation, your slice of pesto pizza with ranch sauce on top, though sounding disgusting to me now, was amazing at the time would i ever eat here for dinner or lunch? probably not but the gloves come off when the bottles come out and then it's pizza my heart's time to shine
I love all Pizza My Heart. Their pizza is so good and the slices are very big. They have a variety of pizza combinations and they open late. I remember when the art festival in Palo Alto was happening, I and a bunch of my friends were here until 1 or 2 AM and they were still open. They had a special where you get a shirt along with your order of a pizza slice. Sweet deal. I donated the shirt after though, but still good to get something free.
How do you beat $5 for a slice and a PMH t-shirt.  You can't!  The pizza is good...not spectacular.  The best thing about this place is that you can get your pizza by the slice.
Pizza My Heart provides decent pizza (available by the slice or in whole pies) at a reasonable price (for Palo Alto at least). The pizza isn't anything to tell your friends about - it's cheesy, greasy, and otherwise nondescript New York style pizza. The service is pretty decent (employees are friendly but sometimes the wait time for pizza is too long) and the decor of the restaurant is what you'd expect, i.e., it feels like a high school / college pizza joint. All in all, it's a good place to stop if you want a couple of slices quickly, but if you want higher quality / fancier pizza, you're probably better served by some of the other pizza restaurants nearby.
More like Pizza my Junk. This place is very subpar, and I don't mean that like a birdie. This place smells like Grandmas house, and not when she's been bathing. On top of the faint aroma of failure you have the pizza to look forward to. It consists little more than grease poured on top of some old bread. Well, at least it's fresh... WAIT, not so soon, the pizza's so old, when you order it, they have to put it back in the oven for a while before they give it to you. Wow. It's like a worse version of sbarro. Their only claim to fame is that they cater to the drunks of PA so they're open late, that's about it. Cheers.
The Maui Wowie is truly delicious, and goodness knows how many pigs and pineapples I consumed on thin crusts over four years of dorm-ridden studenthood.  They deliver, and I'm having flashbacks to an especially worthless period of my life where I had delivered Pizza My Heart for many consecutive meals.  The actual restaurant is worth going to for a quick bite nonetheless.  Low-key spot for lunch or dinner, and really, probably best for all involved to order by the slice.
A huge plus is that they are open till 2 and can feed hungry club goers who don't want to go to Dennys. The pizza was delicious. I recommend the chicken and bacon thin crust. My mouth is watering now thinking about it. Now I need to go back during the day and see if I have the same reaction!
I love Pizza My Heart. The pizza is always good and the service is also usually good. This location was no different. Add in some cute Stanford locals and you have a pretty wonderful pizza eating experience.
It's cheap, it's thin crust, it's fast, and it aint half bad.  Definitely not the best pizza I've ever had, but always enjoyable.
I don't know why no one likes this place.  I love the pizza here.  Thin, floppy, and dripping with grease.  What else do you expect from pizza?   Their pre-boxed salads are decent as well.  Also points for being open past 10pm.
How come everytime I go into a Pizza My Heart there's always a snobby 19 year old blond girl telling me that they're out of pesto pizza? And when that's not the case the pesto pizza is luke warm and has gigantic crusty chesse bubble on it. So, no thanks I pass at this pizza joint. I suggest you do too .. it's not worth the  time or the money. And beware of the PA high school kids outside , they all seem one Percocet away from capping fools.
Went to this location today. It is much larger than a lot of the others. But they don't maintain the cleanliness as much. The staff was friendly. The pizza is pretty good &you can get 130 types of soft drink. But the place could use some cleanliness. Which I really really appreciate in a place I'm going to eat at. Just saying a table wipe down can go a long way.
Perfect place to go to if you want to satisfy your pizza craving with a quickness! I've had the pesto, pepperoni, and cheese -- all were standard & greasy goodness! My friend had the vegetarian one and found a hair in it... :( but at least it wasn't hair from you-know-where? haha GROSS. Yes, finding a hair in your food is horrible but I am pretty sure that there are always things that are in our food that aren't supposed to be there and there are wayyy worse things that could have been found. SO I won't give Pizza My Heart any crap about it, haha.
Tasty, cheap, fast, pizza for those on the go.  You will definitely have better, but when you're hungry and need to eat fast, its kinda hard to pass this up.  What's funny is that I really like their chicken walnut salad more than their pizza.  The balsamic dressing along with the blue cheese make this one of the best grab and go salads in the Palo Alto area.  If you're intent on getting a slice though, do the $5 deal - its a slice and a Pizza My Heart t-shirt =)
I heart Pizza My Heart. Especially at 1.30AM, when, despite the tired legs from dancing at B412 (whoever invented the stiletto is a genius), we were literally running to you, desperate for a serious post-party nosh. And boy, you didn't disappoint.  A giant slice of Maui Wowi (pineapple, ham and cheese) pizza contained enough grease to quell the uneasy feeling in the stomach, and enough carb to soak up the excess alcohol in the digestive system.  Generous toppings of chili pepper flakes provided the much needed kick to keep us awake for the drive home. And oh, people - please don't bother with trying to shake that thing so vigorously and get very minimal amount of chili flakes as a result.  Take the lid off and pour, pour, and pour.
I'm not sure why I decided to give this place another try, but I did.  The only thing it has going for it is that it's open late, and I will never come here sober again.  I'm an East Coaster but don't consider myself a pizza snob, and I couldn't even finish the slice I got here because of how greasy it was.  Ew.  I'm giving two stars because the girl working there tonight was nice.
Skip Dominos and Pizza Hut. Pizza My Heart is where the soul feeds.
If you've had too many $10 drinks at one of the local yuppie bars, this may be a good place to crash.  Otherwise, the pizza is kinda boring.  It may be a step above the company's previous University Ave. restaurant, Pizza-a-Go-Go, but that's not saying much.
YUMMY!  After a night of dancing and drinking throughout Palo Alto come here.  Get the veggie pizza it's the BEST!
After a night of drinking and dancing, we came here and ordered a large Big Sur for the group. The Big sur was ok, but the tastes of all the ingredients didn't mesh well together. I loved the large slices of portabella mushrooms though and the roasted whole cloves of garlic kept falling off the pizza when I picked it up. I should have went with the cheese pizza. Oh well. Next time.
I'd give this place three and a half stars if I could give a half star. I've been here with my boyfriend a couple times for lunch. It's a good place to get decent slices of pizza and containers of salad very quickly and fairly inexpensively. The pizza is thin and typical (it's not gourmet or anything, and it is heated again when you order it). The line moves fast and there's plenty of seating. Good for a drunken night or a fast lunch.
So I'm going to let you all in on a little secret....Pizza My Heart makes some of the best bread sticks around.  They aren't on the menu, but if you make a special request, they will bake fresh a medium pizza size portion of bread-sticks all dusted with garlic, Parmesan and seasonings for just under $5.  I think this is a pretty good deal, as I rarely eat a whole serving and they are just as good if you pop them in the oven the next day. Also, they come accompanied with a cheesy butter spread (reminiscent of that great spread they used to serve at the chain of Florentine restaurants around the bay area for those of you who remember).  Don't let them forget to include it though!  They've pulled that on us a couple of times. On a whole Pizza My Heart makes decent pizza which is particularly satisfying late night.  I still don't think it holds a candle to Pizza-a-go-go which it replaced, but maybe that is more nostalgia than anything else.    The salads are good, the pizza comes in a wide variety, prices are right, and slices are quickly ready for consumption....but it is the breads ticks that make my trip more than worthwhile.
During the Day this is a great place and great atmosphere to bring the family and have pizza. But once it hits about midnight on a friday or saturday night, you will want to keep your kids away for good. It is filled with druken idiots and the cashiers start to care less and things just get plain messy, not to mention the high school kids who hang out outside the place around that time. It is just a drug infested mess!
I wouldn't not go here, but it wouldn't be my first choice
I like this pizza a lot, I go here after I hit up the bars in PA and its delicious after you have the beer munchies.....Try the rasberrry vinegerette its amazing on top of your slice of pizza.....my favorite!
I Eat here way too often for lunch. But its the best pizza around and the nightlife crew is fun around 2am. Plus they have bottled cokes. Leave one for me!
The pizza here is okay. The prices are good. They have pretty good salads. This is a good place if you are in a hurry to get some grub on University Ave.  It is located right next to a square that is usually a gathering places for idiots protesting one cause or another.
Very clean, chill, friendly.. they also have the 106 flavors or soda machine! Grape Sprite? Strawberry Coke? So goood..... I've been there a number of time and will keep going back the pizza is bomb the salads are bomb :) I'll be back ;)
Everyone is so drunk at this place in the wee hours that they believed I was really British. A couple at the cash register bowed in deference to me because I was a "British one." I stole a ranch sauce; don't know if that was legal. Also, the pair surfing pictures were interesting! Pizza is so greasy it sticks to the paper plate, but a quick alcohol-soaker-upper that is As-Seen-on-TV-status. Totally enjoy the long lines and the random people talking crazily. You just have to be patient with the crowds, but I totally imagine this place to be family loving and more pleasant during the day. -Matt
Another one of those great places drunks may dine at after a long night's worth of partying in the area of PA. Make sure to get there before all the drunks come out though. If you don't, you'll be waiting for a while... I recommend arriving around 1:15AM if you don't want to be stuck in a long line. As far as the food, it's pretty decent and cheap. At, $4, who could possibly complain about a big ass slice of pizza? 3 stars.
Cheap, tacky, ridiculous... Palo Alto's primo stoner hangout...but hey, I'm all about the pizza.
Just had the Big Sur pizza from the Palo Alto location for the first time.  A very good pizza with great ingredients -  chunks of garlic, mushrooms, pepperoni, sausage, and more.  Definitely a cut above the average pizza you find in the Bay Area.
This place is so fun and I have so many good memories here. Great after an old movie at the Stanford Theatre. Slices are big and the greek salads are always fresh. Employees are really nice too!!
This is definitely the best quick slice in downtown Palo Alto. The crust is more or less perfect, there's the right ratio of cheese to sauce, the toppings are fresh, all-around a great slice. And the place is clean and the staff are friendly. Plus you get to gaze at photos of good-looking surfers on the walls while you eat.
The fact that high schoolers come here by tradition doesn't hide the fact that the actual pizza itself is pretty gross and bland. One of those places that I don't mind coming back to every year or so, but two times would be one too many.
HUGE SLICES and thank you for delivering to the hospital (LPCH)! My first time trying Pizza My Heart and delicious. I believe I tried the vegetable one.. sorry I forgot. I've also been to this location after a night of dancing. It definitely gets crowded after everyone leave's Rudy's or B412. Thanks for an awesome service at night, though!
Alright but nothing special and definitely expensive. I've ordered on other people's dime like the cheapskate I am, but I wouldn't get my pizza here if I were paying... Cheese is mediocre and the crust is hard for my tastes...
I've been to other Pizza My Hearts so overall I believe their pizza is fairly tasty, not the best, but in the medium rank. My review is going to be more about the location. The Stanford college town feel of this location gives it a more pleasant ambiance. The place is packed and I was there at 1am with the line still growing and people are chilling and eating outside. There's a street band stay playing music and the area is nicely lit. So if you're around, stop by and treat yourself a nice slice and shirt for $5.
Really like Pizza My Heart regardless of its location, especially when I can purchase a slice and get a T-shirt for a mere $5!
I am a thin crust pizza girl all the way and this place rocks when it comes to that.  The slices are HUGE and they always heat them up before they give them to you so they are nice and hot.  The place is totally surfer girl/guy with big booths next to pictures lining the walls of surfers doing their thing back in the day (i.e. so probably when I was a little kid or before I was born - black and white photos).  I always just take a Ranch and no one ever says a word and this place is open super late which is nice for an area where everything closes when my mom goes to bed.  So, thin crust (pepperoni with mushrooms please), friends, beer, and an easy inexpensive good time.
Pizza is good, staff is horrible: rude, immature teenagers!!
Online ordering is convenient and accurate.  Pizza is also quite good although maybe a little stingy on the sausage.
The pizza here isn't nothing to be gong ho about. To me, it tasted like a normal pizza with nothing special about it. I did like that it was somewhat roomy and the employees were pretty nice.
Pizza My Heart in Palo Alto was good, like, 7 years ago.  I've had other pizzas since, their franchise sprung up everywhere, and, ehhhh, they're not really too good anymore.
I really like the pizza here, what makes it for me is the sauce has a nice spiciness to it. It isn't just a plain tomato sauce. The cheese and assortment of toppings are very good, they have a nice pepperoni. Crust is probably only thing that could be improved, it's not a great crust. It's also a big teen-age hang out, which can be either entertaining or marginally annoying.
Greasy pizza, but where else can you get a shirt and a slice for $5?
I love pizza my heart. I like how the crust is thin and crunchy and the toppings don't slide off. Their spinach salad is good too and perfect with a slice of pizza or if you want to split a slice and a salad with a friend.
The pizza is average and is quite expensive. I know rent in that location has to be quite expensive, but $25 for a 3 topping large pizza is way too much. We definitely will not be going back.
my boyfriend and i have been wanting to try this place for a long time...so we finally went. it was satisfying. the total was $15 for the both of us for salad, pizza, and sodas. i didnt realize til after that the pizza didn't have any tomato sauce...so i guess it tasted fine without it! i had the most amazing slice though w/ all of my favorites (mushrooms, bacon, cheese, green onions, chicken) soo good. the only negative thing was that the crust was really thin...but ill still give it 4 stars because it was still good..and filling.
I never liked Pizza My Heart. They are really greasy and have gone up in price by a buck a slice in the past few years. The pizza is not even that good. Crust sucks, sauce is flavorless, and topping or either over abundant or not that great in texture, quality or freshness. Sure they are open late, sure they are convenient ... but I think Papa Johns just opened in the area too and while I hate Papa Johns, I like the taste of their pizza much more than PMH and they have all the pro's I mentioned for Pizza My Heart in general. If it wasn't for the nice outdoor patio this location has, I probably would never even come here. Last night I grabbed a slice of their Aloha and I swear I have never felt worse the next morning.
4 stars for being an institution, not for quality.  The pizza is acceptable for a quick bite.  I sometimes entertain myself by covering my slice with the green habanjero sauce they have, spending the first few minutes thinking 'that's not bad, I can handle habanjero', but soon after I'll be drinking the soda dispenser dry.
I don't know what I was thinking the last time I wrote a review for Pizza My Heart, but the pizza here is a-mazing. It's not the best pizza I've ever had, you'd have to go to New York for that, but it's comparable. The veggies are always fresh and tasty and the crust (my favorite part) is absolutely delicious. My favorite would have to be the Big Sur. I wish they would expand out to the east!
Friendly place, fresh food. Enormous slices of pizza; which is not a bad thing at all. The only... Read more 
As far as I'm concerned, this place is only good for its bathroom when you really need to go late night!
Their pizza is gross - it literally tastes like cheese on cardboard.  Ok maybe this place is good if you're a college student and/or they've burned off your taste buds. But if you want real pizza, don't come here.  The only pro to this place is that they are open late and they are cheap (which is why it's packed with college kids).  If you're craving pizza...don't come here..you'll end up wishing you were never craving pizza in the first place.  You're better off at Patxi's, Ramona's or North Beach.
Pesto pizza = yummy and huge slices. OK prices. Quite a few workers from local businesses come here for lunch. I agree with everyone that it's a nice place to just hang out.
I would like to preface this by saying that I don't believe that I have ever had their pizza during the light of day, nor without having any alcohol in my system, either.  But after a night of fun in down town Palo Alto, it's pretty damn good.  Smart business strategy to stay open so late... it was always packed whenever I would go (which for a good year of my life was every Saturday), but we always got a seat.  I like their Prima pizza: olive, tomatoes and feta.  Yum.
Pass the Tums, son, that's some good thin crust pesto pizza.  The sizable pool of bright green olive oil made me blush, but ooh!  You can taste the walnuts!
A fan of their combination pizza and Big Sur (garlic) pizza. You can find a lot of drunk/buzzed people here after 2am on Friday/Saturday nights.
i had a bad stomach ache after eating here, not sure if it was from the pizza or drinking 3 beers on an empty stomach beforehand. usefulness of this review:  0
One of the very few restaurants open up super late in downtown Palo Alto.  It gets super packed as club crawlers wander out of bars and clubs with a large case of munchies.  The line can get really long during this time and they do start running out of different pizzas however it's a good place to grab a bite a slice or five before heading home.  Not the best pizzas in the world, but something available and will hit the spot when you need it most.
This place is phenomenal!! They're open after all the bars close so it's a great place to grab a bite of whatever's left and sober up after a night of drinks. Great employees and AMAZING food!!!!
My last experience was quite unpleasant. I asked for a specific slice of pepperoni pizza and the pizza server, Evette, gave me a great deal of attitude about it. She said that all the slices are the same and begrudgingly gave me the slice that I asked for. When I received my slice it was the wrong one. Maybe it was a mistake or maybe it was out of spite. I don't know I believe I have a right to ask for a specific slice at a pizza without being lectured about it. I would not go here unless I had a pizza emergency and Patxis and Round Table were closed.
Average pizza, good location. Perfect place to get a bite after drinking in Palo Alto, although it isn't like the jumbo slice places in D.C. Ahhh, jumbo slice, how I miss you (although you did kind of taste like ass, even through 7 or 8 beers).
Crappy, flat, cardboardy pizza.  But it's open late, and when you're drunk, it's quite serviceable and satisfying.
Home of the teen loiterer and post bar run drunk. 2 slices of pepperoni and a soda for $7. Great for a quick bite or post drink binge.
Yes, late night drunk food!  This place is about as close as it gets to keepin it real in a sort of college town.  Get whatever slice looks best (yes, it is safe to judge them on that basis and the pesto is always awesome), grab a cherry coke, inhale the 420 special from the square next door, and sober up while pretending you are not in a yuppie infested suburban wasteland that closed four hours and twenty years ago.
So, roommate and I just had some hookah and now we're hungry -- this place is open at like 1:30 or 2 AM. Score. The place was rather busy for that time however still clean and still working on pizzas. We both wanted a slice of Big Sur and he wanted a combo but alas the Big Sur was gone so we opted for combo. Just as he's about to choose the alternative to the second pizza the Big Sur comes out and now we both have two slices (whereas I only wanted one). The Big Sur was great and kinda wish I had two slices of that instead, the other was sort of bland.
Decent late-night pizza option when everything else is closed! And they have cholula!
I try to stay away from PMH, just coz its taken on a certain trendy following, it seems. But i was pleased when i ordered 2 slices of pizza. The guy threw in a extra mini scrap... so i had 2.5 slices..... I was thrilled & feeling a bit full afterwards. : )
Come on a slice of pizza and a t-shirt I can mail back to my kids I taught in Africa, for $5... sounds like a good deal! Pizza was good, ambiance was fun. Boys who were running the counter were interactive and attentive (found the t-shirt size I was looking for) Great of late night eats (that place was certainly more crowded at midnight). I am a fan of Big Sur!
best after a night out in palo alto beware of the long lines that gather and the possibility that they might run out of pizza while youre in line!! but when the drunk munchies come, you must obey.. thus you order: - big sur - maui wowie - pesto
many many years ago pizza my heart first stole a piece of my heart (puns def intended) right in this location...since then i've been to a handful of its locations all over the bay area and love each and every slice of pizza i've had... my favorite are: pizzas: the veggie, the big sur, and the prima...AWESOME! salad: the greek with the vinaigrette dressing drink: cherry coke (fountain!) between their awesome food, easy to collect punches on their punch cards, and the "T-shirt + slice" = $5 this place is hard to beat!!! well, no, it could be beat if only they'd make their awesome Ts sized for girls...i swear i'd probably have one of each location i'd ever been to...THEN it would be PERFECT!
I've had the cheese pizza and mushroom pizza from Pizza my Heart and although I can appreciate it for not being too greasy, I don't get the logic behind their cardboard-like crust. A definite pass in the future for me.
Pizza is ok (somehow the quality varies by the town). Service is cool, and the place is very bright.
The servers are pleasant, and the park outside is a great place to park the pooch when you grab a bite. The pizza is NY style - thin crust, greasy, heavy on the cheese. Tastes like home.
Not bad pizza to get by the slice, well lit restaurant at University and Emerson.  Good place to go after seeing a movie at the Aquarius.
Pretty solid new york style pizza. Being a surfer myself, i like the surf theme they have going on. I also like the fresh veggies (especially the artichokes) on the pizza. This place is solid, but not a place im going to take someone if they come to visit for a few days.
Delicious thin crust and fresh toppings is what makes it so good.
All PMH's are about the same, but this location downtown palo alto is so comfortable and beautiful inside! The Burger KIng that used to be here was  like a shell fly strip for the homeless and the druggies back in the day!  It's also a great inexpensive go-to place when your hungry and low on the dough! LOL!
Pizza by the slice open late! Ok food, reasonable prices. Good for when you're in a hurry or late at night. An extra star for always being there when I'm hungry and buzzed from the bars at 10:30pm.
If I ever meet up with anyone in Palo Alto, we meet at Pizza My Heart.  I think that's what all high schoolers do.  Pizza My Heart has always been more of a meeting place than a place to eat.  The pizza is not at all bad though.  Not the best pizza but definitely not shabby.
Good pizza when sober. Great when intoxicated.
It's a pizza joint that isn't great, or horrible. I like the thin crusts, but wish they would keep them in the oven a little longer to get a bit crispier. The Big Sur pizza never disappoints, but that's only if you are a garlic fan since the whole cloves will intimidate most everyone else.
Pizza here is crap.
please don't start your night by coming here. the pizza is nasty. really. it matches the ghetto crowd outside that waits for it on late nights. but there lies pizza my heart's greatest strength: its hours. it's open late. so come here when you and yours are drunk, because that's the only way that this pizza tastes any good. my best memory of this place actually was on a drunken palo alto night after a wedding reception up the street. we stumbled in here with a very well known sports announcer. good times.
Eh.  Pizza's alright--a little bland.  This place wouldn't be my first choice, but if I was in Palo Alto after a late-night out, then I'd come here.  Otherwise, you'll find me dining somewhere else on University Ave.
Great pizza....we've ordered pizza here several time, and have not been disappointed. The pizza are always hot, crisp crust, and loaded with topping.
The pizza is not bad, but nowhere near the best. The problem is that there really isn't any truly fantastic pizza in downtown Palo Alto. There are several good ones, but no great ones. This particular place would rate mediocre. But the one advantage it has over the others is that it has pizzas by the slice, which allows you to try several different types of pizza. The pizzas with meat tend to be greasy, so even though I'll eat ones with meat elsewhere, here I always opt for the vegetarian ones. The vegetarian with artichokes is especially good.
Best place for late night food in Palo Alto, wait, the ONLY place for late night food in Palo Alto.  Perfect stop on the way home from the bars.  Perhaps it's the extreme hunger talking, but it always tastes so good at 1:30am!
This is my favorite lunch spot. PIzza My Heart is the only thin crust that I love and crave. Many of my coworkers love the honey walnut with chicken balsamic salad... i think that's what its called. Its a mixed green with cold chicken strips topped with candied walnuts and goat cheese. The balsamic dressing is to die for! I like dipping my crust in the dressing.
Their pizza is decent, you get a good size for what you pay.  Amici's at Castro is still the best, but I will go here when I don't feel like driving so far.
I only go to pizza my heart after midnight when I'm in palo alto. If you can get your hands on a Stanford directory, they always have a coupon for a free slice. A useful tip: They have ranch dressing next to the their salads...Pour it all over your pizza to make it more delectable.
The pizza here isn't that great.  It's just plain, simple, and oily.  I rather go to Costco.  There's nothing special about it and it's really crowded.
There wasn't a drinking/outdoor seating area until we came along. My boyfriend took the pitcher out & sat in the chairs that are set up for the next door Mediterranean place and there you have it. Pizza My Heart guy didn't seem to like it but he refrained from complaining because he knows my boyfriend would beat him up! hahahaah jk
I heart pizza.  And I now heart Palo Alto because I spend most of my time here these days.  So I heart Pizza My Heart.  Reasonably priced and by the slice: a quick meal on the go.  They also have a very speedy delivery service when we order pizza for the office, and have a good selection of pizzas to choose from.
Somehow there always seems to be a ridiculous amount of Pizza My Heart shirts after a night of sake bombing and clubbing.  Did I have pizza last night?!
No way, wayyyy better than 3 stars. This is a great spot to grab a thin, tasty slice, especially late night. Lots of really good options and for $1 more, you can get a t-shirt! Yes $4 is a lot for a slice of pie, but it's so darn tasty. They also deliver....to my belly....
My friends and I were looking for a relatively quiet place to hangout and chat at that's not a club on a Friday night and found that this was the only non-alcoholic casual place open past midnight on University. Was very very surprised. I wasn't even that hungry so my friend and I shared the veggie pizza, which honestly wasn't bad. I'm not a huge pizza lover so i can't really tell btwn very great pizza or bad pizza, but i'd have to say that it's decent. So if you are in the same situation as I was, this is definitely a place u should hang at =P
First, they call and tell me they can't deliver. Second, they promise me that my credit card won't get charged. Third, I log in to my cc and find the charge. Fourth, they tell me I need to contact the delivery service to figure out a way to get my money back. Fifth, after my strong objections, they claim they'll take care of it. Sixth, I'm calling my cc card and asking for a chargeback. As for the pizza, I've only ever had delivery and the center is soggy and basically inedible.  So, order a large, cut out most of the middle, get charged for it several times and you'll be set.
You know those crappy $5 for 3 pizzas you can buy at Safeway? You know, the ones where you can't tell the difference between the pizza and the cardboard tray you bake it on? This place has made a market out of peddling off similar pizzas by the slice to yuppie drunks and loitering local kids. Ingenious, eh?
I am pretty hard to please when it comes to pizza.  Being from the east coast, I dont like MOST pizza in California.  However, while this place isnt perfect, its a pretty good compromise.  Nice place to get a pretty decent slice of pizza.
Good enough for the price. Not enough variety for by the slice pizzas. This place is great when you just need a place to hang out.
My first experience with Pizza My Heart was a couple years ago when the store I was working at would have them deliver us pizza. I wholeheartedly recommend the Pleasure Point pizza, I like garlic, tomatoes and spinach.. this is the pizza for you. yummy.
Mediocre, slightly overpriced thin style pizza. But: Open late and available by the slice. And it's served on frisbees.  (Why?)
Always a great place to grab a quick bite.  Especially late at night!  Nothing fancy but it gets the job done!
Chicken bacon pizza, nuff said.
The pizza is pretty mediocre, but after midnight on Friday and Saturday nights the atmosphere is truly unique. Manuveur your way around Palo Alto High goths/punks perpetually parked outside the front doors and you'll find yourself having a slice with tipsy Stanford students, dockers-sporting Silicon Valleyites and flashy investment bankers.
The pizza is quite edible, however, I don't think that its the best. I ordered a Hawaiian pizza and it was tasty. I especially like the thin crust.
Great late night pizza! Thin crust too, which makes is fairly healthy.
i had the pepporini slices and they were really tasty. It would have been nice if they were less oily but its not pizza if its not greasy ;).  Though my two slice costed almost papa johns large one topping pizza but taste was really good and crust was perfect. Try you will surely life it.
Pizza is just ok, we ordered the Little Sur and it left a lot to be desired.  The salads are pre-made and taste like it.  Ok if you are walking buy and want a quick slice, I would not go out of my way.
I was excited to try this place after a few people said it was the best pizza in the area. I will respectfully disagree. The pizza is okay, I had the cheese. Of course it's good, it's pizza, but nothing special at all. What I like are the reasonable prices, relatively inexpensive beer on tap, and nice big windows for people watching (we were there on a day of a big protest in the little square in front).
I've only been here twice.  I've been here at 1 am and just after midnight after going to some lame club that I was dragged to.   I would recommend coming just after midnight when the line isn't so long.  I've eaten the pepperoni and combo slices.  It satisfied my buzzed craving and made me very happy.  The toppings are delicious and are everything I can ask for at the hour in the night.  If seeing drunk, rowdy people isn't your thing, stop by during lunchtime!
Great place to pick up a quick slice. The pizza is just as good as the Pizza My Heart in downtown Santa Cruz.
pizza was gross.  Would rather take a punch to the face than to eat at this nasty place.
This place is good if you want just a slice or two. Nice combinations of ingredients. Seating area need more frequent cleaning though.
Greasy, Greasy, Greasy not a big fan of this place. I once had a similar pizza on a vacation to Grease!
I generally have more fun at Pizza My Heart than I do at the bars, but that is really more of an indictment of palo alto nightlife than an achievement of this pizza dump. I enjoy borrowing extra salad dressing, harassing the female highschool employees and getting hit on by middle age women who use words like "young" and "delicious" to describe my drunken disconnect with reality. Other notable events: - having a J passed to me in the bathroom line - paying 20 bucks to get to the front of the line, then buying the last pizza
Ehh its ok, when im cheap and want pizza this is the place i usually end up or with friends and hang out there for a couple hours or a place.
Don't consider this to be thin crust. It's standard american thickness. Pizza is slightly better than a chain but not great. If you are hungry and have less than $10, you can get a slice, a salad and a soda. Pizza slices are reheated when ordered. Same person who was handling money handled my slice bare handed. Nothing exciting here but better than a chain.
When you walk in to PMH, you will always find a long line.  The pizza is good, but not great...thin and sometimes bland.  However, you can't beat 3am pizza after partying on the avenue.  You can refill your own soda which is always a good thing.  Very affordable!
Being that I've grown accustomed to NYC pizza, I've been scouring the peninsula for any remotely decent pizza.  Hallelujah!  Thank you PMH!  The sauce is tasty, the cheese is not too stringy, and the crust is not too thick, although it is floppy.  But all in all, a good slice.
Best Pizza in Palo Alto!  Frequent pizza punch card gives you free soda, salad and pizza every three slices.  My favorite here is the Pesto Pizza.  Open late and a good place to grab a slice and watch Palo Alto pass by from the Plaza.  Great music playing and cool surf and tiki motif.
ok so since i work in palo alto and also party there i've been to Pizza my heart a few times. I'm usually there to either have a pre-drinking snack, or to use the bathroom. but for the most part the pizza is alright, you def. pay for what you get. i don't know what people are talking about with the service because they always treat me well in there, but who knows, i guess im not there enough. but like i said the food is alright, could be better. my one grip is with all the weird people in front, it's like a bunch of nonshowering tree huggers. anyways good stop for a night on the town in downtown PA though.
This pizza is 5 stars at 1am when you are leaving the bars.  When you actually get it at a sober moment....it has sooo much potential.  The size and texture are perfect...chesse is great....types of pizzas are fairly creative (love the pesto).  BUT - the actual taste is just okay.  They need to fix the sauce I think....you can barely taste it.  But again....so much potential....its the closest to NY style pizza that I've found in CA.
Sure the pizza is great, but it gets extremely crowded and I've heard a lot of bad things about managers being inappropriate with young female employees.
It's more hype than anything. The pizza it's certainly not the best but ey if you're hungry what can you do!?
Close by...easy walk!  Love the thin layer and doughy crust!  I ask to keep it in the oven for just a bit longer to get it extra crispy. YUM.
I would like to say I have tried the pizza at this location!!!  However, we have tried to place an order here, for delivery twice & they can't seem to get it together!!!  I would much rather give my business to Pizza My Heart than Round Table, but Round Table is able to get the pizza to us & Pizza My Heart has been unable/unwilling to try.  Oh well, a couple hundred dollars lost each time!  I hope the manager reads this...
the first time i go out in PA, also the first time i try pizza my heart. both experiences - good. after leaving rudy's and watching everyone walk around like a hot mess, finally made our way to PMH. by the time we got there, the line was atrocious - but go figure, we were just part of the masses.  waited outside til the line died down and sat shivering with about 4 cop cars high beaming the area. weee ohh weee ohh weee, weee ohh weee ohh weee finally got the pizza and it was satisfaction. although a little more oily than i would have liked - it was still up to my standards.
I purchased two slices of pizza.  One was a combination with pepperoni and vegggies.  The other had a white sauce, chicken, and bacon.  Both were yummy!   A little pricey though for pizza (~$4/slice).  Don't forget to pick up a rewards card.  You can earn a free slice of pizza, drink, etc.
i used to get this place confused with amici pizza which i dislike. but I LIKE pizza my heart! their big sur makes me feel like i can eat pizza three times a day, every day! if i have enough time before work, and easy parking, I try to get me a slice! i like their soda machine, pretty snazzy, but if you look closely, you're only choosing the syrup for your soda. and pretty cheap 7.75 for a slice, salad and soda! a steal! caesar salad is my fave.
Probably the best NY style pizza in the Palo Alto/Mountain View Area. I know pizza and this isn't that bad compared to some of the garbage people claim to be pizza in the area. The sauce is especially tasty and I wish they put more of it on. My favorite is just their regular pepperoni and sausage. I have to say sometimes it is a little too greasy and the crowd hanging around outside and inside sometimes tends to be odd. However, a great place to go when you are craving pizza late at night.
Not my cup of tea.
acceptable pizza by the slice.  if you are hungry and don't care what you are going to eat, it is fine.  there is no reason to come here deliberately.
Awesome pizzas. They deliver locally. The little sur rocks, too bad they dont offer a slice of that everyday.
average college $4 pizza slice joint with loiterers outside at night.
Pizza My Heart has the best largest thin crust pizza; the pepperoni is fresh and greasless with the right amount of pepperoni, mozzarella, and zesty red sauce. This is definitely excellent hangover food.! The place, including the restrooms are clean. The waiters and waitresses are very nice and knowledgeable. So, for cheep excellent pizza at rock bottom prices, weather a whole pizza or by the slice in a clean atmosphere with friendly knowledgeable service, Pizza My Heart cannot be beat. Keep up the good work guys.!
update: salads have been good ever since. although i do ask every time: "could you please check and make sure the salad is freshly made, and not frozen? thanks." works like a charm!
i'm usually semi-satisfied with pizza my heart - not this time! first of all, a large pizza, 2... Read more 
Well, just a major complaint about putting cilantro in the Chinese chicken salad. Why does everyone want to put cilanto in Chinese chicken salad? Ming's Restaurant does it, too. It's stupid and ruins the salad. Pizza is fine.
quick service, cleen facility, thin crust, great tasting slices, and a funky touchscreen soda  machine......this place rocks!!!!
I love their greek salad and tehir big sur pizza! yum yum in my tum tum! It's good, not greasy, fast and cheap..just like my friend Mieko G! But seriously folks, I went and I've been craving it ever since!
acceptable if you're drunk, not if you're sober.
i come here cuz im drunk. i come here cuz im hungover. the pizza is always fresh and loaded with toppings. if i do come for a proper meal, the salad and slice combo is the way to go. its a little pricier than mcdonalds, but there is no comparing the two.
I've always liked the caesar salads at this place, although sometimes they sell out, especially later in the night.  This place is open until pretty late, and so it's a good place to get late-night feeds.  The pizza is not too heavy, which is also good.  The place tends to get busier the later it is.
Fast lines and yummy fat slices of thin crust pizzas
The pizza is good, but I'd much rather it wasn't crunchy. I LOVED the hot sauce and ranch dressing. Not bad, but I've since discovered much better.
This place is great because it is open late.  We swung by for a slice of pizza after a night out, and it was worth it.  Despite the fact that there was a long line, it moved fairly quickly. I had a slice of the Chicken and Bacon pizza and it was delicious.  I will definitely return here again in the near future.
Looks a little scary inside, but for what it is, a great pizza place. Pretty cheap best of all it's fast! If you know a better place to get a quick pizza send me a message.
nothing beats a couple pieces of drunken pizza while you walk from old pro to rudy's.
Decent thin crust pizza.  They warm up your slice if it is not freshly cooked.  Odd that it was in the oven for a long time but still barely warm.  Better to order something hot out of the oven.
Pepperoni Pizza was average, nothing especial.
I love how this pizza place is open pretty late. Its a really good place to grab a slice of pizza. I remember I went there after I went clubbing. The pizza wasn't bad at all.
Great place for a quick slice of Pizza. I usually get the Maui, with a Walnut Salad, and soda and I'm sitting down eating within 5 minutes of waking in the door.
this place is so good. i went there and we all shared a big pizza (half cheese, quarter hawiian and quarter vegetarian). their salad is the best salad i have ever eaten. it is not greasy so my mom wont put this paper napkin on my pizza. they have thin crust. this is one of the best resturaunts ever.
Poor service, smaller slices, dirty kitchen. I've eaten at 2 other locations and will not stop in this one EVER again. If you are want the good experience of pizza my heart go to any of their other locations.
I loved PMH in Capitola, this one does not have the beach but still has good pizza. :) I really like the quick and easy take out part of this place. It is warm and tastey and ready to go in a couple min.Very good. :)
I found it to be medium to good. Not bad for the price, but nothing to get excited about.
I am really not sure why this place is so loved by some, the pizza was old and left much to be desired. The only time I would consider going here again is when I am intoxicated and need some food on my way home from the bars. Other than that steer clear!!!
Been coming in regularly for the last three years.  Good pizza, crappy, crappy customer service. Called to order a pizza on a busy Saturday night.  I get that they're juggling lots of stuff and that I expect to wait on hold.  No problem.  So I wait and order.  Guy hangs on me mid sentence.  I call back.  Have to wait on hold again.  Girl this time.  I ask about paying by card.  She says I need to give them the card info when I order and the driver will take an impression when he gets there.  Having already explained that I've been hung up on an need to attach a CC to my order info, I start to give the number.  Click.  So I call again.  She's really confused.  Partly because she's talking to other people while she's talking to me.  So finally I just end up holding for the manager (because this really requires a manager?).  And he takes the number and I explain to him what's happened.  I know they're busy, and that's fine.  But if it takes three calls and fifteen minutes just to order a pizza, they're going to start losing business.  Then he suggests that I ought to take mine elsewhere.  ...  Seriously?   Okay.  Done.
the pizza here is consistently bad. thin, soggy, insufficiently reheated slices without much flavor are suitable only for eating when nowhere else in town is open. they get only one star mainly because of the annoyance of running out of pizza before the place closes, and forcing you to deal with panhandlers anytime you sit inside to eat.
