Came back to Oren's and ordered the beef hummus, the Greek salad, and a side of the felafel balls. Everything we ordered was really yummy. I took my mom here and she literally didn't talk to me the entire time (except for the beginning when we were waiting for our food and after she took her first bite to tell me how good the food was. She was too occupied eating to talk to her own daughter!! haha) The greek salad tasted really fresh and the sheep (yes, sheep! err, at least that's what it said on the menu) cheese was tasty.  I thought the beef hummus was a little weird (too much meat! I can't believe I just said that) next time I would just go with the classic hummus.  The whole wheat pita is still dry and cold though- they  need to work on getting it right! The service was better this time around. We got there around 8pm and the restaurant was still full with 4 parties in front of us. Even after we left at around 9:30pm, there were still folks waiting in line. Oren's is always busy. But I wouldn't be surprise...it's really good!
Mmm hummus! if you like hummus, you have to check out oren's hummus shop. Make sure you come EARLY... Read more 
I've only been here once, but so far it is one of my Palo Alto favorites. Simply, tasty Mediterranean food in a pretty casual but busy spot. I really liked the mushroom hummus - no skimping on mushroom quantity or tastiness! The Israeli salad is also what put this at 4 instead of 3 stars - it has the most unexpected, delicious flavor I have tried in a long time. Great place for a weeknight casual dinner.
It's not bad - the plain hummus really is pretty good and I liked the presentation and the pita was delicious. I have to say though, I was disappointed with the tabouleh - it tasted exactly like the Israeli salad, but with quinoa. I felt they could have done a little more with it. The baba ganoush was probably my favorite thing - could have been a little more "eggplant-y", but good nonetheless and the chicken on the chicken skewers was very tender and delicious. Good place for lunch, but I would probably not go back for dinner as it has a very casual atmosphere and it is extremely loud.
The Beef Hummus is awesome, I  really enjoyed it. I also thought there falafel was authentic, same as my trip to Tel-Aviv in March. The Salad sampler was good as well. I would highly recommend this place. I plan on going back next week.
I really love Oren's it's open late, it's always busy, food is consistently good and prices are reasonable. having dinner there reminds me of a summer night in Tel Aviv... a good mood good food place :D
Appalling service. Really rude. We were about to sit down, having been seated by a waiter, when another waiter came out and said that some other people, who were already seated inside dining, wanted to take a table outside, so would we please move? We explained that a waiter was already cleaning the table for us, and the waiter went back inside. Then out came a customer service representative, who said "I gather there is a situation here". We said "There is no situation, we do not want to eat here" and walked away. Thoroughly offputting experience.
The incredibly packed restaurant, really long line, and a hour minimum wait time??? Okay this place has to be good or else why are all these people in here? The location is definitely spot on as it is in the downtown area of Palo Altos, and I should let you know that parking is quite difficult to find in this area, so patience is key!  The restaurant is really tiny, and it literally looks like it was smashed in between two larger restaurants and businesses.  There was only 2 of us, so our wait was a little shorter (this is really not the place for large groups); however, our table was situated in between two other tables where we were literally sharing the table.  It was kind of odd for me as you can hear every word of somebody else's conversation. I ordered the chicken kabob with hummus and basmati rice, and I have to say it's delicious!  The chicken wasn't overcooked and still moist (something I find at a lot of restaurants have difficulty with) and so are the side dishes.  I was glad to hear they had a whole wheat pita option as I've been eating pretty healthy. The service... this is where they kind of miss the mark slightly and really makes me not give it a 5 star review.  First of all, I noticed there was maybe one table runner, one hostess/table runner, and one food prepper - point I'm trying to say, is that there are definitely understaffed.  People who were coming into the restaurant had to wait some time to even get their name on the waiting list and tracking down the waiter was like finding gold as he was running back and forth assisting other tables!  I remember at one point, 4 other tables who have been there way before I was finished at the same time we did, and we all jumped the waiter with 5 checks all at the same time!
WOW!!  AMAZING FRESH PITA! It's extremely cheap too, with each 10 (I'd estimate 6 inch in diameter circles) pitas for only $5, freshly made EVERY DAY!! We came an hour before the place closed so they ran out of whole wheat pita :( but the white was delicious, soft, warm, and the perfect "edible utensil" for hummus. We ordered the classic hummus (which came with olive oil and paprika? on top... the site says "secret sauce") and the babaganoush.  The hummus stayed tasty for about a week, whereas the babaganoush turned acidic and sour tasting within a couple of days.. it DID NOT keep well!!!!!! We took out from the place, and the service was a bit slow but we ordered a bunch of stuff so that might have been why.  My friends enjoyed the food as well! They also have a really cool chalkboard on the wall... explaining why their hummus is so much more nutritious than other products out there.  HOWEVER, it was a TAD suspicious that they said their hummus some number of amino acids that was greater than 20... when there are only 20 amino acids.
Two words: Food Poisoning.  After a terrible night, I need to warn other potential patrons.  On Thu Jun 21 my friend and I had the chicken and the beef skewer's with humus and quinoa at Oren's.  We each had our own, no sharing dishes, and we both got terribly ill.  We think the meat was either undercooked or the cramped space made food prep unsanitary. I have a very strong system, have traveled all over the world, eaten all sorts of foods,  blessed with no food allergies and can only remember being similarly ill once or twice before in my life. Food inspections should be done.
This place rocks!!! They improved in all aspects and my favorite Israeli place!
I have been 3 times to this place, 2 was right when it was opened and the service sucked. Last time... Read more 
Loved it the first time. But the only thing that tastes good is the hummus and falafel. The rest of the dishes are not that good at all.
I thought this place was only okay. While I really did enjoy their hummus and the juicy chicken kebobs, the service and pricing as well as some of the food left A LOT to be desired. I joined two other friends here on a Saturday night at 6:45. We were lucky to get a table, as the line outside was really starting to grow. Unfortunately, it took us until 7:15 to get: (a) menus, (b) another place setting (only 2 present at a table for 4), (c) water, (d) a waiter to come by and take our orders!!!!! Seriously, we sat there for 20 minutes with menus. We waved down three separate people to let them know we were ready to order, and each time, that person said that someone else was coming or that they would be back shortly. We ordered a lot of food. I got the grilled chicken skewers with hummus and basmati rice as my sides. I also ordered a side of falafel. I was pleased with the amount and taste of the chicken, but I was less pleased with the rice, which had a yellow color but very little taste. It was also served cold and had a bunch of hard bits, making me think that it was very old and had dried out. At $11.95, I was a bit surprised that the portion size wasn't gargantuan. I enjoyed the hummus, which was probably the most mild, fresh tasting hummus I've ever had. It went well with their freshly made pita (two varieties, wheat or white). I wasn't able to finish it all, so it was a fairly generous portion. I did enjoy my side of falafel balls. They go for the small, melon-ball sized scoops, and it was topped with a generous amount of tahini sauce. This was probably my favorite side. I also had the opportunity to sample my friend's side of baba ghanoush, which I thought was really good. It was a bit more tangy than others I've tried in the past, but I enjoyed it. I also like the citrusy dipping sauce that came with the sweet potato fries. All in all, the meal was filling and tasty, but definitely not cheap considering what we got. I was a bit disappointed because much of this food is already ready-made, so why the high prices? I probably won't return to dine-in because there are better Mediterranean places with more reasonable prices in the Bay Area and even along University. I would, however, consider stopping by to pick up some of their to-go items though. One final note: I didn't notice it at the time I was eating it, but their hummus is SUPER garlicky. I woke up the next morning (having consumed plenty of water, beer, and brushed my teeth) to notice major garlic breath! Be warned!
WARNING: If you go here, DO NOT try to eat an entire hummus plate yourself. You will either fail or regret it. I wish they had suggested that my friend and I split a plate, because we were both struggling when we left. On the upside, they had the best pita I've ever eaten, the mint lemonade was fresh and delicious, and the falafel was amazing. It's clearly a really popular place, as it was PACKED at lunchtime. Luckily, we only had to wait about 10 minutes for a table. I'd definitely go back, but next time, I'm sharing.
If you think organic/gluten free/natural food is all just a scam to get you to pay an extra dollar for the same food, you can come here and still love everything. Here's what you do. Order a skewer, and the sampler. I loved the eggplant and the carrots so much I got an order to go as well. The hummus of course is simply amazing. It is filling (I suspect because of the olive oil) without feeling heavy or giving you those nasty carb crashes later on.
The dine in experience was decent, I'll give it that much. On a busy Wednesday night (?) it was about a 30 minute wait for two. Keep in mind the restaurant is pretty small, and tables are pretty close together, so don't expect a lot of privacy in your conversations. I got the 1 beef kebab entree with hummus and cucumber salad sides. Just the right amount of hummus, the beef kebab was on the dot for medium, and the cucumber-tomato salad felt light and fresh. My friend ordered the hummus trio entree, and man that bowl is huge! The pictures make the hummus seem smaller than reality, but that amount of hummus is just too much for one person - even if you love hummus. The unlimited pita was nice, but couldn't conquer the bowl. The sides are really good though. The BEST falafel I've ever had here - light and seasoned well. We tried testing out the side sampler, but that's better suited for at least four people. I highly recommend falafel with a grill entree, as the food was solid!
The Shop of No Return Last night was my first and last visit to Oren's Hummus Shop. I was very offended by the disrespectful attitude of the wait staff.  My dining partner and I  had to ask repeatedly for water, for our food, and finally the check. A cluster of waiters stood together at the counter chatting and laughing with each other, ignoring the restaurant patrons. At one point, I wanted to just get up and leave the restaurant; I really don't think the staff would have noticed.  The only reason I remained in the uncomfortable situation was to avoid embarrassing my friend. I cannot even comment on the food, because the unpleasant treatment overpowered our experience.
Food came out cold.. Beef kabob was dry, was not a fan. Mushroom hummus was pretty good. Not a 4 star deserving hummus shop however.
Believe the hype.  I'm a huge hummus snob - if it comes from a grocery store, I eat only Sabra  - and this stuff is the real deal.  Even creamier than sabra if you can believe it.  Our server recommended the Hummus Beef or Hummus Mushrooms and we had one non-beef eater in our group of three so it was an easy decision.  We got the "hummus mushrooms" and also a couple chicken skewers and a side order of falafel balls to go with it. HOLY COW THESE WERE AWESOME. Falafel Balls: super warm and moist, melt in your mouth, a unanimous favorite, easily the best I've had for at least a decade. Chicken: I expected this to be dry and flavorless but it ruled and got even better when dipped in the super thick, creamy hummus. Mushrooms: when combined with the chicken and dipped in the hummus it was a flavorgasm!  Do it. We also got the appetizer sampler which included 3 eggplant things (the creamy one was the best) and three other things: beets (which were as good or bad as any others beets) and the two biggest overall winners: a tart super thick yogurt with some seasoning and oil and some particualrly magically seasons steamed carrots. My fellow diners were big fans of the cole slaw type thing they brought out before we'd ordered, but I thought that was just ok. I also got  a malt star which is like a Guinness / Coke hybrid that's perfectly not too sweet. All in, this was a perfect meal for three.
6pm on a Tuesday: THIS PLACE IS INCREDIBLY LOUD!!!! It was already practically full. Service was friendly and charming, but the food was just A-OK. Hummus: creamy--awesome texture but too strong on tahini Tabule: loved the chunkiness of the cucumbers, but was way too salty Babaganush - creamy and thick--very good Pita: dense, fluffy and fresh Mushroom hummus: distinct with broth flavor and mushrooms. Very good. Chocolate babka:  Delicious I LOVE Israeli and Middle Eastern food and expected to be wowed by this place. I certainly wasn't. But am willing to try again at OFF-PEAK HOURS so I don't have to shout.
I went back with a friend and was originally going to order the chicken pita sandwich but spied someone with a chicken and rice dish so I ordered that instead. Mozy's Rice Bowl (basmati rice, simmered tomatoes, onion, garlic, mint and parsley topped with grilled chicken) was probably the best rice and chicken I've ever had.The basmati rice was moist because of the simmered tomatoes and the garlic, mint and onion flavors combined together was perfect. My friend had the chicken kebabs with humus and sweet potato fries. She LOVED these - we kept calling them "crack" and they were perfectly fried without being too soft on the inside. I would give Oren's 5 stars but have to knock off a star because of the wait. We waited a long time for our food and had our server double check our order. If you're in a hurry, get takeout, but if you've got time, get a table.
I went here with the bestie and had a great meal. I was told there would be a wait but since we got... Read more 
Eaten here three times in the last few months ... and love the food. Some misses, of course, but mainly all hits! + Baba ghannoush, falafel, the green and red sauces, beet salad, hummus, labane, lemonade, both the french fries and the sweet potato fries, good beer [Hoegaarden!], friendly service, ... - Long waits on weekends [we waited almost 90 minutes yesterday], very loud.
This is one of our favorite places. We live in Palo Alto and go here all the time. Usually a line cause it's so good. I had to finally write a review because the service was so amazing. I always order an extra skewer of veggies with my kabob and today's veggies did not include eggplant ( usually it's onion, bell peppers, tomatoes, mushrooms, and eggplant). so I asked where the eggplant was. They came back with a free second skewer AND a side dish of eggplant. Always a great dinner.
Very fun atmosphere (hip yet relaxed; relatively family friendly), the service was good, the menu was cool, the food was fine but not great. I have tasted better Israeli food at colleague's homes. Would certainly come back though.
Love when a place has options! Came with a friend and she wanted normal pita and I wanted wheat. Both were soft and warm and delicious with our food. I ordered the beef kebabs with a side of couscous and the best sweet potatoe fries I've had hands down ($12). Light, crispy and still tender. Yum. The portions look mediocre but rest assured you will not leave with an empty stomach. Friendly service, delicious food and a great atmosphere means lines! So be prepared or go early.
Great Service, Good Food and they are open late, what more i could ask for ? Love their sabih and the green harissa sauce has a nice flavor and a zesty kick to it.
Very euro. In a good way :) Hummus is good, but a little sweet for my taste. My favorites were the red harissa hot sauce and the tahini dressing for the Israeli salad. Would definitely come back for more!
Oren's Hummus Shop is "as good as it gets" in the Bay Area as far as we are concerned in regard to Israeli fare. (Disclaimer: We have been back from Israel only less than ten days when we ate at Oren's after having spent two weeks in Haifa, Tel Aviv, Tiberias & Jerusalem and enjoying our family "home cooking" and local resturants.) "Authentic Israeli Resturant in Silicon Valley" does an excellent job in preparing and presenting Israeli favorites including hummus, fresh pita, Israeli chopped salad, Moroccan beets & carrots, babaganush eggplant and shakshuka.  Our Israeli group really enjoyed all of these classic dishes and felt like we were in Old Jaff. During our visit we noted young families and about half of the diners speaking Hebrew. Our overall experience was very good. The resturant is relatively small and cozy not unlike the cafes you would discover in Tel Aviv or Jerusalem. It was very clean and had a nice mixture of sitting arrangements. Note we read about the great reviews and decided to dine early at 5 pm on a Sunday in July to avoid the wait times. It was a smart move, since we instantly got a huge table for 8 and watched the resturant fill up during our time there. Our only recommendation was the music choices which included 1970s James Taylor, Carol King and other classics. Perhaps an occasional Tel Aviv techno pop or classical Israeli music would have made our visit match the food and be perfect! I would highly recommend Oren's Hummus Shop to anyone in the Bay Area seeking "real Israeli" food as either natives or visitors alike, you will not be disappointed! be'te-avon!
Wow.  This is one of those places that you come to with high expectations, ready to be frustrated.  And the long line starts to wear you down, and you start to prepare your angry review that it's overrated.  But then you get your food. And... wow.  You fall in love.  It's just as good as everyone said it was!  I especially like the chicken pita sandwich with hummus and tahini when I'm on the run. Not quite ready to give it five stars, but I'll be back for further investigation.
Our California " connections", the organic, sustainable, healthy fiber ingesting family raved about this place.....so we went.   They knew that we loved Israeli food because we always speak with reverence about " YITSHAK HA'GADOL", a restaurant in Tel Aviv. Oren's Hummus Shop ain't Tel Aviv...but it's as close as we've come...here in the U.S.A. We enjoyed it so much..we visited twice in five days ! The place is small..and the wait was 30 to 40 minutes...but that seems to be the case all over Palo Alto and surroundings.  It was worth the wait. Our table mates, all experienced eaters, suggested some house specials...and we picked the rest. Chicken Skewers...beautifully done.... Hummus, smooooooth and delicious...Two different Israeli salads, perfectly seasoned...Two really spicy eggplant dishes, Baba Ganush and Romanian Eggplant..........red cabbage slaw, Moroccan carrots, Matbucha....a tomato, green pepper, onion and garlic combo, marinated beets, Falafel, Tabule and 4 Beers .....all for 90.00, plus tip. I'll be sure to go again when in CA.
We ate lunch at Oren's today. I'll admit that I was pretty skeptical about what the food as going to taste like, because I had heard that the portions were small and the flavors relatively meh. However, we were pretty pleased overall. We ordered the chicken skewer with herbed couscous and Israeli salad, baba ganoush, Romanian salad, and fava bean hummus with a mix of white and wheat pits. The meal started with a cabbage and bell pepper salad with a vinegary dressing, complimentary. The chicken skewers were juice and flavorful, and the couscous was seasoned well. The Israeli salad was decent, too, although I'm not a huge fan of parsley so be aware that they put a lot on. The baba ganoush and Romanian salads were both hits, as well as the hummus. The big negative were the pitas. Big? Yes. Fluffy? Yes. Tasty? Not in the least. They were simply a flavorless carb carriage for the many delicious toppings. If you want to miss the lines, go in the mid to late afternoon on weekdays.
Great food! Hummus is the signature dish and well worth going there for just some hummus and pita but then....there is the Fatoush salad and kabobs with sweet potato fries. Great food...did I say that already? :-)
So good! hummus, chicken and sides were great. some were a bit sour. price was good.
I didn't know hummus could be the star of an entree, but when you have hummus as delicious as Oren's then it's A-OK. Loved their classic hummus so much I bought some to take home (3.95 for 1/2 lb). It's so rich and flavorful and creamy. I will never look at hummus the same way again. The Mozy's rice bowl is also delicious. I like how it's not overfilled with rice. A perfectly proportioned combination of grilled chicken, basmati rice, and tomatoes. Great for lunch. I would just comment on their peculiar choice of soft Adele music with such a noisy lunchtime crowd. Discordant. Other than that, the hummus takes the cake and I would come here for lunch any day!
Where do I start - Food  is good & fresh:  chicken skewers, tabule, Israeli salad, greek salad, hummus.  Lots of side dishes, freshly baked wheat or white pita bread, and free spicy sauces!   I've practically have eaten everything.  Yummie! Service can get overwhelming with the many customers ordering food to go!
I am stuck between giving Oren's a 4 or 5. It's better than a 4 but not quite a 5. Oren's is a quaint little restaurant that resides on University Ave. which is littered with mostly not-so-good restaurants. It truly is a gem in land of pretentious people.  The prices are reasonable, the food is healthy and the food is good. What more can you ask for? They also have a great open and airy feel to the restaurant. A couple of things must be noted before coming here: 1. Do NOT, I repeat, DO NOT leave this place until you try their Chicken Kebab. I firmly believe this one of the best things on the menu. I've never had a more perfectly cooked Kebab ever. Not to mention it's juicy AND flavorful. 2. Try their special and specialties. I've had the wonderful opportunity of trying their Beef Stew Special (i don't the actual name) but it was essentially a stew on top of farro with a hard boiled egg. IT was DELICIOUS. I never had anything like it. This dish is quite similar to their chicken stew over couscous which is also amazing.  I think it's rare for a restaurant to serve unique items like this. Why not embrace it? 3. Try their apps/sides. I'm a big fan of their sweet potato fries and baba ghanoush. I believe they have the regular and spicy version. Oh and also - try their hummus.  I mean really, can you come to a place that has Hummus in their name and not try it? I think not. Bottom line: Oren's hummus is a great Mediterranean restaurant that has some great "non-traditional" items as well. The food is healthy and tasty, the ambiance is great and the prices are reasonable. It's a definitely MUST try in my book!
Did you know that for three minutes per day that Mt Everest is the third tallest mountain in the world? This is due to the rotation of the earth and the slight tilt of the axis. As the earth shifts the shape of the earth dips less than .0005 percent causing the region where the Himalayas to drop in elevation by as much as 9 percent. How about this, sugar is actually a metal. Sugar cane can only be grown in soil with an extremely high metallic content and as the cane matures and draws water from the soil, sugar is fed through the plant and extracted later in processing plants. And if you were to calculate the price of 100 percent sugar, it would be by far the most highest priced precious metal in the world. But the labor to farm 100 percent sugar content is nearly impossible and would take 150 people 150 years to produce just an ounce of pure sugar. Maybe the above is not at all true, but I will tell you what is. Oren's makes the best hummus I have ever tasted. It wasn't that long ago that I wouldn't even touch hummus. I thought the name was weird and it just seemed to exotic for my bland taste in food. Until one day I took a taste of it at a party (thinking it was a Mexican bean dip) and after that I was hooked. Sine then I have been binging on hummus and eating it by the gallon. I can't get enough of it. I didn't think it could get any better until I recently dropped by Oren's. The hummus is nothing like anything you buy at your local grocery story. Oren's makes a deep, rich and creamy hummus that blows away anything that you have tasted. It's so good that I have dreams about this hummus. They serve it with two pitas (regular or whole wheat) and two side sauces, red and green.  Be warned that the green is very spicy so use that sparingly. Unlike your grocery story version, Oren's makes theirs fresh and uses no preservatives. So the shelf life is not nearly as long. But again this just speaks volumes for the quality and care they take in producing the best hummus in the Bay Area.
I came here with my family for father's day, and actually really liked the food.  I got the beef hummus with chicken skewer's and thought it was delicious.  They give you unlimited pita bread to go with your hummus, so it's really as filling as you want it to be.  There surprisingly was enough meat for me in the hummus, so the chicken skewers might have been a bit unnecessary, but they tasted great, so it was all good. While I'm not a big fan of the whole 'gluten-free', 'vegetarian', etc. kinda life-style, if YOU are, this place is probably awesome for you.  Everything on the menu is labeled for what kinda crazy 'health' benefits it has, so if you only eat certain things, you're probably set here. The biggest downside of this place is probably the price.  The food's good, so I can't complain too much, but I think we paid over $20/person for hummus... (which is the probably the only reason I dislike the whole 'gluten-free' stuff, I feel like I'm paying extra for it). Overall: Great food for not such great prices, but really good for you health nuts.
I very much liked this place.  The hummus is the best hummus i have ever had.  It was fresh and creamy and delicious.  Also had the falafels and some fries. I wish they had dolmas though. Will definitely be back here for some more delicious hummus!
The hubby and i came here on a Saturday at 2:30 PM and this place was STILL packed!  So we sit down and enjoy a glass of water, but I guess since it was so busy our drinks didnt come out for 25 minutes (minus one point for that). The positives: Awesome chicken kabob, hummus is out of this world--where else will you actually find a restaurant importing chickpeas, spices and olives from Israel itself?   The baba ghanoush was good, but not as good as some other places I have gone to.   All in all this is a great place to go to for the chicken and the hummus.  I will definitely try the chicken pita since I see most others enjoy that the most.
Yummy, but expensive. Come here in groups of 2 or else you'll be waiting for a while for a table.
Came here on a Friday night with 3 girl friends. This place is pretty small and is always packed and on busy dinner nights, the line is usually out the door. As it says, they don't take reservations, however, I called ahead of time an was told by the manager that I could call 1 hour before I planned to arrive and the hostess would be able to add my name onto the list. And that's what I did and we got seated about 10 minutes after arriving. We got a classic hummus and the hummus with the mushrooms. The latter came with whole mushrooms and not sliced mushrooms, so they were less flavorful. We also ordered falafels. The falafels are bite-sized but super tasty and not too starchy like some larger falafels that I've had. The pita was not bad, we had a mix of white and whole wheat. Overall the food was good. Although had I wanted meat that night, I may not have enjoyed my experience as much. We ended up pay about $8/person, so super cheap! Minus 1 star because it was LOUD in there. As stated above, the restaurant is small, and the kitchen takes up almost half of the space. The tables are packed pretty closely and everyone is trying to shout over their neighbor.
The Verdict: "Cute place, good beers, tasty food." This place was hustling and bustling on the Wed evening I arrived to meet a friend. The seating is very simple  (picnic-like bench arrangements) and I could sense the potential in the place due to the hungry and happy crowd made of families and smaller paired groups. Our waiter was very prompt and friendly. I ordered the Greek salad and my friend ordered the garbanzo chickpeas with falafel. My Greek salad was well seasoned and all the perfectly bite-sized ingredients tasted fresh. Although I cant recall the name of the wheat beer I ordered, I enjoyed it. They have a nice small selection of specialty beers by the bottle and even some wine. I only once had falafel at another place before I had it again at Oren's. Due to my experience at Oren's, I actually like falafels now. Would I Recommend It? Yes, I will return to try the other items on the menu and to enjoy the fun and energetic ambiance of this cute shop.
I get here at 1030am. There are NO HOURS posted on or around the door, I see 10 workers inside who see my stand out side in the cold, not one person thinks to tell me, sorry we open at 11 or would u like to sit in side or ask what I wanted, sin se I only want some premade hummus to go! This is ridiculous, what ever happened to good customer service, I work on university ave, I'll be sure not to recommend this to my clients. SMH
Guided by the excellent Yelp reviews, we picked this place for our lunch:  disappointing overall. It was very crowded at lunchtime, but we were seated reasonably quickly.  But then--we waited and waited and waited.  We watched as other people seated after us got their order taken... and even got their food... and finally our waiter came to take our order. When the food arrived, the chicken skewers plate looked great--but the chicken was barely warm, and the rice was cold.  The waiter took it back to the kitchen, and brought hot food in a reasonable time, but meanwhile, we had to watch our dining companions eat.  We tried the Israeli salad--very nice, but wouldn't make effort to order it again.  The chicken skewers were sort of fried, where I had expected grilled, and I didn't much like the texture.  The restaurant was SO LOUD that we had to eat without conversation. Won't be back.
Hummus will make you happy! That was the first thing I noticed about this place besides how packed it was. There was a detailed description of what makes their hummus different, such as it being made fresh throughout the day, no preservatives or additives, and significantly fewer calories than the store bought kind. This was the real hummus that you can't find anywhere else short of flying to Tel Aviv. Another big plus was that it is a green business where recycling and composting is done as much as possible. I ordered mint tea, the sampler plate of six mini side dishes, along with hummus and falafel with whole wheat pita bread. The mini side dishes included Romanian eggplant, babaganush eggplant, marinated beets, Moroccan carrots, matbucha (not to be confused with kombucha, but rather stewed tomatoes with garlic and herbs), and labane (yogurt, za'atar, olive oil). This place is definitely on my list of local eateries to recommend.
1 star is over nice and fresh sauces n humus.....with no preservative. 2nd it is open till late......don't see any reason I would come again though......can make fresh humus at home too :)
Food:  Had the Chicken Skewer and my choice of 2 sides (included with the skewer) were the Hummus and the Israeli Chopped Salad--all really delicious.  Whole wheat pita bread is a must. Service:  They get you in and out. Value:  $11.95 for my meal and totally worth it. Atmosphere:  They have a few tables outside and more inside including a communal table.  It gets super crowded during lunch so you may have to wait a bit but it's on University so you have to expect that. Conclusion:  Great food, great value, and normal level of crowdedness for a University Ave weekday lunch.
Unacceptable service... and it is a pity because the food is quite good.
Definitely my favorite hummus house.  Pros: best pita I've ever had, a few excellent dishes like the beef hummus and awesome basics (chili garlic sauce is outstanding, as is the baba ganoush).  We largely do take out and a few times catering to avoid what ends up being a pretty packed place during meals.  I've always received friendly, respectful, and enthusiastic service.  We once took out a very large order and they forgot the pita.  They quickly got it together for us and didn't charge.  Another time they threw in some desserts just to get us excited about the place.  Always excited to eat here.
This place gets really crowded and often boasts a waiting line, for good reason - the food is superb and for a fair price too. It is impossible to leave hungry - they give you a nice portion of hummus, not to mention that you can refill pita bread without charge. Flavorings and sauces are exciting - I have came quite a few times and am consistently impressed with whichever I end up ordering that day - including beef/chicken, and their samplers. Gosh their samplers are a must if you're in the mood for variety and fun.
The menu selection is pretty extensive at Oren's Hummus, but often I need not look beyond the classic hummus. Just hummus for lunch? Yes! With a side of falafel and pita bread. The hummus is creamy and garbanzoey and drizzled with decent olive oil (though I'm not sure why they feel compelled to add  their "secret sauce"). The small falafel balls are moist and flavorful. Finally, excellent homemade pita bread, white or whole wheat (note to self: figure out how to bake this at home).
First, the best thing about this place: the food is totally excellent. It's not cheap, but I think it's worth the price. The worst thing about this plate is service. I'll illustrate with an example. When your wife spills her tasty lemonade down her shirt (not the least because tables are small and lots of people are packed in nearby), a restaurant has a choice on how to react to this. A good restaurant would have a waiter who would notice that she spilled something, and a) come to her help to offer napkins, help with clean up, and ask for her well-being, b) perhaps offer to replace the (basically un-drunk) lemonade to keep customer satisfaction high. Here's how Oren's Hummus Shop handled it. First, nobody responded, even though two people were cleaning the table right next to ours. After a few seconds of using our available napkins, I asked one of the guys cleaning up the table for napkins. "Oh, sure," he said, and continued cleaning the table for another couple of minutes. After it became clear that he wasn't going to come back any time soon to help absorb the lemonade, I just went and grabbed some myself from their kitchen counter. Second, about ten minutes later, some waiter showed up to deliver the food. "Would you like more?" he asked, pointing at the drinks. "Yes, please," said my wife, "I unfortunately spilled it down myself." The waiter looked uncomfortable. "Well, don't worry about it, that's why we have paper." I think he meant that the table wouldn't get ruined, because they laid down tablecloth paper. Sure, but my wife was all covered in lemonade still, to which he expressed no concern for some reason. He also didn't give any lemonade, since "It's hand-made", apparently. Third, eventually, our original waiter arrived and asked how everything was. "Well, it's great, except I spilled pretty much all of the lemonade on myself," said my wife. This waiter also looked uncomfortable. "Oh," he said. And then left to bring us the check. I think the restaurant is certainly technically correct to a) not have to care to help us with our own clumsiness, or b) not have to make it up to us, given that this is our fault. But I think that it's necessary for restaurants to train their employees to be empathetic to their customers, and consider the impact their non-existent customer service will ultimately have. For a relatively expensive place to not go a little bit out of their way to satisfy customers who made a mistake is to lose a chance to make their customers love them. And, in our case, to also lose any chance of these customers ever coming back.
4 stars for the food. 2 stars for the service. Food is tasty and there are many options, but the service is SLOW. This not a place for a quick lunch. Call ahead for take out if you are in a hurry. TIP: When ordering the plate of 2 skewers, they don't give you extra sides. So if you are ordering for two, you are probably better off getting two plates instead of sharing. I experienced this when ordering take-out, maybe the side portions are bigger when you eat in.
The food was okay; the service was terrible. We will not be rushing back.
Amazingly good hummus!  I was walking by and grabbed some to take home and the hummu sand pita was on point!  I didn't give it 5 stars because I have yet to go back to eat an entree, however the four stars was for the great hummus, pita and their great service when I was asking a million question sabout what I should order.  They also gave me sauces to take out with me to go with my hummus. I will be back!
Oren's Hummus Shop is a very nice restaurant on University ave. The Beef Kebab skewer, combined with Sweet Patatoe Fries and Hummus and the most delicious combination for the best price you can get!
Awesome place!!!!!! I love Israel and everything about it!!!!!! This place reminds me of the happy time I used to spend there. Food is fabulous. Hummus,felafel, salads ,everything tastes exactly like it does in Israel.
Fresh baked pita. Best falafel ever! That's pretty much all I got to try, but my friends loved it. I trust their taste, so 5 stars for now. I'm coming back to check more dishes. Will update if needed.
I really like Oren's, and after eating there last week it has become one of my favorite places in Palo Alto. I ordered the veggie skewer with hummus and quinoa as my sides. Everything was great--- the hummus with tahini looked and tasted great, the qunioa was done fairly well and the skewer has lots of great spices on it and was perfect. The pita was clearly cared for well, and the service was spot on, too.
Very popular place.  Unique idea and menu.  My family loved the place and probably would give it 4 or 5 stars.  However, I write the reviews.  Service was slow but waiter friendly.  I had the original humus entree with beef kabob.  The humus is very fresh and unique but not great and hard to eat a whole bowl of humus.  It is like trying to eat a whole bowl of dip.  The beef kabobs were ok but underdone and pretty pink in the middle.  My daughter had the chicken kabobs which I tasted and were excellent.  They actually had a really good cab for $8 a glass which was smooth and had a creamy finish typical of a more expensive wine.  My wife had a very large filling salad. Due to the slow service and some mediocre selections I have to give them 3 stars.
This place makes me miss Israel.  I LOVE hummus and this place is da shit!  I highly recommend the food here and they are very good about explaining what is gluten free.  You have to try it!!!
I usually get the Chicken Pita from the togo menu and it's epic all the time. The flavors, service and convenience of this place are just too good for me to shy away. The hummus and the pitas are out of this world. These guys are some of the few doing a gyro *not* on Lavash bread (which I personally really don't like). They do it on the soft pita and its excellent.
I LOVE THE CHICKEN PITA SANDWICH! I have been to Oren's Hummus shop a half dozen times now and I am never disappointed. I really love their chicken pita sandwich. It has hummus, chicken, cucumbers, tomatoes, onions and pickles packed into a pita. It's about $9 and extremely filling. I would recommend this place to everyone! I especially love that I can take my vegan and gluten free friends here and they have a lot of great food to chose from. If you want to be a little extra healthy, they offer wheat pita instead of white flour pitas. My suggestion for anyone who doesn't like to wait is, call the order in. They seem to be busy all the time, so I usually call in my order and by the time I get there, the food is ready to take home.
I see why this place is ALWAYS packed! I doesnt matter what you order here, this is the best place to eat Greek food. I had the falafel pita and Israelic salad. The only down fall is that this place is too small and needs to expand. The take out area is in the middle of the restaurant and you get in the way of the waiters and waitresses while waiting for your order. Other then that good food good service!
I took my Mediterranean food-loving family here recently, and they loved Oren's! Mind you, we waited 45+ mins for a table for four on a Saturday evening around 7:30pm, so definitely 1) get there EARLY, 2) be prepared to wait, or 3) go late, very late. The place was still packed at 9pm when we left. It's THAT good. We ordered the following items: - chicken skewers (2) w/side of israeli salad and quinoa: First reaction, PRICY! $18 for a very small, small amount of chicken. Too bad it was damn good, so I quickly forgot about the price. The chicken was just as good as last time...well-spiced, moist inside, and extremely flavorful. - hummus triangle: The classic flavored hummus topped with garbanzo beans and fava beans. While the garbanzo was a good touch, I wasn't a super fan of the fava beans. Overall, the classic hummus was really good stuff! - falafel balls: Crispy, great flavor! I'm super picky about good falafel and this was very good falafel! - tabule: Oren's uses quinoa instead of couscous in their version. Light, fresh, citrusy. A great accompaniment to the other rich items. - babaganush eggplant: I loved this dish this time around! The smoky flavor was a slightly unusual component to traditional babaganush, but it made for a positively addicting experience! Don't miss this item. Overall, the food is SUPER fresh, probably because the place is so busy. Our server was also very friendly and attentive, which we appreciated, despite the place being packed to the max. My family and I are definitely repeat customers of this spot...just wish the space was a tad larger. P.S. They have free wifi while you wait with a passcode that's available on the bottom of the menu. Nice touch!
University Avenue has an abundance of Mediterranean fare, so much so that it's difficult to decide... Read more 
Great options, nice locations and very friendly service.. The lemonade is superb and the food is very tasty.. they have a lot many veggie options!! I am a fan! :)
YUM!  Fresh food with good quality ingredients.  I tasted the beets, Moroccan carrots, Falaffel, Hummus and Pita and it was all delicious.   I like the concept of the small plates that you can choose several of to form a meal, but I wish the portions were a bit smaller.  I shared the veggies with a friend and we still had a lot leftover.  It was a waste of food and would be nice to get smaller portions and more variety.  Different sized options would work well here. Service was really friendly and efficient.  The place was packed and people were waiting for tables, but the service staff was handling it with grace. Can't wait to return and try a couple of the meat options.
I'm pretty impressed with Oren after having come here on several occasions to go as well as dine in. The food here is fresh, they have WiFi and you can get so many little freebies which is a rarity for restaurants these days. This is the same spot where ZAO noodle shop used to be and I'm so glad Oren moved in instead! They have some killer hummus, suited for all kinds of tastes from more chickpeas to beef and chicken. Their kebobs are good and they have some specialty mediterranean dishes which are also tasty. Reminder, their specialty dishes (i.e. anything that is cooked) tends to be very heavy handed on the oil, even if its olive oil, so beware. They also have free refills on their fresh baked pita or fresh baked wheat pita. The wheat pita is actually quite delicious so I would totally recommend it as an alternative. Get the garlic lemon sauce with it and you will be in hummus heaven!
Awesome hummus. Fantastic meat in the lamb/beef kebab. Solid pita and very good hummus. Top-notch sweet potato fries. Fairly priced. Loud, cramped dining area. Relatively slow and distracted service. Worth it, but probably much better during a slow time and/or day. I'll certainly be back, but I'll be choosy about when.
We came here as a family ( 2 yrs and 8 months old), my wife and i for lunch.  Knowningly that this place will be busy, we came at 11:10am and got sat down right away.  We ordered the Hummus mushroom, chicken and beef kabab.  The beef kabab was dried and not so good; however, both hummus mushroom and chicken were very good! Chicken had curry spice and the hummus wasn't too sweet or salty.  My daughter liked the chicken, so we were very happy. Oh, FYI: under drink section, "Malt", which said "root beer", it isn't it!  It's a none-alcohol Malt or beer. :)
Finally got a chance to eat here, have heard about it for a long time. The food is totally legit, reminds me of being in Tel Aviv, including a whole restaurant full of Israelis :),.  Decor and atmosphere is decidely Palo Alto not Tel Aviv, way more upscale than any hummus place I've been to. Ordered a bunch of the side dishes, hummus, fallafel, Israeli salad, etc.  Everything was good, except the Israeli salad, it was high quality veggies but over salted. A bit surprise was the Pita, very authentic and not sure I've seen any like it around here.  Could have been served a little warmer, but delicious. For a taste of home, if home is Israel, try it!
This place, without a doubt, is my favorite restaurant in Palo Alto for the price. The waiters are all reasonably friendly and the place is nice, but the food is just out of this world. First of all, the hummus is fantastic. I could have a giant bowl of it for dinner with some pita bread and be completely satisfied. Did I mention that their pita bread is delicious as well? However, they somehow managed to serve other things that rival how delicious their hummus is. The last few times I've been, my group ordered the sampler side plate. All 6 sides (baba ganoosh(sp?), seasoned yogurt, israeli cucumber salad, etc) are delicious. The chicken skewers? Delicious. Sweet potato fries? Delicious. Oh, and an added bonus is that it all comes at a very reasonable price. I will definitely be returning here soon.
Freshly made warm pita and hummus are the specialties of this popular casual Israeli restaurant. They even bake Israeli pastries. For those in a hurry, there's a refrigerated case with pre-packed hummus, salads, harissa, labane, baba ganush, etc. The menu has falafel, kebabs, skewers, salads, sides, and pita sandwiches. I thought they would have many kinds of hummus but that isn't the case. They use the Classic hummus as a base and offer different toppings for it (beef, mushrooms, fava beans, etc.). * Classic hummus ($3.95 for 8 oz.): very smooth and creamy, topped with olive oil and parsley, sprinkled with paprika * White pita (5 for $3.50): baked, soft, thick, really good, some of the best pita around * Sabih ($7.95): interesting pita pocket sandwich, house baked thick white pita generously stuffed with creamy chopped hard-boiled egg, creamy hummus, fried eggplant, a bit of tomato, cucumber and pickle. The sandwich was very creamy and lightly spiced. It resembled an egg salad sandwich. I'd prefer to have some more texture in there and some hot sauce (harissa). Oren's uses natural and organic ingredients whenever possible. Apparently they have free wi-fi but the restaurant is so crowded and loud that it doesn't seem like a good camping spot.
Big fan of this place, stopped in for lunch with a friend and got the beef skewer plate with hummus and herbed quinoa as sides.  Didn't like the quinoa much at all and I eat it on a daily basis at home.  Everything else was just delightful though.  The pita bread was good and the spicy green sauce that came with it was my favorite thing here.  Tons of food and price is reasonable enough for downtown PA.  Was extremely busy at lunch and the seating is a little cramped, but other than that, everything else was enjoyable from the food to the service.
I've gone here twice so far; first time it was just me and my boyfriend.  We were out on a walk and decided to try this place out as I'm scouting for good gluten free-option restaurants (my dad has celiac disease) and it looked promising. First of all, one of the staff was extremely helpful and friendly and helped us get a spot outside and water for my boyfriends dog.  The food was great; we got the sampler and the mushroom hummus.  I normally am not a huge hummus fan, but I guess I'd been having mediocre hummus before as what I got was incredibly good.  Everything in the sampler was really good, except maybe the carrots. The second time we went we brought my parents and sister along; now we needed to avoid dairy, gluten and eggs!  Fortunately this wasn't a problem with the menu.  My sister, who has just started cutting out dairy and eggs and was not happy about it, also got their vegan raspberry chocolate cake and was quite happy with it. I tried the original hummus, which was decent but got a little sickening to eat by myself.  I think if you get the other hummus dips it's a little easier to finish it on your own, but I'd still recommend sharing the hummus and getting something else to eat. As a note for those eating gluten-free--they do not offer gluten free pita bread, although of course the hummus doesn't contain any gluten.  Basically, they don't actually convert anything that's normally gluten-containing to gluten-free.  You have the option of buying a GF vegetable platter to dip in hummus but you have to pay a little extra for it.  My dad (has to eat gluten free) got one of the skewers with a side of sweet potato fries and another option (can't remember), which were very good and I think he actually got enough to eat.
Oren's is one of those places that I just cannot shut up about. I apologize to my friends whose ears I have assaulted telling true tales of rapture and ecstasy by way of Oren's. Actually, I'm not sorry. You've been remiss if you've not been here and must atone soon. Like any good Berkeley alum, I snacked on hummus while studying til 4am, but it was always from the store, or occasionally as a side at the one falafel place in town. I never knew that it could be so astonishingly tasty and panty dropping wonderful til I chanced on Oren's a few months ago. I've been monogamous with the hummus beef plate since the first time I visited. I've tried to creep out and try other dishes, but I am too enamored with the beef. Seldom can beef be so good that it tastes chocolatey and spicy, but these are flavors that pop out at me when I rip that pita, scoop up the love, and shove it into my face. Just take a look at that dish-it's hot stuff! The service has always been over the top nice and accommodating, even though they are always extremely busy. From finding an outlet for me to charge my phone, quickly delivering more pita bread after I ravenously eat the original delivery, checking in, filling up water, and squeezing me into a comfy spot after a long day, the staff is always authentically welcoming and attentive. Next time I will try to spit game on some new dishes, but it's going to be tough. Hummus beef gives me that lovin' feeling that I just can't quit. If you need some more lovin in your life, come here with me now for the jubilation.
DELLLIIIIIISSSSHHH !! hands down one of the best hummus' I ever had. Came here for lunch today after reading some yelp reviews, and now I know why people were raving about it. This place is quite small, but super packed with people waiting in line to have a seat. Placed an order to go and received it withing 5-10 minutes. Hummus Mushrooms ($8.75): The classic hummus topped with sauteed muschrooms and onions. This was sooooo good. The mushrooms and onions were sauteed to perfection. Blended it all together and ate it with the warm pita bread and it just went together so well. Full of flavor, it's like a party in my mouth. Beef Kabab ($6.95): I ordered the beef kabab to be placed ontop/with my hummus. It came with 3 pieces, cooked medium rare to my liking. The meat was a bit tough, but still full of flavor. Cut them up into smaller pieces to eat alongside my hummus and pita, and just thinking of it is making my mouth water. Ordered it to-go, so it came with 2 pieces of pita bread, one regular and one whole wheat. Both were fantastic. Definitely a place where I'll come back !!
I will keep it short. Having Israeli parents and being many times in Israel here are my conclusions about Oren's Humus Shop. Humus- Best Hummus in the US. I spent three years in LA and in New York (Little Israel :) and they pride to make the best hummus. Oren Hummus is much better and reminds me of the taste of Hummus In the local restaurants in Israel. When Ever I am in the area I always stop by and never miss a chance to eat this delicious HUMMUS!!
I appreciate that the young staff at Oren's seems to work very hard, and they seem to take pride in providing good customer service.  The hummus in Oren's shop is a bit like a box of chocolates, and I don't mean that it's sweet.  The taste and texture seems to change from one visit to the next....sometimes is tastes great, but....you never know what you're gonna get.
Hummus Shop? Hrm... That piqued my interest. I waited outside, as there's no waiting much area inside.... They just crossed off my name without coming out to cold to say they had a table! WTH? :( Came w/ the bff and a gf of mine and we split a few different plates. Classic hummus - great texture and flavor. Beef Kabob 2 grass Fed beef and lamb. We blended herbs and garlic. yum! So good! Sweet Potato fries. good. not great. Falafel balls topped with Tahini sauce. pretty good and not greasy. crispy! Fresh baked pita and whole wheat pita. both tasted good. you can order half and half of the pita breads. Tabule. quinoa with finely chopped cucumber, onion, tomato, tossed w/ mint parsley and olive oil and lemon juice. this was awesome with the basmati rice! Lots of Gluten free and vegan options. Score!
I can see why Oren's was still packed around 9:30 pm on a weeknight.  This place has the most perfect hummus; it's so smooth, light, and creamy.  Everything we ordered tasted very fresh. Overall it was a delicious and light meal ideal for ending a long day. We ordered a fava bean hummus, falafel balls, and two chicken kabobs.  If you're like me and a fan of fava beans, this dish is worth checking out.  The chicken kabobs were perfectly seasoned and cooked; they were juicy, flavorful, and very tender.  The falafel balls were also nice; light and very crispy. The only thing I would change would be the pitas and this is a matter of personal preference.  I like my pitas to come out steaming hot.  Ours came out slightly warm while other the others room temperature.  All we had to do was ask our servers for hotter pitas, and they were really cool about switching them out.
Delicious!  This place does a variety of authentic Israeli dishes, all of which are excellent.  Don't just get the hummus - try the labane (white cheese) and kebabs, as well as some of the salads.  The price is reasonable and the service is pretty good, though the food didn't come as quickly as I had hoped. The drawbacks? 1) There isn't a lot of seating and this place is very popular.  There will be a wait.  If you come as a large group (like we did) there is not many tables that can seat you.  Unfortunately there was a (smaller) group chillin' out there for over an hour, long after the had finished eating. 2) The "to-go" menu is a choice of 3 pita sandwiches.  While they are good, they are incredible messy to eat (they aren't wraps). Also, they don't do kebabs to go, which is a shame. Luckily, it is possible to buy a lot of their food from a fridge.  So you can always have your Israeli salad party in the comfort of your own home! Final note: skip the goldstar beer.  Yes, it is authentic Israeli beer.  But it is crappy; the equivalent of Israeli Bud Light.
All I have to say is thank goodness I never have to buy the disgusting store bought hummus ever again (unless this places closes).  The hummus tastes just like it did when I traveled to Israel. It even tastes like my mothers home cooked hummus (she is from Israel). The pita bread is baked perfectly is and fantastic too. Oren's is the real deal.  They get 4 stars for the quality of the food. I can't give them 5 because I have never actually sat down to eat there. However they are always busy so that should tell you something.
The service here was a disaster. We were seated. We then sat there for ten minutes without a waiter stopping at our table. Two tables seated after us ordered. So, I went back to the lady who had seated us and told her that nobody had come to our table to take our order yet. Five minutes later nobody had come to our table and we left. No food = no stars.
Wow, creamiest most delicious hummus ever. Hands down. Warm, fresh pita. And the juiciest, tastiest kebab I've ever had (beef-lamb). The chicken rice bowl was just OK. I can't wait to come back!!
Yummy Hummus!! I have learned that one should always go to the shop to have their specialty, and in this case, Hummus! (it's in their name, what else do you need to know?) I have fallen in love with this new type of food since last summer, and most hummus you can find in the market are thin an watery, but Oren's does it thick and packed full of flavour! I luv it!  =)  I also tried they sampler sauce plate, everything is yummy and between that and the hummus dish, you walk away satisfied with a simple yet delicious meal. Oren's has a great location, right in the middle of the happening scene on University ave, they are also priced just in the higher end of a student's budget, so this place packed full of youngster too, giving it a very vibrant atmosphere. Great company! I am looking forward to try more things on their menu.
Meh. The menu is really limited.  The appetizer sampler pretty much doesn't include anything you would actually want to order (e.g., hummus and falafel), so we just got mezze separately.  The hummus had too much tahini in it for my taste (if it tastes like nut-butter, that's the tahini you're tasting).  The pita is very fluffy (too fluffy for pita, it was almost bread).  The falafel balls are amazing.  The rice bowl thing was pretty terrible.  The rice tasted boiled and that is just a crime.  If you want a sandwich, too bad, they're for takeout only.  Boo. The thing that kills me is that the service was lackluster (the servers tend to congregate in the back and had to be asked to refill the water carafe, etc).  Our food didn't come out completely, and (after waiting) I had to ask for it. I might come back for takeout (just the falafel sandwich), but I wouldn't brave the hordes again.
If the review is simply based on the food, it would get 5 stars. But the 2 stars (and I was stretching to give them even that) is for the service. I have 2 complaints- their take out orders has been 100% wrong for me and the owner/manager does not listen or respond to complaints. Take out orders have been wrong First time, a friend ordered 6 plates and a host of sides. I simply had to pick it up. They gave me 2 big bags so I assumed everything was there. When I got to my friend's place, it turned out to be 3 plates and a host of sides, some of which my friend didn't order. The good thing was, when we checked the receipt, they only charged us for what they gave us. But how can they get the order so wrong, from 6 plates to 3??!! Second time, I ordered at the restaurant and the order was repeated back to me. Surely, there could not be any misunderstanding right? Wrong. I got home and found out they forgot to give me one of the appetizers. But this time, I paid for that appetizer and didn't get it!! Complaint to owner listens So I complained to the owner by going to http://shoppaltoalto.com which was the feedback service Oren's had back in May 3, 2012 (when I first complained). I didn't receive any response. I then found the app "Owner Listens" which was ironically, created by the owner of Oren's Hummus, as a way for customers to communicate to the manager/owners of local businesses. I sent a message to Oren's on May 9, 2012- no  response. I sent another message on May 22, 2012- no response. If there is no response, then what is the point of the app? What is the point of feedback? I am really disappointed in their service. I will not order take out again and will think twice before coming here. Oren's- if you're reading, I am still expecting a response.
It was 10:50pm on a Thursday evening when my friend and I were hankering for some food.  I checked Yelp for open locations in Palo Alto and Oren's was the first that came up.  Since I'm a junky for good hummus, I couldn't say no. Of course we didn't realize how late it was when we walked in.  The server was polite and let us sit down even though they  were starting to close up shop.  They informed us that the grill was closed but we could still order falafel.  We both selected a falafel pita sandwich with a side of sweet potato fries to share. I was amazed at the size of the pita, significantly larger than I had been expecting.  The hummus was fantastic, probably one of the best I've had since my trip to Israel.  And I was quite impressed with the falafel.  My friend enjoyed his food so much that he returned two days later so he could have some more. Next time I'll be polite enough to go when they are actually open.  Though I should note they were very busy for 11pm.  They have plenty of seating and the service was prompt.  My pita was appropriately priced ($6.95) for what I received, but I cannot speak for the other options.
This is my new favorite restaurant. I love hummus and was excited when I found this on Yelp! Oren's is conveniently located in downtown Palo Alto. It's a very small restaurant, but well worth squinting for. We arrived for dinner and were amazed at how packed and busy they were. Although the gentleman at the front asked me how many people were in our party (3 of us), he failed to tell me to write my name down. I waited and waited- and finally decided to ask how long the wait was. He later apologized and quickly sat us down- great job! As an appetizer, we ordered their plain hummus with white pita! I fell in love- where have you been all my life?!? The hummus is creamy, smooth and delectable! Perfect texture, consistency and flavor. Never had hummus like this- amazing! The pita was also good, but I cared more for the hummus. As for my entree, I ordered the chicken kabob with tabouleh and quinoa. The  tabouleh was good, the chicken was great and the quinoa lacked a bit of flavor. Their service is outstanding. I quickly got over the bump in the road at the beginning, after our waitress provided outstanding service. She checked on our table a few times, refilled our drinks and accommodated my plate (substituted fries for their tabouleh). For 3 entrees and the hummus, the bill came out to approx $60. I thought the prices were reasonable, service was outstanding and the food was impeccable! I will definitely return for hummus and pita!
MY MENU PICK: Harissa and hummus. Lots and lots of it. SUMMARY: Prepare to hear me rave. This place is everything I want in a restaurant + everything I want in a restaurant that I would like to own myself one day. Choices, pleasantly surprising freebies, gorgeous decor, prompt service, and yummy food. FOOD: I thought I was just ordering chicken skewers with some hummus. I even asked the waitress if it would be enough food. Lo and behold, by the time I was happily munching, our table was crowded with a tangy cabbage salad, green cilantro-y sauce thing, tons of harissa, whole wheat pita, and our plates piled high with sweet potato fries and quinoa. HAPPINESS. (There's a little spot on the menu that says you can ask for any of those 5-6 things for free. Ask for them all.) The chicken could have been the tiniest bit moister, but everything else (super fresh and homemade-y) made up for it. SERVICE: Friendly, attentive. AMBIANCE: Here's where I start sounding corny. I call my favorite decor style "Modernist industrial glam," and Oren's was a good representation of it. I felt like I was eating in a cafeteria-like hotspot on the Lower East Side (unprimped, casual, yet classy).
I came in having incredibly high expectations, and am basing this review only on the few things I tried: Whole Wheat Pita -- nice and fluffy, but was served cool. Would've preferred (and enjoyed!) if it had been a bit warmer Hummus -- quite creamy and delicious, but didn't have as much flavor as I would have expected. Maybe I just like garlic/lemon more than others, but it seemed too tahini-y without enough flavor from the garlic and lemon Romanian Eggplant -- interesting, and definitely worth a try in the sampler. Don't think I would order it again by itself. Matbucha -- pretty disappointing. Tasted a bit like canned tomato sauce... Overall a good experience, but a little disappointing. Will be back to try other things from the menu (baba, skewers, rice bowl/couscous etc.) but might try out some of the other places in town first (Cafe 220, Med. Wraps)
One of the best non-Chinese food I have. We ordered hummus classic and Beef Kabab Both taste good and Tahini tastes sort of like sesame
The food was very good, but the service is not great. Also, the waiters are very dishonest, they added a $5 extra tip onto my debit card that I did not authorize.  I tipped them 20%, but they greedily added more without my authorization. That is very dishonest.  Pay cash to avoid additional unauthorized tip posting to your card transactions.  Will not be back.
Hummus, pita, sides, falafel- awesome Sweet potato fries- the best Service- terrible Take out- check your order before leaving the restaurant
Great hummus.  Like the mint tea.  The only drawback is that it can be kind of loud with close tables.
I love it here! I've been about five times and really can't wait to go back. The atmosphere makes me so happy. It's loud -- sometimes really loud -- and often really crowded, too. But it's loud and crowded in a way that is really comforting to this former East Coaster. The staff is so friendly and great, too, and very generous with the takeout containers if you have leftovers at the end of your exceptionally reasonably-priced meal. The food is FRESH. My favorites include the chopped Israeli salad and those tasty, tasty carrots. I love the lemonade -- it's very strong, very sweet, and has lots of fresh mint leaves for a perfect lemony-minty blend. The falafel are, I think, the best in Palo Alto. They are small, light, and wonderfully crisp on the outside. I am actually not wild about the hummus or the pita. The hummus just isn't quite my style (maybe they use more tahini than I'm used to?) and the bread is pillow-y, which is not a bad thing, but is just not my favorite -- I just want to rewind time, roll the dough out thinner, and then keep it in the oven for longer. I'm not a big fan of the complimentary saucer of cabbage. They are a bit heavy with the smokey flavor in the eggplant dishes, and if it were up to me, I would ban cilantro from the menu. However! These quibbles are minor. So minor. I'm so glad Oren's Hummus Shop opened in Palo Alto. My favorite ambience, super-tasty, super-fresh food -- yum, yum, happiness.
This was quite the treat. With ingredients (and restaurant owners) imported from Israel, the hummus was very well done, a treat to enjoy. The restaurant itself is very simple. White walls and maroon booths, with wooden tables densely packed in near one another. There are plenty of people here, and as the tables are very close together, you may unfortunately catch a bit of the neighboring table's conversation. Three large photographs hang on the wall, of a child showing a three-step process for eating hummus (one step on each photograph): rip, scoop, eat. The shirts of the servers also remind you to "rip, scoop, eat." It's a bit tacky, yet charming all at once. The restaurant is simple, and the menu is equally simple. If you want a hummus plate, you have your choice of one of six. If you want a kebab, you have your choice of one of three. If you want salad, there are only two to choose from. And the specials? Again, only two to choose from. I actually kind of appreciate the limited, but very good options. Too many restaurants out there try to do everything and, in doing so, end up doing nothing. Or, at least, end up doing nothing very well. Service was excellent. So very friendly, willing to help out with the menu, and refilling water glasses and bread efficiently. I went ahead and got the chickpea hummus. At first, the name seemed redundant to me (hummus, by definition, is made from chickpeas), until I realized that they would serve the hummus with marinated chickpeas sprinkled on top of it! It came together very well, and was really tasty. You have your choice of wheat or white pita bread with the hummus, and I got the wheat. It was quite good. The server refilled my pita bread for me whenever asked. The portions were a bit big for one person, so I'd recommend coming with a friend. It's well worth the trip!
I'm updating my review because I received a message from the owner asking "Why not 5 stars?" While I can appreciate a small business would want to have a 5-star rating on Yelp, I feel that it's inappropriate for them to ask me to change my rating.  Sometimes I just feel like writing the positive stuff in my reviews but my star rating reflects the overall impression I had.  So, to answer the question, here's why I didn't give the place 5 stars: - The service has been hit-or-miss. One time, it was a very big miss.  But nothing bad enough to prevent me from returning. - Sometimes it's just too packed in there to have a good experience and it gets really loud. - The vegetable skewer is overpriced for what you get. - The inflexibility of their sampler plate items (they give you what they want, even if you have dietary concerns) is kind of a pain. - The sizing and pricing of their sides perplexes me. I can't get the sampler plate because items have dairy, but ordering a few sides turns in to a math problem because I can only get something like 3 of the "sample" sizes, or I can order the individual side orders which are really big. Those are very minor complaints and I don't want to give the impression that this spot is bad.  It's not!  It just doesn't seem like a 5-star rave location to me. I don't think a four-star review is anything to complain about.  I'm definitely a fan.
The food here is great.  I have been here a few times for lunch, usually takeout because it has been... Read more 
I pine for this place constantly. Everything here is unbelievably good: the hummus (duh), the freshly-baked, pillow-soft pita, the falafel, all the little sampler dishes, the red and green sauces... It's rare for me to rate a place so highly just for the food, but this one deserves it.
Some of the best hummus I've ever had! The falafel sandwich is pretty great. Love the ambience.
Great food, service and atmosphere.  The place always being packed is reflective of it's success.  Love the hummus with mushrooms, and had it with the tasty regular and whole wheat pita bread. Planning on trying the chicken kebab next as recommended by others.
2nd time visitor after swearing I wouldn't be back.  Bad service, mediocre food on first visit. Same rude service (blonde cashier). Same mediocre food. Never again!
The best, creamiest hummus around, hands-down. The chicken skewers are really tasty.  My advice is to buy the 2 skewer plate plus a hummus and babaganoush, and share between spouse + child.  Otherwise, individual entrees can land you on the spendy side of your dining budget. I find the atmosphere and service friendlier at Kan Zeman, but Oren's is a really great alternative, and wins in the hummus category.  The pita is also top notch.  Maybe just a tad below Thea at Santana Row in placement. We'll be back for sure.  Another tip - good takeout to supplement your own cooking.  Add a hummus and pita appy and you're golden.
One of the most amazing mediterranean restaurants around! The hummus is extraordinary, and the pita is all baked fresh in house. You can really tell the difference between fresh homemade pita and store bought-- it's a world apart. The food is also really cheap-- 3 of us ate for $24 (not including tip)-- and were stuffed with leftovers! All in all, an excellent experience and I can't wait to go back for more!
Overall of 3 stars mostly due to service. The place was empty - except for one table of 5, and mine of two - 15 minutes after being seated, no one showed up to ask for orders - owner/manager sitting eatnig his food one table over. Flavor is OK, and portions are medium to small. Price is reasonable, but for the portion it is very expensive - labneh portion is enough for three bites - Tea - served warm - not hot. Bread is great, and warm just right, and the hummus flavor is competitive, but not exceptional - for a speciality place, it should be exceptional.
The name of the restaurant is a bit of a misnomer because the hummus was probably my least favorite thing about the place. They should really just call this place Oren's or maybe Oren's Yummy Plates of Food. Had an order of the mushroom hummus and it didn't really taste like anything special. But everything else we ordered was pretty good! The skewered chicken and beef were awesome, moist, and barbequed perfectly. They were also probably the only meat offerings on the menu as well, so this place is very vegetarian friendly. The sweet potato fries here have got to be the best I've ever eaten. They were served with a creamy aioli sauce and were the perfect amount of sweet and crispy. Service was very attentive and the restaurant overall has a great modern cafe vibe to it. Definitely one of the better places to eat on University Ave.
The pita was delish!! My coworkers were telling me they have the best pitas ever and yes, they were right. So soft and fluffy. I thought the hummus was aite. I got the beef kebob and it was a bit dry, but still tasty. The Jerusalem salad was very fresh, but needed a bit more seasoning. This place gets packed, so you must get there early.
Wow. Just wow. AMAZING dinner. I don't think there's much else to say. Everything we ate was phenomenal. I'm still euphoric over the dinner we had last night.
I went to Oren's a couple weeks ago and tried the hummus, which was fantastic, and I swore to write a review once I had tasted more of their food. I arrived at noon and was seated immediately by a cute gentleman with dragon tattoo running down his arm (the atmosphere was already nice, but he made it better). They were busy but very attentive to each table. I ordered a cup of mint tea and the chicken skewers with a side of hummus and Israeli salad. MMmmMMMmm! The chicken was seasoned perfectly and was very moist, the hummus was smooth and creamy and the Israeli salad was unbelievably fresh! I finished everything and left feeling completely satisfied. I highly recommend this shop! I'll definitely be going back :D
I've been searching the Bay Area for an equivalent to Manhattan's Hummus Place, and Oren's is the closest I've found yet. It also helped that I heard patrons and servers speaking Hebrew to each other at the table next to me. I almost felt like I was back in Tel Aviv! I came in by myself for lunch, on the tail end of the weekday lunch rush. It was a warm day, so I was happy to snag one of the sidewalk tables. I only wish I'd come with a friend, as there were so many things I wanted to try and my stomach just isn't THAT big. I saw how large the hummus entrees were, which would be great for two or more people, but I opted to go with a selection of "sides" instead. Service: Attentive and friendly. Atmosphere: Busy and fun. Food/Drink Mint Lemonade: I was hoping for what I drank all over Israel, which is chopped mint leaves and crushed ice. Make those changes, and I'll order it again! Cabbage: This freebie app was quite tasty, I ate the whole bowl! Hummus: Deliciously creamy and tasty. Israeli Salad: Maybe because it's not summer, the salad was tasteless. It was fresh, but tomatoes and cucumbers had no flavor. Labane: I had to ask for some more zatar, but then this cream cheese-like dish was a great addition to my salad. Wheat Pita: Soft and fluffy, yet strong enough to "rip, scoop, eat"
Aww nice!   Went there about 4 times over the last two weeks, for lunches and dinners.  We've tried sampler plate, hummus, rice with chicken, shakshuka, pretty much half of the menu.  Every single thing was tasty and fresh. Oh, and their mint tea knocked my tastebuds' socks off.
The food is exceptional, and the service is on top of things and friendly, which I congratulate them for because the place is so PACKED. The only problem I'd say is that there doesn't seem to be enough space for everyone that wants to dine, and you may be in for a bit of a wait if you don't want to sit at the bar or front little counter area. All the same, everything we ordered was fresh and delicious. Probably the best hummus I've gotten at a Mediterranean restaurant anywhere, and the falafels and meat are exceptional as well.
One of my favorite places in Palo Alto. Hummus is hella good, pita bread fresh and fluffy. Grilled meats are yummy. I would suggest ordering to go, otherwise you will be waiting because it's always crowded.
First of all, many thanks to Yelp, Yelpers! We discovered this place thats open late thanks to Yelp. Many good things about the restaurant: 1) Playing real good music 2) Clean, good ambience 3) Though not entirely new/unique - there were many new items on the menu 4) Especially LOVED the chilli+garlic sauce and the amba sauce! 5) Mehran was our host for the evening and his service was exemplary 6) Tried a new drink - Kombucha (Water mushroom + ginger + one or two other things). Sweet potato fries were good too. Portions were appropriate, prices were moderate! Will surely go back!
A must try!!! Definitely my type of restaurant! They have a very casual and clean cut atmosphere and whats even better is that they serve healthy/delicious food!  I would give them 4 stars because of the poor quality service but the food makes up for it. I ordered the Mozy Rice Plate which was beyond my expectations. It had mint leaf shavings which was different but gave it a refreshing taste. My boyfriend ordered the hummus beef plate which was alright. It got a bit repetitive to eat since it was only a plate of hummus and taco style beef. I couldn't help but notice the table next to me who had ordered a variety of colorful looking salads. I was so tempted to order one but time was limited. But the salads definitely looked so healthy and deeeeelish! I love how they offer wheat pita bread along with the classic pita bread. Everything about Oren's tastes and looks healthy. They also have an informational summary on their wall explaining how the glycemic level of hummus is 12 (?) which means that it will fill you up and leave you stuffed for a good couple hours. Overall, I love Orens and am definitely coming back to try more items on their menu
After several recommendations, my skeptical partner and I decided to try the hummus here. We were very pleasantly surprised. They have big hummus dishes, great for sharing. We shared a mushroom hummus plate, with big fluffy white pita. It was delicious, and even satisfied my Israeli hummus snob of a boyfriend! There were the obligatory pickles and olives. They even had fresh lemonade, which was just icing on the metaphorical cake. The service was nice, the restaurant was clean and well lit. The food was good. It was a great experience.
After walking by on several different occasions and noticing this place is always packed, I thought it was finally time to try it. It was a good call. The hummus plates are huge, you can easily share between 2-3 people. The pita bread is soft and very fluffy. Incredibly good sweet potato fries. The Israeli malted root beer was a little weird, but kudos for having it...I love any  new beverage experience. Well lit, clean and modern restaurant. Excellent service. My server even offered to take the root beer off my tab if I didn't like it. This place is on the small side, and very busy, so be sure to plan on a bit of a wait.
I've been back since. The service has been better, although sometimes you have to make a scene just so somebody will give you the check. At the end of the day, I like the food here too much to hate on it forever.
I actually have eaten here several times and like most of the food here. Unfortunately, the service... Read more 
YAY!  A place that clearly marks gluten free and vegan! I have come here a few times since they opened and I love it. I found the menu to have many interesting selections for sanitizers that I could not find elsewhere.  I think they are priced 2 for 5 so you can really try everything.  I liked the eggplant dish the best. Both times I have gotten the kabob plate as a main dish, which comes with 2 sides (listed).  You have about 4/5 to choose from which I like.  I love that they serve red and green harissa sauce too! Great food and great prices, I will continue to come here. The place is on the smaller side so if you come on a busy night you may have to wait, but you can also get some of the food to go!
One of the best Hummus I had. I got the Chicken Kebab with Hummus. The give you free Green & Red Sauces with warm and fresh Pita, as much as you want, and those are the best part of the whole meal. I barely ate the chicken (though it was very good), I was indulging myself with the Hummus and the spicy green & red sauces  with the Pita. Couldn't get myself to stop until i was out of hummus. Service: I did have to wait a while before someone came and took my order, but no complaints after that. The guy kept coming back to ask if i needed more sauces and fresh pita.
A hummus shop? You can get hummus anywhere these days. You can throw a dart and hit some place that sells hummus. It's like basing a restaurant around biscotti. What a bad idea. Only it's not. Oren's has become my go-to vegan tapas joint. At least once a week my wife and I sit down at one of their counters and get an order of hummus, 3 sides, a lemonade and pita. I've been eating so-called American-style Middle Eastern fast food for 3 decades now, so I consider myself an amateur expert in hummus, falafel, baba ganoush and tabbouleh. My all-time favorite was a step-down Lebanese place across from the courthouse in New Brunswick, NJ. My theory is that each region has their own idea of what constitutes proper falafel, hummus, etc., and that leads to situations like what we have now on University Avenue, with 3-4 places serving falafel and hummus, and all different. I'm quite sure the Lebanese have decided that the Israeli hummus is horrible, and that the Israelis make nasty comments about the Turkish falafel. My point is that, to a degree, what you consider "good" hummus depends upon what you grew up with. So Oren's is the Israeli hummus place. And as far as I can tell, the most distinguishing twist on the cuisine that is evident at Oren's is their doughy pita bread. They have it in white and wheat versions, and you can get a mix of both. I have determined through blind taste testing that there is no distinction save the color. My first reaction was that this is pita bread like you would find at Panera, or in Missouri. It's too puffy! It's not my favorite, but I have over time gotten used to it, and even like it now. Yes, the falafel balls are small. These are not huge elephant balls. They're delicate fairy balls. They are unassuming balls. These aren't balls that cram your mouth full so you can't breathe. You're going to like Oren's balls, though, because size isn't everything. In fact making his balls smaller might be a deliberate strategy, as it increases the ratio of fried crust to inner ball. I can't believe some people are whining about price here. Perhaps if you get some meat thing it's expensive. I don't know. All I do know is that an elderly vegan couple facing retirement without the prospect of any financial support whatsoever can get stuffed here for under $20, before tip. And I mean stuffed, as in "for god's sake don't ask for more pitas!" Speaking of tips, here's mine: if it's busy and you are only a couple of people, sit at the counter in the back or in the front rather than waiting for a table. It's very comfortable and even fun. I don't know why sitting on a stool is fun, but it works out that way. Service is generally efficient, although a couple times I have waited in despair for my check. Just get up and grab someone, don't sit there and stew like me. Update: I've decided to update my rating to 5 stars after getting an email from Oren's asking if they could improve anything. I did send some suggestions, but I have to be honest that if there is a place that I keep coming back to, that's 5 stars in my book. I mean, what else do I want, dancing girls? Oren's is perfection incarnated in the form of pita and hummus.
I ordered Hummus, Foul & egg.. not bad quality.. staff was very nice.. I liked also the pita (waiter would bring more pitas if needed).. Salad was fresh and tasty.. Falafel was also fresh, but I had better ones.. the mix need to be done differently. I like the interior design, and the area.. this part of Palo Alto feels European.. and I always enjoy after-lunch coffee break here.. 4 stars for Oren's.. as a middle eastern, I always seek for better quality to compete with back-home Hummus.
Some of the best middle eastern food I've had. It has all the authentic flavors, but the ingredients feel super fresh and the recipes updated (quinoa instead of wheat in the tabouli, for instance). Pretty much everything I've ever had there is awesome -- from the hummus all the way the Moroccan carrots and the fresh hot sauces that come free with each meal. There are just a couple downsides: It gets crowded at lunch time. Seating is pretty crammed. Waiters' style is very "matter of fact" so don't be expecting the world's nicest or friendliest service. But still, the great food and value you get here trumps everything else. I haven't been motivated to try any of the other middle eastern places in downtown PA because this is so good. Repeat customer.
The best hummus and babaganoush i've had outside of Israel. You will never go wrong here- by far my favorite restaurant on University Ave. I almost want it to stop getting so popular so I could have it to myself. The pita is fresh, hot, fluffy, and unlimited. My favorite thing to order is skewers with sides of sweet potato fries and herbed quinoa. Other best sides = tabbouleh, falafel, and beets. My mouth is watering as I type this. Go with a friend and share lots of dishes!!
I absolutely love this little Israeli hummus shop right on University. The chicken pita, hummus and especially the labne are to die for, and eating the labne with the zataar sprinkled on it reminded me of being back in the Middle East, it was that good along with the wheat pocket pitas they serve with your meal. For those of you who do not know or have tried labne, it's like this creamy heavy heavy yogurt with a cream cheese like consistency only it's more fun than eating cream cheese! It was a truly authentic experience that you dont normally get unless your in some ethnic neighborhood so go ahead and check it out! Would give the place five stars but the service was a little slow, hopefully it will be awesome next time.
you will be remembering this place until your death bed. it's that good.
Really great Israeli place. I felt like I could have been back in tel aviv! Menu is not extensive but what we ordered was just perfect. The hummus was creamylicious and super flavorful. The pita bread, which they offer white and wheat, was warm fresh and fluffy!! They gave a great Mediterranean cabbage salad they as soon as you sit. Super duper yummy in my tummy. The shashlik was really full of flavor and cooked perfectly. Sweet potato fries were dreamy. And the Israeli salad was seasoned with precision. Only downside are the prices. It is a little pricey. We walked away w those two items and a coke for 36 bucks w tip. It's a must try no matter.
Have been here a few times now.  The service is the worst here.  The first few times was tolerable but this specific visit was the final straw.  Adrian was our waiter and his bedside manner left a lot to be desired.  Had to ask for more tea, never came back to see if the food was OK and then brought the bill and did not even ask if we might like dessert.  The food is so so and I can find good hummus in many other places that is just as good if not better. I also think the Falafel balls are small and way to expensive, over 8 dollars for what you get is a joke.  I think the biggest draw is it offers Israeli's the special pita bread they find in their home country and is difficult to find in other restaurants in the area.  I can eat similar food in  middle eastern restaurant and a little better quality. I think this will be our last visit to Orens.
Went here today for a late lunch around 2pm on a Saturday. Was very busy and we were looking forward to trying out Oren's. We've walked by many times and it always seems to be busy. Here's what we experienced today: ATMOSPHERE The restaurant is aesthetically pleasing. Nice colors, high ceilings, artistic lights, very pretty chalkboard sinage, lots of light and open windows near the entrance. Also have a few sidewalk tables for outdoor dining. It was fairly loud, perhaps due to the high ceilings. SERVICE Pros: Waiter was prompt in taking our order. There was a problem with the food and they were very accommodating. Cons: Had to wait 20 min for my ice tea and our food which seemed too long - especially my ice tea! The check-in after serving food didn't happen. The wait for our check and then the card was long as well. FOOD My boyfriend ordered beef kabob with salad and quinoa.  The meat was way too rare (ordered medium). He had to send back and ultimately he didn't care for the beef. Also the portions were on the small side. It was fine for me but if you're anticipating a big kabob on a stick as my boyfriend was, you may be disappointed as they serve small chunks on the plate. He liked the quinoa and salad. I had the chicken kabob with hummus and sweet potato fries and I really liked my food. They really do have very good hummus and I really enjoyed my sweet potato fries. SERVICE Our waiter was no where to be found when there was an issue with the beef. I caught the eye of another guy who proved to be very professional and attentive. This other guy took the beef, said he'd be back with a new order and told our waiter. Waiter came over to say it would be 5 min and apologized. Just about 5 later he had a new order and placed it 1/2 way on the edge of the table. Unbelievable as it could have so easily fallen on the floor! No follow up either to see if things were good with the second serving of meat. Took quite some time to get our check and close out. Our waiter just didn't seem "service-oriented." COST 2 small kabobs each with 2 small sides and 1 ice tea was $28. That seemed like a lot for what we actually got and we were quite disenchanted with our waiter and my boyfriend didn't care for his meat. SUMMARY Service is poor. Food only ok. Atmosphere is nice, albeit loud. I think the appeal (always crowded) is with the authenticity of the cuisine but it comes at a premium with poor service. Doubt we'll return.
We tried Oren's Hummus Shop Fri 12/9/11.  It's on busy University Ave, it's one dining room that can only fit 49 people max.  Place gets very noisy during the dinner rush Fri night. FREE pickled cabbage to start - tiny dish full.  I liked it fine. FREE tap water - carafe brought to each table. We ordered: Pita bread - wheat or white?  I think wheat is a tiny bit better, but both are good.  Thick & with pocket inside, bready.  Comes w/ side of hot green harrisa sauce & red chili garlic sauce.  Both tasty, I liked the green harrisa sauce better.  Red I found too salty. Chicken kebab entree comes w/ 2 sides $11.95.  B. liked the chicken said it's dark meat.  He picked rice (not good he said) & hummus (he liked). I got: Classic hummus $7.95 - big bowl of creamy hummus w/ olive oil drizzled in the middle.  I liked it. Cup of garlic tomato soup (not on the menu) - we each got a cup & liked it.  I wish it was served hot, mine was kinda barely warm. 3 sides for $6.25: I picked Tabule - i liked it Baba Ganush - good Matbucha - skip, nothing special. They have Israeli Pastries - mamul/rugalach/snowballs.  Saw some ready to buy containers $9.95 in the back.  Also has babkas & challah loaves.  Most of the dips can be bought to-go. You can charge it! Two unisex bathrooms in the back.
Great food at great price combined terrific atmosphere. Plain-but-delicious Israeli-style dishes with very generous portion sizes. Works for both adults and kids. The service used to be slow and annoying at first but got so much better on our last visits. And yes, Hummus makes you happy!
Mmm. So good!
As a dedicated meat-atarian (carnivore?), it's a bit hard for me to be super excited about a place a place whose star dish is hummus.  But I had heard good reviews about Oren's Hummus Shop and had even sampled some of their snacks at a Yelp Elite Event. Located in downtown Palo Alto, Oren's is definitely one of the healthier and also more affordable restaurants in the area.  It's also quite popular and it won't be unusual for you to have a bit of a wait.  We were lucky and found two seats at the window area. The menu is perfect for people who like to share and for people who like to dip in a wide variety of items.  Each order is accompanied by your choice of either fresh pita or wheat pita.  It's all a little carb heavy for me, but I can see the appeal.  Our choices: Beef Hummus - a very large plate of very good quality hummus is served with ground beef.  In initially reading the menu item, I assumed that the beef would be high quality beef kebobs, but I guess that or the chicken is extra.  Was a bit disappointed by the ground beef, but it was tasty.  It's a bit hard to eat alone, so you have to consume a lot of the fairly thick pita to enjoy this. Small plates - we chose a selection of three small plates to enjoy.  Like the hummus, all are essentially dips that are not meant to be enjoyed by themselves but dipped into.  We got the Romanian eggplant, the babaganush, and the matbucha.  The two eggplant dips had a nice smokey flavor and were quite tasty.  As well, as a tomato fan, I enjoyed the matbucha, which was essentially a pureed mix of tomatoes, garlic, and spices. Sweet Potato Fries - we ordered a side dish of these and I enjoyed dipping these into the dips more than the pita. Overall, although I liked the hummus, it's hard for me to consume these dips and sides as a main entree.  I do understand the health benefits that many seem to be shooting for, but as I'm personally trying to cut back on carbs and enjoy more whole vegetables and lean protein, Oren's wasn't my cup of tea. Prices are good, the service is friendly, and they have a good location.  All in all, I'd order the hummus to go to eat slowly as a side, but not a main meal for me. Oren's accepts credit cards, including American Express.
This is the best hummus I have ever eaten!!! Delicious food and fast service! We always go there to eat when me and my boyfriend hang out in dt palo alto!
Fantastic tasty food. The mushroom hummus is very good (as is the beef kabab with sweet potato fries and quinoa as sides). Service was friendly and pretty fast although a little disorganized - there was some confusion on who was "next" in line for a table... which wasn't a problem since the tables were clearing quickly. One other weird thing, they asked us how we wanted our beef cooked (medium vs medium rare), but when we asked the the waitress (shorter, dark, slightly curly hair) who brought out the food which was which she actually said "I don't know," put the food on the table and walked away. Turned out both were done medium and were still very tasty... but she was a little flippant in her response. To be fair, she wasn't the same person who took our orders and was probably helping out. Overall though it was a good eating experience!
I been to my fancy spot downtown Palo Alto last night by myself about 10:15 pm, was feel hella hungry, then decided to get on yelp find some place to have a healthy, non fattening late dinner. Mediterranean food is totally my favorite, When I sitting down here I know I liked this place, Tried to check-in from yelp, but server was down for maintenace. I ordered the HUMMUS MUSHROOM, FALAFEL BALLS, and a small ISRAELI SALAD, yum !!! That's my heaven ! I loved them totally ! Eating something delicous and healthy, I wouldn't worry about to gain weigh at all ! And this restaurant really doing good job for Mediterranean food. I almost ate them all, get the cheak , ONLY ABOUT $16 ?! I asked the waiter : That's it ??? Wow ! I'm gonna to yelp it tonight, I'm happy about what I had for the dinner, and they close at midnight ! I AM SURE will go back to this place, I LOVE Oren's Hummus Shop.!!
My gmail status has been "I want hummus" ever since I tried Oren's Hummus Shop months ago. And even when I got takeout the next day, I'm still craving hummus from this quaint restaurant! During lunch, the restaurant is full of live, laughter and chatter. It's been really crowded the times I went but well worth the wait. Takeout takes about 5-10 minutes. Decor is simple - they have a chalk board full of hummus facts for you to read if you get bored. The service was quick and attentive for us. The cashiers are all pretty cool. My only complaint would be homegirl forgot my pita bread once, so I had to walk back and get it. No biggie. We had a team lunch here and I got to try a lot of different things. I tried: + Hummus Beef ($9.95): Goodness. The hummus is so creamy, fresh and TASTY. As the server's shirt says, you RIP the pita bread (comes with the meal), SCOOP the hummus and EAT. A wonderful blend of flavors and delicious marinated ground beef on top and a dash of high quality olive oil. I usually get this to go as well. + Tahnini Salad: A simple, tasty mix of tomatoes, cucumbers and onions. I like to get a side of this and add it to my Hummus Beef. + Falafel Balls: A bit on the dry side for me but not bad! + Hot Sauces: I can never say no to hot sauce. Yes please. I am not really into the healthy food scene but fresh, delicious, healthy hummus is the way to go. Absolutely mouth-watering, buttery goodness. I am in heaven every time I eat my Hummus Beef. DROOL. They have a separate takeout menu but I always get the Hummus Beef to go, which isn't on that menu. Don't forget the pita bread to RIP, SCOOP and EAT. OH EM GEE, I love you Oren!
Besides fresh, quality food... I came in with the onset of the common cold. The waitress helped me pick out foods to best soothe me, and that was much appreciated. Not only do I come in for food, but I am taken cared of. Mint tea was very soothing for my aching throat and so was my warm, hot risotto. Hummus was good and so was the wheat pita! Hours are good enough for night stalkers.
Menu - limited on meat options. Please cater more to us carnivores. Decor - down to earth, homey. Except the giant chandelier. Service - polite, gets the job done. Free - green cabbage that came immediately after we sat. Not a big fan, 2 stars. Also Free - pita bread that came after we ordered: white & wheat, extra fluffy, warm, and soft, 4 stars. Got - Rice Bowl (Israeli). Chicken slight crisp, good tangy tomato flavor, drizzle yogurt on top for cool soothing flavor. 4 stars. Tried - Bababanus (smokey), Romanian eggplant (good), Falafel (filling loose & has greens. Liked it), Matbucha (also good, strong fresh tomato flavor). Didn't like - Marinated beets, Moroccan carrots. Cost - $11 with tax & tip.
Such good hummus!  The hummus with mushrooms is unlike anything I've ever had. The pita is spongy and dense... and warm... and promptly refilled as soon as you empty your basket. They have spicy sauce things for you to mix into your hummus if you like it spicier.  And trust me, you do. It seems like you don't really get an 'entree' here-- you can! But it seems more like a get-a-bunch-of-sides-and-everyone-splits-them sort of deal.  Or don't split them.  Eat $8.75 worth of hummus yourself.  It's a hard decision to regret.
I'm going to be bossy about this one. Come here solo, sit outside facing University for some fun people watching. Order a glass of wine, the chicken skewers with Israeli salad and rice. The food here is incredible, the pita bread is freshly baked and delicious. I really enjoyed the staff, they were friendly and helpful. There are many choices for good food on University, but this place is great.
Dude this place is "WHAT-EVA!!!!!"  So... this place serves hummus.  Hummus dude. Fucken hummus.  Actually the hummus is pretty off the hook. It's creamy, smooth, it's got tons of olive oil on it and depending on what kind you ordered, they will add in like mushrooms, fucken fava or whatever. It's not bad. What kills it is the horrific "pita bread" they give you to dip it with. First, it's not even fucken pita bread. It's fucken bread that is shaped like a pita and it taste horrible. In every bite that I took, I could taste the yeast. Yeast makes me want to hurl and because I am a cheap fuck I ate it all anyways.  I gotta admit, there is something about hummus that tops you off. I was so full, I didn't eat dinner that day. One other thing about this place. AVOID THE GREEN SAUCE!! I had NO IDEA IT WAS SO GODAMM SPICY!! On my first bite. I dunked that shitty pita into the green sauce and I just wolfed it down. 1 second later, my whole throat was burning and I nearly pissed that bite out of my ass because it was so spicy. I'm not a total puss when it comes to spicy food, but that green sauce is thermo nuclear!
A few of my friends and I went over to this place while hanging out on University today. One of the friends is a chef over at Google and one of his chef friends had suggested he go there. It is awesome. We were a little skeptical about eating foods normally served as sides as dinner but it was so filling! They only have one kind of hummus but there are plenty of different toppings available. Plus, they give you endless spicy sauce and pita bread to supplement your hummus. There is a long list of sides with typical Israeli dishes like tabouleh. Some kebabs and meat toppings for the hummus are available for the meat lovers. I was particularly excited by the many vegan options :) The pitas are pillowy and fluffy. Unlike any pitas I've ever eaten. They were delicious and you could get whole wheat or white (or both). The hummus was beyond amazing. The smoothest hummus we had ever tasted. They imported many of their ingredients including the tahini and I think it made a difference. I think next time I'd like to try one with toppings since we just got the classic. I'll be back!
There are at least 4 middle eastern restaurants within a block or two of here but Oren's does distinguish itself. They are a Israeli restaurant and not a general "Middle Eastern" restaurant and serve Authentic Israeli and organic food.  The decor is simple but nice, the high ceilings are always a nice touch.  It looks like this place is frequented by mostly Israeli which is always a good sign. Why am I rating it only a 3? The food and service were just so-so. I had the sample appetizer plate which came with 8 small items. I only like 1 of them. The beef kebab was decent. I liked the Israeli version of flan which was my favorite part of the email.  The waitress seemed overwhelmed, I was afraid to her for anything in fear of tipping her over the edge. Couple of other notables- Don't fill up on the bread up front. They don't have a full bar which I am not factoring into the review. Not sure if i will go again.
WOO! I've been here for dinner twice now -- the first time I went purely vegetarian with one friend, and the second time I was especially carnivorous with another. I have to say that although both experiences were great, the meaty one was even more delicious! For my vegetarian foray into Oren's, my friend and I split the mushroom hummus plate and a small Israeli salad. We each also selfishly got individual orders of the falafel thanks to an ingenious suggestion from our server: "I don't want you guys to end your friendship arguing over who gets the last falafel," she so wisely advised. Thanks, girl. Being huge mint fans, we also each ordered a glass of minty lemonade. The hummus itself was delicious -- creamy, smooth, mouthwatering -- but I wasn't a huge fan of the preparation of the mushrooms, so I avoided them as I scooped out all the plain hummus I could find. The falafel were very tasty, and I have to say our server was right that we each "needed" our own order. To top it all off, I love Israeli salad, and Oren's is delicious just like the standard. I feel that the "small" order was perfect for the two of us. As far as the lemonade, it was nothing to write home about, but it was fun to try. TIME FOR THE MEAT! Joanna M.'s review inspired me to go with the beef hummus plate when I returned to Oren's last night, and OMG... I think it's safe to say that this dish is like... 30x better than the mushroom one. The beef is perfectly seasoned, and the flavors really complement the hummus. Mmm. In keeping with our meaty adventure, we decided to try one of the chicken skewers a la carte in lieu of the falafel. Uh... hello. Why is this chicken so delicious? Moist, juicy, and also fantastically seasoned, I totally think the skewer is worth its seemingly obnoxious $6.95 price tag. We also stuck with the small Israeli salad, which remains the perfect accompaniment to a meal at Oren's. As my friend happily sipped her mint tea, she couldn't help but talk about how excited she was to come back to Oren's in the future, even though she hadn't even left yet. I couldn't agree more! Service was completely fine last night, but it wasn't as standout as the amazing experience I initially had with our first server, Daniella, who was just superb -- she offered one of the most fun and personable service experiences I've had in awhile, and she definitely made our meal at Oren's that much more enjoyable. She chatted with us about the ambient music and she was also really helpful in explaining the gluten-free options for my future reference (you can order the veggie plate for hummus dipping instead of the pita bread, FYI). Both evenings we made it out of Oren's at about $12 a piece before tip. Nice!
After hearing about this place I decided to check it out last night. i LOVE HUMMUS! The staff was helpful and courteous and they had quite the selection on their menu. I liked you can choose your bread and the bread itself was delicious. I ordered the classic hummus and it was huge! With a side of red/green hot sauce and side of cole slaw (which was unique and different) It was really good but it's too bad I got food poisoning from there and trust me it was from there because I ate nothing different the rest of the day. Anyways I must be allergic to something or something was contaminated. Nonetheless I would recommend this place to other because it's a cute little shop in downtown and how awesome is it that it's a variety of hummus. Looks like I won't be coming back here for a long time..
Pros: - The pita bread is fresh, puffy, cooked on demand in a special oven and is amazing. - The plates of hummus and pita are a surprisingly delicious satisfying meatless meal. - The servers are friendly and patient with people like me that are unfamiliar with the food genre. Cons: - Meat skewers are spendy. - Needs larger Diet Cokes. Conclusion: Oh boy. Every time I pass by this shop I dream of dipping that hot, puffy, fresh pita bread into that creamy, delicious hummus and tahini. But the carbs from that fresh pita bread ...THOSE DELICIOUS CARBS!
Tried dinner here last week, with my daughters.  My vegetarian daughter was telling me I had to try Oren's. Well i was very pleased.  This is in the space that used to be Zao's Noodle Bar.  All 3 of us seriously enjoyed this dinner.  And it is a very good value also. I had the beef dinner, which was excellent.  Got to try the chicken also, which was very good, but I preferred the beef, as did my daughter who ordered the chicken. The hummus was....WOW!!!  very good.  And our side dishes were tremendous.  The sweet potato fries were especially memorable. The service was also very good...our server was very helpful, extremely pleasant and stayed on top of our needs.  The water refills kept coming. We'll be back!!
Wow! I am normally not a fan of Mediterranean food, but this place is awesome! The hummus (which I am normally not a fan of) rocks the house! I also love the chicken skewers... I have eaten here dozens of times and the cook the dish perfectly every time (that doesn't happen often). They also have a small, but nice selection of wine and beers to compliment the food. They have take out items so you can grab and run... all of which are good, but my fav is the chicken pita.
I came here from the other side of the bay with a girlfriend. We were excited to have an Israeli restaurant in our backyard, but unfortunately, the place did not meet expectations. First, the good: the pita. Yes, this is pita worthy of praise, and truly authentic. Second: the hummus. Excellent, as the restaurant name would imply. The bad: their version of a falafel sandwich. What I got was a pita completely smothered in a ridiculous amount of hummus, with some falafel balls stuffed in there, and a sprinkling of diced tomato and cucumber on top. Seriously? My friend got the sampler plate, and liked it.
Pros: Friendly service (when they tend to you) Nice environment / interior design Cons: Too expensive for what is served hard to get service, especially when busy Overall: Nice food, but too slow and expensive to go often
I never even saw this place until my friend told me about it and I would highly recommend it. First of all the ambience of the place is great. It's casual and simple. The tables are a little close together but I think it still works. Our table was literally less than a foot away from the people next to us but it didn't bother me. The place is a little bit loud but everyone there is having a great time. The food is great and tasty and I am sure healthy. My friend and I ordered the classic hummus, chicken satay (or something) to share. There is unlimited bread which is awesome so you get full pretty darn fast. Another bonus? This place opens late!
I've tried a lot of hummus in my day and firmly believe this is the most authentic Israeli hummus you can get next to the ones in Israel! Pair it with their chopped salad and a side of the little falafels - both of which are extremely delicious and flavorful. The restaurant has great vibrant atmosphere and on a nice day be sure to sit outside (if you can score a seat!)
Love this place; the food and atmosphere reminds me of restaurants in Tel Aviv. The hummus, falafel, and israeli salad were fantastic. The Romanian eggplant was a delicious surprise as well -- I ended up buying a container to take home too.
Considering your options in this hood are Cheesecake Factory and Plutos, Oren's is a great alternative, especially because it's not everyday you find an Israeli eatery in your vicinity. I'd love a platter of hummus and some pita bread over a heap of Cheesecake Factory pasta, any day. The decor is great -- super hip, high ceilings, clean and modern while still maintaining that "home style" feel. You almost -- almost -- forget you're in the middle of Palo Alto because it seems like you could be in SOMA (though everyone around you will be dressed like they're from the Silicon Valley). Service is prompt and friendly. Not much waiting if you go during a weekday. We ordered the Hummus Beef and Beef Kebab with quinoa and sweet potato fries. It should be mentioned that this isn't really the type of place that will satisfy you if you're craving a large steak. Most items are for sharing or trying several varieties of food. I really liked the beef kebab, it was flavorful and moist. The hummus beef was good as well, especially with wheat pita. You can leave feeling comfortably full but not heavy. I'd definitely go back again especially if I was craving hummus or a change from the local food fare.
I am a fan of this place . The food is amazing. The hummus is really creamy and smooth. The fatooush is just yum. They have a good variety of sides . The pita bread is soft and fresh. The whole wheat pita bread tastes good . I am going keep coming here and trying the other things. On the flip side,  the place is a little cramped up. We were seated a little too close to the other table almost a part of that family. Service is nice and quick.
I think SLOW would be the theme for Oren's Hummus Shop. Our waiter was horribly slow and inattentive and our food took forever to get to our table - really disappointing. We tried getting the attention of a couple other servers but I guess they were so focused on what they were doing to hear us? It was pretty horrendous. The food itself was decent. I ordered the hummus with mushrooms which comes in a broth. The hummus itself was delicious but I wouldn't order it again because the broth made the whole dish really thin and soupy. The pita is also really disappointing. I know that they make it in house but it has a terrible doughy texture and bland, undercooked flavor. The one highlight was definitely the spicy green and red sauces and the side of falafel balls - both were really tasty! I would definitely come back for something to go - but there are too many other great restaurants with good service in Palo Alto to come back for a real meal.
Excellent menu, friendly staff and great prices! The sampler was an affordable way to try 6 different items at one low price. Wifi was fast & free too!
The only good restaurant in Palo Alto. Because the Foood is excellent!
I fancy myself a bit of a hummus connoisseur, in fact I've even gone to the trouble of making it from scratch (including soaking the chickpeas, cooking them for 1.5 hrs, etc). I've also been to Israel which is where I got hooked on the real thing (not the bastardized stuff you find at Whole Foods). Oren's hummus was solid... it was more lemon-y than usual, but was very smooth and tasted freshly made. I also tried their falafels (great), whole wheat pita (a bit dry), and Jerusalem salad (needs more salt). By 7pm the restaurant was packed to the gills with Israelis who looked like they had finally found a taste of home.
Some friends were visiting from San Diego and I wanted to see them before they head back in the morning.  We decided to get some dinner on University and they chose to try this new hummus joint that sprang up recently.  Ever since it did, it's been outrageously popular and I've been dying to give it a go.  Luckily, my friends had the same thing in mind. We ordered the 2 beef and lamb kabob skewers with quinoa and hummus, mushroom hummus, hummus with beef, chicken rice bowl, and the falafel and sweet potato fry sides.  It was super delicious, especially the kabobs and hummus.  Wow!  Who would have thought a dipping side would be so good!  It's really no wonder to me now why it's so popular, and better yet, it's actually reasonably priced for the area. I don't know who Oren is but he makes a great hummus!  Service was excellent and we ended up leaving a 25% tip because we so enjoyed our meal.  There's some nice tables just outside if you've brought your dog, but it was way too cold to enjoy dinner out there this night.  Seriously though, I underestimated how the food might be here, but it's legit! Food: 9/10 Service: 9/10 Price: $$ Atmosphere: 8/10
Omg hummus that actually tastes good, not some nasty store brand like Trader Joes.   Will be going back soon.
Ordered the beef and lamb kabob combo (perfectly medium-rare,  very juicy, with a nice mix of spices), with sides of sweet potato (crispy, plentiful, but fairly standard), hummus, and an addition of falafels (served hot with a smooth interior, not as grainy as most of my past encounters).  The pita, while clearly homemade, was not the revelation I was hoping for - a bit too dense and lacking in taste.  The hummus however was spectacular - creamy with bold flavors and unusually satisfying for a carnivore like myself.  Also served with a complimentary pickled salad that added a refreshing counterpoint. Hip place - young servers and hipster patrons.  Fills up quick too.
I really like the ambiance here. It's homey and clean. The servers are extremely attentive. The food is fresh and tasty. I like that it's open late on the weekends. Other Palo Alto establishments need to take notice! My only complaint: this place is a bit pricey when compared to its peer group.
Went here for lunch with my wife. Place is clean and service with good, but not great. Hummus was some of the best I have ever had. Fresh pita is amazing too. Would not be shy about sharing. I had the Hummus with beef and my wife had the Hummus with Mushrooms. Both were really good, but we easily could have shared. Pita bread is so good you find yourself continuing to eat and eat. So full from lunch that we skipped dinner that night. Great place to eat, will definitely be back.
I saw some mixed Yelp reviews and came here skeptical. But I was impressed and thus a relatively rare 4 star review for me, the former skeptic. Let me first talk about the Yelp elephant in the room --- the service. We came at 1130 and it was not crowded - basically empty. Service was fast and responsive. By 1215, it was crowded and felt under staffed so good service got harder to accomplish. This is a new place ironing out the kinks. Service may not be good, especially given the crowds. I think there is a solution around this --- come at 11 or 1130 for lunch or 530 6pm for dinner. It's worth it for the food. Food * Hummus triangle. Excellent hummus. I eat a lot of hummus, to the point where I feel withdrawal if Whole Foods' best hummus available is not in our fridge. I feel like I more or less am a hummus snob. And this is excellent hummus, bar none. Nice fluffy white pita bread with it. Massive portion, huge. * Chicken kebab. LOVED the way they cooked it. Soft, flavorful, nicely grilled. Wish the portion was a bit bigger though. * Sweet Potato Fries. Nice, but not that different from, say, Cheesecake Factory' sweet potato fries. What was different was the sauces. Onto that. * Sauces. Both the green spicy one and the red one were excellent. Superb, and this comes from me who as an Indian male with a Mario Batali like talented Mom for a chef, I get to try some incredible flavors and spices. I was impressed by both the sauces. The SP fries with the red sauce = fantastic sweet and salty combo. * Drinks. I got a Diet Coke. Plus points for having Coke Zero. The beer selection is a solid set for $4. Good enough selection. * Prices. Pretty fair for what you get for University Ave. The chicken kebab + Israeli salad + SP fries was $12, and the hummus triangle was $8. I think the ideal lunch would have been the $12 option with hummus and SP fries and chicken. Overall, a very solid 4 star and a very nice addition to downtown Palo Alto.
Such a promising idea to be so, so terribly disappointing. We came in on for dinner on a weekend night.  The place wasn't crowded. At all. And yet they insisted on us sitting directly between two other tables with people, even when half of the restaurant was empty. Awkward. And no question of "Is this ok?" or even seeing if it was acceptable.  I understand saving bigger tables for larger groups, but when there are other tables for two empty and you force me between two other parties, you've increased the odds that I'm going to dislike you and your food.  Restaurants need to keep this in mind - it's not just about food, but also about the experience and making me feel uncomfortable is the likeliest way for me to hate you. Then, when we finally got to order (after waiting quite a while...), we were told we couldn't substitute one kind of hummus for the other on the skewer platter. Why? No clue. They are priced the EXACT SAME, so why can't we make this substitution?  I'm more than understanding of not letting someone pick something more expensive, but if you're going to charge the same price for each kind of hummus, then there is really no logical reason to not allow substitutions. When the food finally showed up, it was merely ok.  The chicken skewer was dark meat (cheap...) and the hummus was really no better than that you could buy in a Sabra package.  They over-lemoned it.  The only thing that was remotely acceptable was the pita and the price.  Will NOT go back and would encourage other people to just avoid this place.
Came here on a Friday night. It's busy yo! We called ahead to check and they were like, if you come right now, we can seat you. We came 15 minutes later, and there was already a line. But it turns out that you can skip the line if you're willing to sit at the bar. The bar is definitely not as picturesque, but we're here for the food right? At least at the bar, you do get to watch it being prepared, which always makes me happy. We ordered the hummus trio, israeli salad side, roast eggplant side, and the beef kabab plate. OMG, it was so uber delicious. The hummus was super creamy. My favorites were the very well seasoned and tender beef kababs, and the israeli salad. If you're not sitting at the bar, the atmosphere is very open, full of light, lots of families. They did a great job, because Zao (the restaurant that was there before), felt narrow and a bit dingy. I want to come back asap and try everything that I can.
Excellent service. Ask for Mehran. He'll treat you like a good friend and take care of you. Their snowballs are the best. Best place to eat mediterranean food especially after 11 pm when everything else closes.
Short story:  Best hummus I've ever had.  Worst service I've ever experienced. We've gone back every week for the last three weeks - we love the food.  The Hummus Triangle is superb.  The sweet potato fries are heavenly.  The tabbouleh is just the way we like it.  The mint tea is not-to-be-missed. The service is truly dreadful.  Legendarily bad.  Our first time, the food was merely slow in getting to us.  The second time, it took forever to place an order and our water glasses were perpetually empty.  This evening, we ordered the hummus -- the star of the show!-- along with two tabboulehs, a beef kebab, a chicken kebab, sweet potato fries and a dish of falafel.  We got sweet potato fries and two dishes of falafel, then watched the rest of our order go to the table next to us -- the occupants of that table complained that it wasn't what they ordered, either.  We asked after the mix-up and eventually got the kebabs.  "Anything else?" the waiter asked.  Well, you know -- the hummus.  It took 40 minutes to get a dish of hummus that is surely served out of a tray in the back. We will go again, for the food and for the lulz.  Just want Yelpers to know what to expect when they come here.
Best hummus ever!! I've tried the plain hummus and the one with beef, both were amazing. It's very creamy and flavorful without being overwhelming to the taste buds. The few times I've been here I shared a few sides and a bowl of hummus with 1 or 2 friends and it works great. This could also work with a bigger group by adding more sides. The bowl of hummus (about $8 I think) is large and plenty to share. I've tried the Israeli salad, the goat cheese, tabouli, and a few other sides that are slipping my mind right now, they were all very very good. I've also gotten the wedge of watermelon which is really just what it sounds like, watermelon. But it's nice and refreshing. Make sure to get as much warm (white or wheat) pita as you'd like...it's free and yummy :) The last time I was there I noticed more menu items up on a bored above the register...something like pita sandwiches. I will have to try one next time!
I love, love, love hummus so I was so excited when we saw Oren's Hummus Shop a few weeks ago. Unfortunately it was after we had already eaten dinner elsewhere so we vowed to come back. We came  on a Thursday evening and were seated right away. Though we were seated right away, it was approximately 10 minutes before we were greeted by our server. I can excuse poor service for excellent food but Oren's sure did disappoint on both fronts - Cons: *The hummus! It's awful! You'd think a place called "Oren's Hummus Shop" would at least have decent hummus #fail *The service is super slow and the tables are crammed together. *For what you get the prices here are steep, even for Palo Alto standards. *Vegetarian skewers - gross gross gross, totally over-seasoned, I would have liked some vegetables with my paprika. Pros: *The pita bread is pretty good, in fact, I'd suggest they change their name from "Oren's Hummus Shop" to "Oren's Pita Shop". It would be much more fitting. *The atmosphere is nice, clean, and inviting (with the exception of being crammed). I loved the huge crystal chandelier in the middle of the restaurant. Bottom line, although Palo Alto is in need of something new to add to the dining scene, Oren's sadly is not the answer. I will stick with The Hummus Guy* for my hummus needs and leave Oren's to the rookies. __________________________ *= The Hummus guy: http://www.yelp.com/biz/...
I love this place!! The prices are very affordable and possibly has some of the best sweet potato fries I've had in my life. Try the tabule, the hummus (with beef, nom nom!), and Israeli pickles and olives. You won't be upset! The only pet peeve I have is that there really isn't a waiting area and it's awkward upon entrance.
I just went here for lunch; it was excellent. I haven't had falafel this good since moving to California 11 years ago. I always thought falafel, like pizza, was one of those foods that would remain indisputably better on the East Coast even though no one can explain why other than with vague theories such as "it's the water". I had the classic hummus plate with a side of five falafel balls. Those proportions are a bit off - I spent about $12 but would've preferred less hummus, and maybe a bit more falafel, for less money. Fortunately there are all kinds of ways to navigate the menu options - you can do all kinds of mixing and matching - so I think next time I'll nail it.
Go for the hummus, but also stay for the falafel, pitas, tahini, and sweet potato fries (with impressive *vertical* ridges). Great value and very generous portions, and everything has been flavorful so far. The first time that I had the falafel, it was perfection like I'd never imagined before for falafel - lightly crispy outside, lightly fluffy inside, and very tasty. The next time, maybe the fry oil temp was a little low, but the contrast btw the outside and inside was less distinct, but it was still delicious. So... the lesson that I learned: you can't go wrong!
According to my Israeli coworkers this is THE place for hummus. Admittedly my coworkers are friends with the owners. But whenever my coworker spoke of the hummus here, his eyes roll into the back of his head. He proclaims about how it is like being at home for him. While I am no hummus connoisseur I did quite enjoy everything brought to our table including the dessert. I don't remember what I ordered was called, but it's the almond jello/pudding like dessert. They are still only a month in business so as expected, there are still some kinks to work out. But I'm sure everything will be a well run machine given the precision of the owners.
Hummus plate + Labane + Chicken Skewers = excellent meal. I love the food at this place. The chicken skewers are very tasty. Make sure you try their Labane too. The only downside is that there isn't much space here and it isn't great for large groups.
I would give you 5 stars, but no knafe?!?! Everyone try it, best $$ mediterean available.
They offer good hummus. The pita is too doughy, however. The service is poor - iffy at best - as they are often inattentive and slow. Their meat dishes have small portions, and I almost never complain about portion sizes at American restaurants unless they're too massive. (See: Obesity Central down University Ave. at the Cheesecake Factory.) Prices are high for what you'd expect, as others have mentioned here. However, that doesn't influence my quality rating of stars here -- as that's what the $$ is for in the Price section above. They try to remain authentic to their Israeli roots and sourcing. And while you will get some heated debates on the "who invented hummus" factor, it's good but not good enough to be among the best. Perhaps most offensive is the ridiculous "Rip Scoop Eat" branding on the walls and employee T-shirts. That tells me nothing about the place, nothing about what differentiates this place from other great hummus makers in the Bay Area. How am I supposed to identify with that as a consumer - other than you think I am a moron and have never figured out how to eat hummus before?
Probably the best hummus in the west coast. Oren's Hummus Shop is an awesome casual place in the nicest location in Palo Alto to get really good Mediterranean/Israeli style food. Some of the highlights are the hummus with mushrooms, the shakshooka, the falafel and romanian eggplant starters, the chicken kebabs and of course they are all served with warm baked in the place pita bread which comes hot and fluffy. if you have room for dessert, try the Bavaria, it is awesome!
Finally a good hummus place. I tasted many in my life and this is one of the best. Strongly recommend to check it out! Great food Great service Great atmosphere
In a nutshell: food - 5*, service 1* It's one of the places that make me wish waiters were required to get certified, just like the mani-pedi ladies.   I wish. 4 or is it 5 options of hummus, all great and fresh, the vegetable salads I grew up on,  some of them made to my mom's spec , like the Romanian eggplant salad of the beet salad.  The BEST pittas in the area, with the proper thickness, fluffiness and taste. Do not miss on the Harissa and the Sjug [served in the twin container, Chinese restaurant style].  Spread them on your pita, on the meat....  Enjoy.  Spicy, moderately hot and oh so good.  And of course, there's falafel and the BEST sweet potatoes fries.  So good as a matter of fact that I order them only if there's someone that I know to eat faster than me, so I won't have too many of them.  Addictingly good they are. Did I mention that the service is bad?  And yet I keep coming back for the food.  It's worth it.  Of course, it helps to come with a no stress attitude, or else you'll get frustrated and won't be able to enjoy the food.
I waited to have eaten two times at Orren's before I posted a review, figuring that it's a brand new restaurant and they may have some kinks to work out. Man, I'm glad I made that choice. The first time I went to Oren's was with a friend after a long day in San Francisco. Neither of us was particularly hungry, but we wanted something to tide us over and were looking for something new: hence, Oren's. We were seated promptly, though at first we couldn't figure out if it was table service or counter ordering, but had to wait an annoying amount of time to get served (even water). I turned out there was a simple mix-up and the waiters weren't sure who had our table. After bringing it to their attention, though, we were immediately taken care of and our food order rushed through the kitchen. We tried the cucumber salad and falafel, both of which were excellent. It was great to be able to mix and match small items from their sides menu, so for the two of us, it was a great night with the exception of the service. There was a couple sitting next to us who had ordered this amazing looking dish: a spiced yogurt with balsamic that you eat with pita. I couldn't stop thinking about it, so I went back last weekend (with the same friend). She ordered hummus (what you're supposed to order at Oren's, no?) and I ordered the yogurt dish with a side of tabule. Both of us were absolutely in heaven, and the service was spot-on. They have free unlimited pita, both white and whole wheat. I'll repeat that so it sinks in... free unlimited pita. Each time we ran out, the waitress was immediately at our table to refill our bread dish. The dishes, though seemingly light with yogurt and hummus, are extremely filling. The best part, though, was the bill. For that whole meal, I left for just over $10! Orren's rocks, and it has absolutely become one of my new staples for downtown Palo Alto.
Chicken Skewers with the taste like in Israel! Pita bread is great and the hummus is also good. The only drawback is that they don't take reservations and you might need to wait for a table to become available. Will be going there again for sure.
This is a bustling, inexpensive Israeli/Middle Eastern cafe and a good place to get a quick bite of hummus, baba ganoush, lemonade, french fries or falafel. Sort of a weird mix, but that's Israeli food to a tee! I started off with a falafel pita sandwich ($6.95). Thankfully Oren's has wholewheat pita as an option (I hate white flour pita). The falafel wasn't great, to be honest. As my sister-in-law pointed out, the falafel pieces themselves were far too dense; I also hated that they were soft on the outside, rather than crispy. Lastly, the herbs and seasonings didn't stand out enough. After eating a few bites of the sandwich, it just fell like a dull chore, and was far too cake-y, bread-y and starch-y in general. We also had side orders of hummus, baba ganush and french fries ($2 a piece in the "3 salad combo"). All of them were competently made, but not the best I've ever had, by any means. The fries could have been crispier, the baba ganush should have been slightly more tart, and the hummus was decent, nothing more. The service was relatively prompt. This place gets crowded easily and it's hard to maneuver in the joint, so e careful, lest you spill someone's drink when creeping by a table. I probably will end up back here as it's open late; that said, I've had much better Middle Eastern food elsewhere. It's a cuisine that's easy to make in a mediocre fashion, but hard to do well.
Best hummus in town! I visited twice since opening and bought food to go. We finished the large hummus container overnight. Was back the next day. Pita bread is delicious. Friendly staff, great location and seating. I will be back.
My beef kebob arrived raw - gross! Avoid! Also, the place is crawling with crying babies for a nice Chuck E Cheese atmosphere.
The food here is fantastic, hummus is always fresh and tasteful, I love the beef kebab with sweet potato fries and hummus. Service is great too! The only thing I would change is the space, it is small, tables are too close together and tables for two are even smaller, plates barely fit, so you need to be extra careful while eating. Also, sometimes you have to wait to long to get a table, once we waited for 40 min, it's better if you are only two but that day we were three. Anyway, the food here makes it all worth it, so I totally recommend it!
Oren's is next door to the ever-popular University Cafe, and is a great place for lunch.  The mediterranean food is very good, and the service friendly.  Other reviewers have mentioned it's a slightly pricey, but given the central location, ambience and power crowd, it's worth it. My faves: - Warm, soft wheat pita bread (so good it appears to be home-made) - Falafel - Hummus If you're looking for a fresh new yummy lunch spot on University Ave, Oren's is a solidly good choice.
Wow!  Twice I have tried to eat here, now.  As a vegetarian who loves Middle Eastern food, I thought I would be well accommodated, but twice I was wrong.  The problem??  Maybe it is racism, though I hope not, but both times people behind my husband and me in line were seated before us, even though they were larger parties.  Then, after seating all these people, we were told the wait would be 45 minutes to an hour!  I hate to say it, but the feeling I have gotten from these two experiences, several months apart, is that if you are not Israeli or other Middle Eastern nationality, they do not want you in their restaurant.  Although neither of us is a Christian, we look rather WASPish (I am a Buddhist, my husband is a Hindu, and our son is a Catholic!), this is an un-American way to treat people, especially long-time residents of Palo Alto.  There will. Ot be a third attempt to dine here.
It seems to me that the service is pretty snarky.  I really love hummus, but I feel like there is... Read more 
Eaten here several times. Very reasonable prices, good/clean/healthy food. The hummus and pita are a great choice. Also had the beef (grass fed) kabob and most of the side dishes. Everything has great flavors. The food here is simple and healthy - not too much salt or oil. You must try the mint tea, it is awesome.
This was undoubtedly the best Mediterranean food I've EVER eaten.  Very fresh and delicious!  Well done, Oren! Highly highly recommended! -Pari
The food is delicious.  The best hummus I have ever had.  I love the hummus with seasoned beef on top, and the hummus with tahini drizzled over it.  The falafel, babaganoush, and tabouleh are also delicious. The yam fries are the best in town.  I love that they are baking the pita, fresh in house. A nice, warm family restaurant.
Oren's Hummus is the best hummus I have had outside of Israel.  The service was great and the street that its on is absolutely adorable.  Its pretty casual, best for a group dinner or a quite bite, not really a date place but man is it good!
I am Asian and don't like hummus. But I like the hummus here: hummus ring with filling in the middle, like a donut with cream but the creamy part is outside.  But don't take my words for it, try it for yourself. If your past experience with hummus is Trader Joe's, like me, this is worth a try.
A friend who had a lot of things to say about the hummus here took me on a tuesday night. The restaurant is neatly done with the right ambience for a casual eatery. Pros: The food is quite good and reasonably priced. They are open till midnights unlike most places in the area. Cons: Not any I could think of. The selection is not very large. Lamb choices would be a great addition. Quick tips: The flan is one of the best I ve had, the vegetarian (eggless) options in the desserts require some additions. Overall a nice place, worth trying.
I was thrilled to discover this place! It is the first Israeli hummus place I've found in the Bay Area... I no longer have to go to New York to find delicious hummus and crisp, perfect falafel balls. The first time I ate here, I just got a side of hummus and a side of falafel, which ended up being more than enough for one, when combined with the free (and delicious and fresh) pita and cabbage salad. Not bad for $6. On a subsequent visit, I tried the Hummus Chickpea entree, but this was almost too much hummus (if that's even possible)!
Hummus was great!  Shakshuka was ok, I felt like the egg was overcooked. I'll need to come back and try the kabobs. Brand new, clean, and friendly staff!
We have been getting order to go from oren's so many time when we have picnic with friends and it's always a hit!!! Have to dine in here soon to experience the real food! They are always friendly too.
I came here today for lunch with a big group of co-workers and it was delicious! My favorites were the hummus with mushrooms and the pita bread. Each batch they brought to the table was nice and warm, soft and perfectly fluffy. We're all looking forward to coming back here again and again for lunch!
What: Hummus Triangle and Sweet Potato Fries When: Dinner Food: 4 stars Service: 4 stars Atmosphere: 4 stars Price: 4 stars Comment: Hummus was good and it was a lot of Hummus which I had to take home. Make sure to get their "Free" Items such as the red chili and the green chili, those are a must. Sweet Potato Fries were the thick kind and I prefer these over the shoestring type of fries
it turns out that this place is worth all of the hype. heaping portions of healthy food and incredible service make this place a standby for me. also, their beef kabobs are probably the best i've had.
I wanted to give Oren four stars but could not. Today was my fourth visit. I think the prices are fair and the food is better than ok. The service drags the place down. Each time my group was treated as if we were interupting our servers, lunch, nap time or chat session. I love it how at the end of the meal when you get the bill there is the big "thank you, I hope everything was ok" send off. No thanks , to many places in town that offer a decent meal with fair service
Oren's Hummus Shop is truly a "home away from home" for all Mediterranean food lovers. The Hummus is better than any other in the San Francisco bay area, as well as the pita bread which is fresh out of the oven. Highly recommended!
Good food, bad service.
After a lot of anticipation, Oren's Hummus Shop has opened and we like it!! Came here for a nice casual dinner and we had a great time. This is not a typical Mediterranean place - they definitely had some special dishes. The highlights were: fresh pita (yum!), hummus with mushrooms, Israeli salad and coconut juice. Also, make sure to ask for the free spicy hot green sauce on the side! We really enjoyed the casual ambiance: great for sitting by the window on a warm night and watching Palo Altans walk by, betting how many people we'll see in the next 5 mins with the yelp app open on their phone (quite a few as it turns out)....
This is the best hummus EVER. I am the kind of person who gets bored with going to the same restaurants and eating the same things repeatedly, but I like to go to Oren's at least once a month. It is a great place to take a small group of friends or go on a casual date. Seriously, go there.
Based on what I ordered alone (the mushroom hummus), I would have given this place two or three stars.  BUT, what my friend got (beef kabob with sweet potato fries and quinoa) was remarkably better, hence the four stars.  We came here on a whim after having walked up and down the streets of Downtown, so I didn't do any research on the place prior to entering, and I didn't even check the Foursquare tips until after I had ordered.  I didn't know what to expect or what to order - well, hummus obviously, since it would have been a crime not to try their namesake.  I don't know why, but I was hoping for something more unique than sauteed white button mushrooms, and I most definitely did not expect it to be flavored (overpowered by) curry.  Furthermore, the mushrooms just made the hummus very watery, and I think the curry was unnecessary. You definitely get your money's worth with the portion size of the hummus though.  I mean, you know you feel guilty when you polish off an entire container from the store, but when served on a plate like this, you almost feel as though it's okay - you and your friend are EXPECTED to - wipe the plate clean. The sweet potato fries were MONEY.  SO good.  According to my friend, they were you-could-die-happy-good.  The beef was not tough and very flavorful, and the quinoa was not a bullshit afterthought of a side dish that you could easily skip in order to save room and calories for dessert.
The hummus was good.  But I've had hummus in Israel, and it tasted much better.  Maybe that's being unfair. I went there for dinner, and it was very, very crowded.  When we were seated, I felt really crammed.  I could hear way too much of the conversation next to me, and they were not speaking loudly. We ordered some hummus and a chicken kabob plate.  The chicken kabob did not come with as much chicken as I expected for the price.  It was decent, but not the best chicken kabob I've ever had.  The hummus was good, but like I said, I don't think I would go out of my way to have their hummus.  The falafel was delicious, for sure.  And I loved the sweet potato fries.  That was a plus. It did take forever to order, and the waiter seemed to mix up which table had ordered what. Based on the service and the decent food, I might be back again, but it' won't be my first choice.
Came here Friday to have hummus and mint lemonade, nothing.... They were out... Really how can you be a hummus shop and out of hummus?
Hummus is amazingly tasty.  I've tried different plates and can say that food is very good.  But, I give this place three starts because the service is terrible--please train your employees.
I was impressed with everything about this place, one of my favorites in downtown Palo Alto now. Atmosphere: small but cozy cafe feel. Nice interior design. Service: friendly, prompt Prices: reasonable Food: hummus was very creamy and tasty. Pita bread super soft. The free cabbage appetizer tasted great. Sweet potato fries - perfectly crispy and just slightly salted. Falafel crispy on outside, moist on inside. Everything we ate was perfect.
It sure is crowded, but we didn't have to wait long and were seated promptly. The service was exceptional and the food is great.  I tried the malt drink, an Israeli "rootbeer"--it was definitely interesting and hard to finish so I don't recommend it unless you really want to try something new.  But the hummus and falafel were superb.
If you don't love humus, you'r just weird... This place is awesome, because it revolves around this tasty food. I also appreciate that this place is cleaner than most mediterrenian places, and the atmosphere is actually pleasant (you don't feel like leaving as soon as you finished eating). Prices are too high, but may be because of the location, but still - it's a bit expensive for humus. I'd definitely come back, and bring some friends/family next time. I read other reviews that complain about the service, but my experience was good (fast and curtious service).
Great hummus, mint tea. A bit loud, but great food and good people. A must try...and try again
Great place for gluten free and vegan food. They told me everything on the menu is gluten free except the Pita bread. Later it turned out they weren't 100% sure about the fries, but regardless, I had a great meal minus fries. Very reasonable prices - I had fresh mint tea, hummus, falafel, and a vegetable side for only $8. All the food was very fresh tasting and good. This is by far the best mediterranean restaurant in the area.
My friend brought me here and I've since taken two other friends there on two separate occasions.  YUM. Don't be afraid to do family style.  In fact, I highly recommend it so you can try everything.  Also, if you try to eat here individually I think you'll over order.  I once went and each of us got chicken skewers and then three sides to share.  The second time we went we got a hummus place and then five sides to share. Other sidenotes... Super affordable. Baba ganoush is really bad.  Don't get it. While there is outside seating, it is extremely limited, maybe two or three tables. They have really crammed as many tables inside as they can.  It is quite intimate...  The first time I we went there we ended up half sharing our sweet potato fries with the folks next to us.  If you are looking to have a more personal conversation, not the safest place! I love the authenticity of this place.  The food is very traditional and I think it'd be hard to find anything comparable in that regard. If you love hummus, Oren's Hummus Shop is a MUST.
Fantastic experience! A new favorite in downtown Palo Alto. Came here during the Arts & Wine festival yesterday (recommended by Yelp), expecting a long wait but luckily there were only two of us so we were seated pretty quickly. Service is quick, super friendly and they know their stuff!! We ordered (and highly recommend every dish) - - Hummus with ground beef (ab fab & super authentic) - Chicken skewer (small pieces but so succulent they burst with flavor!) - Falafel side dish (again pretty small but so yum) - Israeli salad - Lemonade (made my fave way - with mint leaves!!!) We were served warm, whole wheat pita bread which was fluffy and oh-so fresh and delicious!! I usually ALWAYS over-order but these plates were more like tapas, so they were perfect for hubby and I to share and fill up on. Last but not least, we ordered a Babka for dessert. If you haven't had this traditional loaf cake before, don't expect a typical marble cake. It's more like soft, doughy bread with chocolate marbling throughout. Served with whipped cream, it was an ab fab end to a lovely meal.
Excellent falafal, it was so rich, I couldn't finish it. I want to go back and try other things!
This place rocks! The food is so amazing and fresh and the atmosphere is comfortable and has a hip vibe. If you want to titillate your tastebuds run, don"t walk to this cafe!!!!!!!
My boyfriend and I came here on a Monday night.  This place wasn't what we expected it to be.  We were expecting a bigger selection of hummus, and a way to sample a variety of hummus in one visit.  We ordered the beef hummus and the vegetable skewers (which also came with hummus).  Both dishes were decent.  The pita bread was delicious and fluffy. This seems like a casual place to go for a light snack.  However, our server was awkward and distracted (especially for a very slow night). Not horrible, but not special.  With all the other yummy restaurants in Palo Alto, I probably wouldn't come back here again.
Given all the other choices of Mediterranean food in Palo Alto/University Ave - I'm not sure why people would go here. The Hummus was really pasty, chicken was ok. Fallafel was good but over priced. If you like real Mediterranean food a few steps up to Mediterranean Wraps. Their fallafel, shwarma and hummus are awesome and much reasonably priced. I ended up paying over 20 for a little hummus with chicken and some tea. Overpriced. Service was good however so I have to give it to them.
I went there for lunch. It's really noisy inside, but the food is so good! It's quick, good and extremely cheap. The hummus there are divine. They have some others plates, and you can have sweet potato fries!
Wonderful hummus!  I have never had hummus this way before: a swirl of hummus with a pool of yummy stuff in the center: seasoned beef or juicy mushrooms or yummy fava beans, or other choices. The pita bread is where it really gets stellar!  Who knew pita bread is supposed to be so fluffy and soft and not that hard-double layered thing.  Well, apparently, this is what pita bread is supposed to be like, at least in Israel according to my friend.  I wish all restaurants had their pita this way! The chicken skewers were tasty but were rather pricey.  The sides were all good:  I had tabbouleh and babaganoush, very good and Ive had a lot of these from different places. Cant wait to come back!
DELICIOUS! Loved loved all the food I got here: sweet potato fries, chicken kebabs (just succulent pieces of flavorful chicken, not actually on skewers), soft white and wheat pita bread, and the most creamy, indescribably amazing hummus ever. This is the first place I want to eat at next time I'm in Palo Alto.
I'm not a huge fan of falafel and hummus but I've tried most of the spots people recommend in the area because of social functions. I tried Oren's Hummus Shop a couple of days ago and it is in my top 5 favorite restaurants in the area now.  Where to start?  The tastiest juicy chicken i've had at a falafel spot.  Amazing hummus flavor and basmati rice.  Nice thick soft warm pita.  And falafel balls to die for. Pros: - Open til midnight - Reasonably priced - Great set-up/decor - Best food of its kind in the area - On beautiful University Ave. Cons: - Gets busy so come early or after dinner hours Yummy!
Best hummus and pita I've had in my 10 years in the Bay Area. Great location right on University Avenue, fresh ingredients, and owners that are very attentive and truly care about making their customers happy. Highly recommended!
Chicken or mixed kabobs, mint tea, hummus... It's all good. Clean and bright atmosphere best for smaller parties or date nights. The town has been buzzing about this place since it opened, and the praise is well deserved. This is our favorite restaurant on University Avenue, hands down.
I came here for my birthday. Everything was great! The food was good and cheap. Friends ordered for the table and we shared everything and each had a drink for about 16 bucks a head after tax and tip. You could definitely spend more, but we only had one item with meat. It's a bit of a bummer that they don't take reservations BUT they were willing to call me when our table opened up so we could go get a beer while we waited.
I would love to give this place a terrible review.  The secret is out and it is generally crowded on the weekend. The food is always phenomenal!  The first time we went there I had the beef kebab, while my wife had a chicken kebab.  Since then, we have been back numerous times, trying the felafel, etc.  I highly recommend!
I ordered take-out from this restaurant, so I can't speak to the service, so I will comment mainly on the food.  I guess after reading the reviews, I was expecting to be blown away by the hummus (classic) - but I can't say that I was.  That could mean that it was extremely authentic and I don't know what authentic is.  Who knows.  The falafel balls however, were very tasty.  The tahini sauce on the falafel balls was really good too.  The chicken was flavorful, but a little on the overcooked side.  The pita was huge and very soft.  I guess I never knew what real pita was supposed to look like.  I think I would have rated this restaurant higher if it weren't how expensive it was for what I got.
Though Oren's menu is somewhat lacking in variety, it is a great place for the grazers (including me). The menu is essentially comprised of dips and small bites to be eating with the generous helping of pita bread. Though it is in downtown, the prices are quite reasonable for the most part, especially considering the refills on pita are free. I think this is a nice place to gather with your friends to chat and nosh, without feeling the need to eat and run. It wasn't too busy when we came, although that might be because it was 11:00 at night. In fact, Oren's late hours was the primary reason why we even checked it out to begin with. As its name suggests, Oren's specializes in hummus. Apparently, we weren't feeling too adventurous in this department as we went with the standard hummus. I like my hummus extremely tart, so I was dunking my pita in the hummus with a bit of the complimentary lemon sauce, which is essentially a light, but very tart, lemon dressing.  The Greek salad is very much like Shirazi Salad (in Persian cuisine) but more tart. In fact, theirs is probably as tart as the way I make it at home. As such, this was also a win for me, though I worry it may be too tart for the general public. We also had the tabouleh, which was flavorful, and the falafels, which, though small, were probably the best falafels I've had in a long time. I also tried out the tomato-based sauce (listed in the sides section), which was okay, but nothing particularly special so I wouldn't order it again. If you are into spicy food, definitely ask them for the garlic chili sauce and the green hot sauce (the name of which escapes me). All this food left me incredibly stuffed but my fiance couldn't resist the opportunity to try out the dessert. Our server recommended the Bavarian cream, which is topped with chocolate sauce. I think I would've enjoyed it more if I wasn't so full but at this point in time, it didn't knock my socks off. I also go the mint tea, which is literally green mint leaves with hot water, accompanied with brown sugar cubes. I liked it, but I'm a fan of mint. They also serve regular Numi tea too. All in all, we really liked this place, but we are fond of pita bread with different sauces and dips. In addition, my fiance is Middle Eastern so this food, being Israeli, isn't necessarily all that different. I saw several parties stop by and look at the short menu and leave. I'm guessing it is because there's not a real "entree" here, minus the few kabob dishes. We would definitely come back again and would recommend it to anyone that is looking for a place to hang out and nosh on amazing falafels and hummus.
Had a chance this afternoon to stop and try Oren's Hummus. Perfect time of the day: 3:00 pm - place almost empty - peaceful - perfect... I had the "Triangle Hummus", it's garnished with a spoonful of favas (actually ful/fool) and the most tender, flavorful whole garbanzos ever along with a swirl of lovely olive oil, a sprinkle of paprika and some chopped herb (taste buds were overwhelmed so I couldn't tell if it was cilantro or Italian parsley). Simply the best hummus I've ever tasted. Silky smooth texture I found totally beguiling. So different from the mass-produced products. The complimentary cabbage salad and the green harissa condiment wake up the appetite. I liked the mint lemonade - it looked like a Mojito and I like tart, not sweet things so this was just what I wanted. I liked this place. I don't believe there is anything else like it in our immediate area so I appreciate it just because it isn't the same old, same old. I'm looking forward to sampling more of the menu soon. There's quite a bit of free parking around the corner (depending on the time of day).
Not everything in the menu is worth getting, and some items are pricey for the portion sizes, but I'm excited for something new in the University Ave. area. My friend and I went twice our first day here. Most of the people we've brought from our company have returned. I usually don't like falafel, but I've ordered the falafel sandwich here a few times. Usually I find falafel overwhelmingly crunchy/fried and huge, but Oren's isn't. The chicken sandwich, veggie skewers, hot sauce, wheat pita, Israeli salad, and -- thankfully -- hummus are all good options. I'm not going to order the baba ganoush or carrots again.
Very good variety of dishes, enjoyed the Israeli atmosphere! The meat hummus was fantastic (the meat was really delicious). The feta cheese (imported from Israel!) was amazing, and the lemonade with mint (Limonana) was tasty. Room for improvement: the falafel was actually a bit overdone and dry. The white pita was a little too thick and dry. The hummus could have more tehini in it. All in all, a great place for Israeli food which was badly needed in the Bay Area.
Amazing!  The hummus is so smooth - it feels blended.  And everything is so flavorful and drool.....  hmmm.  So, so, so good. The venue is great too - light, open, comfortable, welcoming.  Really a new gem for Palo Alto.
Easily one of my favorite new places in Palo Alto... I grew up in Israel and think Oren's has hit the spot on authenticity.  Chicken skewer with fries and hummus. Do it. Of the 3 times I've gone, service is hit or miss. Both times I had an Israeli server (or at least a Hebrew speaking one, I guess I can't assume Israeli really), the service was great. The time I had a non-Israeli, service was a little off... but the food was still great.
I'm a fan of Oren's Hummus Shop. I've had a variety of things from the menu and nearly all of them were great. The hummus, as you'd expect, is fantastic. The marinated beets that I got with a to-go order were super crisp, fresh, and delicious. The falafel pita sandwich is now my go to quick meal as it has so many good things stuffed into it and is very reasonably priced. The only thing I didn't enjoy very much in my many visits was the beef kabab. Oren's has some of the best falafel I've had.
Several years ago my Israeli roommate took me along for a trip home and I found out what Hummus is really supposed to taste like.  Nothing I've had in the US is even close to what real hummus should taste like, until now.  Oren's is like being transported to Israel for an hour.  I have gotten the Hummus Ful, and the Hummus Triangle.  Both are amazing.  Even the olive oil is noticeably better.  If you want real hummus made from authentic ingredients, this is your place.
Hands-down one of the best Mediterranean places in the entire Bay Area and the crowds outside of it at certain points during the day speak to its quality. Despite the crowds, I've never had trouble getting a table. Entree recommendations: Hummus with mushrooms is highly recommended as are the dipping sauces that accompany the pita (be sure to ask for the whole wheat variety!).  Falafel and chicken kebab were also delightful and perfectly proportioned. Dessert: I was being adventurous and tried the malabi (flan covered with rosewater and pistachios). Rich, but not heavy; touch of sweetness without being decadently cloying. If you're looking for something sweeter, give the Bavaria cream a try. Beverage: The mint tea is an absolute must at this place. I take two with every meal.
BEST hummus and babaganush!!!  Service was spotty, but they were packed.
Nothing special. Not enough bang for the buck. They try to fit in with the high prices of University Avenue but the quality AND quantity of the food doesn't compare. It's good enough as a "healthy choice" but they ought to serve pickles, french fries, etc. to augment the falafel and mimic the genuine Israeli style. Jacking up the price, while reducing the condiment options doesn't measure up to what you might buy on a busy Jerusalem street. I've been here twice and I've tried the kebab and falafel. I'm an Israeli but nothing about this place makes me want to come back. Mediocre food and extravagant prices makes me prefer Pluto's or Pizza My Heart over this any day.
Okay, so I'm Israeli and do eat my fair share of pita and hummus. This place is good, but way on the healthy side of things. In Israel, if you go to an authentic hummus shop they are definitely targeting a different audience. That being said, if you are in the mood for some healthier tasting falafel balls and hummus, then I recommend hitting this place up. My other complaint is that the schug and harisa was just not spicy enough. Oh wells...
I work close by so I eat here for lunch and take home dinner frequently. I love the chicken rice bowl.
Good location Hummos shop in Downtown Palo Alto.  Hummus is fresh and ok but not fantastic, Fava beans and tahini are ok but lack some taste. Skip the Baba Ganush.  Falafel is also mediocre. Sweet potatoes fries are good and tasty. Beef kabob kinda tasteless. Overall not a bad place.  If you haven't been to the middle east you will like this place and what you get is Fresh and not bad. Both wife and I have a stomach ache after our afternoon visit and therefore lowering to 2 stars! There are better Middle Eastern places in the bay area.
If you've ever traveled in Israel, you know that the food there is amazing. A veritable middle-eastern medley of hummus, pita, kabobs, falafel, tabule, and more. Oren's Hummus Shop is the closest I've even come to the Israeli food experience in the Bay Area. Delicious.
I'm writing another review of this place because it is really the Bay Area's best hummus shop, by a country mile, and I just went for another meal.  The hummus is delicious, of course, but so is the chicken, the Israeli salad, and the falafel.  For some reason, I think restaurants in the US simply don't know what good hummus is.  Oren's doesn't have this problem!  They have an amazing spicy sauce that you can mix with the Tahini and the hummus to make a great spread for packing in your pita. Yum-yum.
Spectacular Israeli food on the Peninsula.  Easily the best I've had in the Bay Area.  The Beef... Read more 
Yes! Fresh, really good down to earth food. The feta and watermelon changed my life. Pita was great. Beet salad too. Will be back fo sho!
Everything is authentic and made with the freshest ingredients. The Israeli hummus is out of this world - AMAZING. I was impressed with not only the humus, but also the chicken skewers. They were very well seasoned and tasted delicious. The slight smokiness was great too. Also, my request for an extra extra touch of hotness added to the overall taste...experience. Definite thumbs up. The atmosphere is very cool... although a little tight...with a big chandelier, high ceilings, free wi-fi and lots of places to plug in your laptop. Also, a great option for take-out.
I try and stop by this restaurant every time I have a meeting in Palo Alto downtown. This is the second time I tried the Sabih pita sandwich. It is basically a hummus pita sandwich with fried eggplant and diced hard boiled egg added to it (YUMMY). The first time I tried it it was awesome, the hummus was fresh, the salad crunchy, and the fried slice of eggplant was divine....Not so this time... The pita was overloaded with 1/2" thick slices of eggplant that were barely fried. It was almost raw. I tried taking the eggplant slices out, thinking I can pretend I bought a hummus sandwich, but what I was really left with is a pita bread filled with soggy and not so fresh salad. Ended up throwing the whole meal out. YUCK...
Hubs and I stopped here Saturday afternoon after reading the menu posted outside and we were so glad we did! Here's what we ordered: Hubs: Chicken Skewers, rice and sweet potato fries. Me: Beef and Lamb kebabs, herbed quinoa and hummus. To share: order of falafel (5 small balls) and all the fresh pita bread you want. We tried both the white & wheat - go with wheat, better flavor (white was OK, but a little yeasty). Hubs loved his chicken, and sweet potato fries but thought the rice was a bit dry... I tried it, it was. I loved my beef/lamb kebabs - cooked perfectly to my specs (well). The herbed quinoa was good, tasted very basil-y (love!) and the hummus was so good!! Super fluffy I put it on everything. I loved the lemon sauce they put on it as well since it did add a bit more flavor but overall, it was good. I'm still craving it. They need to have an olive hummus - I would be there at least once a week just for that. Now to the best part: FALAFEL! The best falafel I've ever had - tender, full of flavor, not dry and gross tasting like a fryer. Mmmmm, yes - Oren, put the balls in my mouth! Also, they serve Leffe beer and stay open late. Can't wait to go back!
Wow.... all I can say is wow! The hummus beef was AWESOME! We also ordered the beef skewer with sweet potato fries and salad. The beef skewer was very tasty but the sweet potato fries.. OMG!!! I wish they had the fries as the main course.  IT WAS SO GOOD!  It was perfection!
Four and  1/2 stars. So I am a huge hummus fan and I have  been waiting for a proper  joint with the warm creamy hummus with the olive oil and great pita.   My standard of comparison was the late night hummus bars in Tel Aviv which gave me a new appreciation of what hummus should taste like.  Oren's does not disappoint.   Very tasty hummus with a proper pita that is head and shoulders above the rest in the bay area.   The warm bowl, properly filled with olive oil, swirled to perfection.   In my opinion the best hummus from San Francisco to San Jose. Why the four and half stars?   The falafel.   The name says Oren's hummus shop and I was not there to rate the falafel but was hopeful this could be the yummy perfection that was being served at Golden Falafel Ball off of Stevens Creek before they closed a few years ago. The falafel at Oren's has all the right ingredients to be the best falafel in the bay area except they gave me pre-fried falafel balls.  Any falafel more than five minutes old will only be average and it tasted as such.   The simple fix is to demand the falafel is made to order. This will be five stars when they get their falafel perfect.
Hummus was DELICIOUS!!! I love my own homemade hummus but Oren's hummus is much smoother, fluffier, and silkier than mine! The store-brought hummus is icky, and I can taste the preservatives in it. The sampler dish was a bit on the oily side, but it was nice to sample a wide variety of small dishes. We left feeling very full and satisfied with just the sampler dish plus the original hummus dish. Service was fine, although we had to wait a bit. I subtracted one star because they only gave me one whole wheat pita bread. When I asked for more whole wheat pita, the server said they didn't have them now but would have them later, which was misleading. I waited 10 minutes and asked her for the whole wheat pita bread again, and she finally said that THEY RAN OUT OF WHOLE WHEAT PITA BREAD and that it wouldn't be ready while I was there. How can a hummus restaurant/shop run out of pita bread? What a sacrilege! The way she said it the first time was misleading and I didn't appreciate that at all.
food's okay service is crap seating is insufficient. (long waits) parking is easy on university chicken skewers good beef/lamb thing so so (they don't tell you they put sauce on it) hummus so so rice thing so so to good 4 people 18$ per person.
My fiance & I love hummus and other Israeli food, so when I spotted this place opening in downtown Palo Alto, we made a note to come back and try it soon.    We came tonight & split between us a hummus entree ($7.95), which comes with your choice of hummus flavor & unlimited warm pita (we chose the "chickpea hummus"), a side of 7 falafel balls ($2.95), and a grilled chicken skewer ($6.95).   The falafel balls were fantastic, although quite small.   They were listed twice on the menu, once as 7 for $2.95 and once as 5 for $2.95.  We got 7. I don't know if that's a mistake or if the latter balls are bigger.  Either way, I liked the smaller falafels because they had a greater crispy surface: filling ratio.    I'm not a big fan of Med Wraps, so I'm excited to finally have a decent falafel in PA, and I definitely look forward to coming back to try their falafel wraps.    The hummus was very good as well (huuuge portion) and the chicken skewer was quite tasty too, although very spicy & just loose chunks of chicken, not on a skewer (maybe it was a "deconstructed chicken skewer"..."deconstructed" seems to be the mot du jour in restaurants).   We thought the food was pretty yummy & we'd definitely come back to try other things.    No website yet, but the menu in the restaurant is identical to the one here: http://www.shoppaloalto.... The service was probably the worst part of our meal.  Although our server was friendly and quite attentive about bringing water & our food out, he was chatting a little too much with the people around us and we had a really hard time getting the bill when we wanted to leave. Overall, I think this is a great addition to the Palo Alto dining scene - delicious, healthy, and not a kind of food that is already duplicated by many other restaurants in the area (although there are other good Middle Eastern options nearby, Oren's is the only specifically Israeli restaurant downtown.)   I did think it was a touch on the pricey side, but it is Palo Alto, and it fills a gap in the market.
My husband and I were looking for a new Mediterranean restaurant to try last night and we found Orens Hummus Shop and thought that we would give it a try. I am so glad that we did! This food is so good! I was very happy to see that there was a clear (gf) for gluten free and (v) for vegan listed clearly on their menu. I am gluten intolerant and having to order food at a restaurant can sometimes be difficult. I was able to eat almost everything on the menu aside from the sweet potato fries, french fries and the desserts. A fresh cabbage salad lightly dressed with vinaigrette was brought to us while we were deciding what to order. We decided on sharing the beef skewers with the chopped salad and quinoa, we also decided to do it up and get a bunch of sides. We got Babagonoush, hummus, lebene, beets, tabouli, and falafel along with both hot sauces and pita. The food was INCREDIBLE! It was very fresh and completely delicious! We had a lot of fun trying different combinations of dipping with the meat, falafel and salads and pita for my husband! The food was great and the bill with a beer was $37 which is really affordable for dinner for 2 in downtown Palo Alto. This is by far the best Mediterranean restaurant in Downtown Palo Alto, maybe even the Peninsula! I loved it! We will most definitely be back and bring some friends with us next time!
wanted to really like this place...cool concept and the food looked really good on all the other tables...the first problem was the terrible service.  i mean, why on earth would it take over 10 minutes to deliver a bowl of hummus from the time that the pitas were delivered...we sat there with a thing of pitas staring us in the face with nothing else.  Had to ask twice about the hummus.  The food wasn't also as good as we would have wanted, the aforementioned pitas were sort of stale tasting, the quinoa was dry and bland, and the salad just so-so.  The chicken was good and the little deep fried balls (whatever they are called) were super tasty.  We will go back and give it another try once they dial in the service and some food issues since we liked the concept and decor.
The hummus is outstanding, about as close as I've tasted to the kind served in Israel. Pita bread is soft and tasty, my family gobbled it quickly and asked for more. They offer Israeli-style pickles too, but it doesn't come together with the hummus. On the downside, their Greek salad was flavorless (stick to what you're good at, guys!). Service was pretty good, and food arrived quickly. It's pretty cramped for space, but overall a good experience.
This family owned business took over the old Zao noodle bar. They make Israeli style hummus, along with fresh flour and wheat pita bread. I ordered the hummus triangle with whole chickpeas and fava beans. It was certainly delicious. I also tasted the falafel and spiced kabobs, both were some of the most flavorful I've ever had. But I was sad they ran out of their malabi flan dessert.  To our surprise, the adorable little girl whose picture is on the wall walked into the shop with the family. Totally cool place to have middle eastern cuisine.
A nice casual place to grab a little hummus.   The hummus is pretty good, not totally creamy, but pretty close to great.   I had the Moroccan beef.  My primary complaint was the pita bread -- which definitely isn't pita bread. It's kinda flat bread.   The service is friendly and fast.  It's open relatively late.
Great Hummus, fresh rich and delicious.  I had the 6 small dishes and all were great, especially the beets. My friend had the egg dish which was wonderful. The servers were friendly and recommended an excellent wine. Be prepared for a noisy setting.  When the space was Zao's it was the same problem. But the food was terrific for a reasonable price.
Great hummus.  Get a fat bowl to consume with the unlimited and crack-like pita.  My chicken kabob was meh, but the hummus definitely made up for it.  Veggie kabob was VERY good.  Perfect place for vegetarians.  My waiter had a long shift and it definitely showed.  He totally forgot to bring us water ( we asked twice and he kept ignoring us), but he went home...good thing we didn't have to tip him.  Our waitress was very attentitive and pleasant.  Coming back for the hummus, pita and veggie kabobs.  Open until 12, too!
Tonight was my second time here, and I wanted to give it at least two tries before writing a review. I really want to love you Oren's Hummus Shop, but you're making it hard. Food wise this place is solid. Everything I've tried is good, the hummus is delicious, the pitas are thick and fresh. It's definitely a nice addition to the standard University Ave lineup. As far as prices, I think they're comparable to other places and about what I'd expect to spend in downtown PA. The service is atrocious. The servers all seem young (Stanford kids or maybe even younger), and while they're all sweet and mean well they just don't have it together. The whole restaurant is about the size of a one bedroom apartment and even though there just isn't that many people to serve they all seem....frantic. It's like they're creating chaos that just isn't there. I think the 6+ employees I counted could have easily handled the manageable number of people if they just relaxed a little and stop acting so frenzied. I think this place is worth a try, but don't go here if you're in a hurry and be prepared to ask for what you need.
I tried to go on the weekend for lunch but they were closed due to some music festival that closed down University ave. Came back for lunch today and they were already bustling. Got a side of falafels, hummus with spiced Moroccan beef, and a kabob.They make their own pita here and they are regular and whole wheat; more pillowy than your average hummus.  Everything was pretty tasty. This might be the new Israeli power spot for meals as it seemed everyone was except for our table. The hostesses daughter is the model on the wall and if you're lucky, she will grace you with her presence.
I love hummus and so naturally had to check out this place. Overall I think they still have some kinks to work out in their service and perhaps their offerings which don't necessarily work out into real 'meals' perhaps. However I really did like their hummus. The pita wasn't quite hot and the drinks (beers) were served in warm glasses. Other than that, the food at the end of the day was really good. Hope this place will figure out some glitches. We'll try it again.
Came here for dinner. We actually had to wait a while because it was packed, even at 9pm. I had the mushroom hummus. I liked the first few bites, but I probably should have split the hummus with my friend as we were each faced with an enormous portion of hummus. Not really appetizing after a while. I will admit I don't know much about pita bread, but this pita was just super dense and I didn't really feel like it was the greatest conduit for the hummus. We also ordered the sweet potato fries and falafel. The sweet potato fries were delightful and the portion size was pretty decent. I did like the falafel, but definitely wouldn't come back just for that. I'm guessing this place will probably do pretty well, given its location, but I don't think I'll have a hankering for hummus for a while now.
The hummus and Labane was delicious, as was the pita bread. I ordered the beef kebab with sweet potato fries and salad, and loved my dish, but my friend ordered the chicken and it wasn't nearly as delicious. I would give this place more stars because the food is good, it's just that our waitress was not friendly at all, and was extremely slow in accommodating any requests outside of our original order (extra pita, to go bags, etc.).  I would go back for take out, but probably wouldn't be super excited about eating at the restaurant again.
Went to Oren's for the first time with a group of 6, no reservations, last Saturday night. It was busy but our wait was less than 5 minutes - already a plus. The food was on the whole - very very good.  Some specific thoughts: - very minimalist, straightforward style and presentation.  But clean and orderly, so that's a plus. - the side dish sampler did not allow substitutions (boo), but they pretty much picked everything I wanted to try anyways (yay). - Romanian eggplant - surprisingly delicious.  I like the tomato-ey tang with the eggplant - Babaganush - not bad.  surprised I liked the Romanian version better. - Marinated Beets - standard, pretty good. - Labane - not the best I've had, but pretty dang good.  Tangy, thick, creamy, delicoius.  Good labane is to die for. - Mini falafels - warning, they are smaller than you expect.  Otoh ,they are *delicious*.  Small, moist, delicious, and with a crusty exterior and a little yogurt sauce on top.  Wonderful little flavor nuggets. - Hummus triangle - perhaps the biggest surprise is that the signature dish - hummus - was one of the least exciting.  Not as flavorful as I would have expected, not that tangy.  The whole chickpeas in the sauce seem like a good idea, but they tasted a little bland. - Hummus Beef - perhaps the second biggest surprise is how much I liked this dish.  Absolutely delicious.  The spicing on the beef mixed perfectly with the hummus, and combined to be delicious when sopped up with pita bread. - Shakshuka - also delicious.  The combination of eggs in a mildly but well spiced tomato sauce was delicious.  Like a little bit of huevos rancheros - Middle Eastern style. - Hot Mint Tea - also delicious.  Had actual mint leaves in the preparation. - my friend special-ordered a half iced-tea/half lemonade.  The server accomodated and it was good. - pita bread - we had whole wheat, and it was good.  Again, not the best I've had, but pretty good; soft, warm, bready, and delicious.  And the FREE BREAD REFILLS helps a lot - so that you can sop up the morsels of everything else you've ordered. Overall, an outstanding experience.  I'll add 2 more good points for Oren's: 1) The overall cost was very reasonable.  For a party of 6, we averaged out to about $10-$15/person for a *lot* of food. 2) I like their motto at the bottom of the hand-written chalkboard: 'we're in beta, so please give us your feedback!'  It's a great sentiment for any starting restaurant - and the willingness to take feedback and improve is a great one.
Oh my goodness...this is the best thing to happen to University Avenue in Palo Alto!!  The food is authentic and so amazing.  The pita and challah are incredible.  The hummus is smooth and favorful.  The chicken pita was my favorite tonight...so delicious, I could not believe it!! The decor is simple chic...with a relaxed, welcoming atmosphere. The prices were very reasonable and the service was great. The hummus is a portion to be shared...for one person it is alot, that is why some may feel it is expensive.  You can buy smaller portions to go for less.  It is also great to see a local business supporting our youth with jobs.  Thank you!! We can't wait to go back !!
Good food, but terrible service.  I have eaten here twice and both times the service was very slow.  The second time we waited more than 40 minutes for our food.
Finally, a real Israeli place. There is no single other restaurant in the bay area serving such genuine and tasty Pitta bread and Humus. Clean, modern, polite, fast and generous. Did I mention delicious already? Desert cakes are first class, European style, French taste, made by very skillful Israeli hands, heart and soul. Cost is very reasonable, food portions are all you can ask for. Now, there isn't any reason anymore to pay $10K for a family trip to Israel to taste the real thing... its here !
Just plain good!  Once you go, you can't help but come back for more!  Just sayin' ..... I'll write a lengthy review later when I have more time, but I just had give it a mention now, considering how often I keep running back to this place to eat. Things I like: 1) chicken kabobs 2) quinoa tabbouleh (tabouli, if you prefer) 3) sweet potato fries 4) chopped salad 5) Turkish coffee 6) hummus (of course) I drool over those beautifully baked, warm, fluffy pita breads.  However, that's all I can do.  (I'm gluten-intolerant.)  However, my husband gets to enjoy my serving along with his, and he inhales them with delight.  (Lucky guy.)
Solid 4 star on this one. I'm a big fan of hummus (all kinds) and I had to try this place when I walked by it. While I'll admit there't not much variety on the menu the things that are on there rock. I had the hummus with beef and the pita bread. The hummus was probably some of the best I've had in a long time and the the beef was seasoned well. My girlfriend had the hummus sandwhich and it was very good as well. Recommended!
Wow. 10-days after opening and already 24 reviews. The good: the food  - is real authentic Mediterranean food. I ate the Hummus, both with mushrooms and with Thini, eggplants, and Romanian eggplants. Pickles, and falafel balls all good and tasty. Late night - up to midnight but if you coordinate in advance it might be open later (left the place around 1AM after a party with some friends) Location - On University Ave Palo Alto The Bad - Some reviewers wrote that $8 for Hummus is too expensive. Indeed I agree it is pricey but what to expect from a place in the middle of Palo Alto
For a vegetarian it doesn't get much better. With so many great options to choose from and the amazingly warm fresh pita, you cannot go wrong here. The hummus is excellent, with my favorite hummus plate being the "triangle". The triangle is hummus served with  1/2 fava beans and  1/2 chickpeas in the middle (not mixed together).  The fava beans complement the hummus flavor so well. While the chickpeas mimic the hummus flavor, yet offer a different texture. Those whole chickpeas in that dish aren't anything close to what I've tasted from soak chickpeas or out of a can. Maybe it's the secret to their great tasting hummus. The baba ganoush is another great option, but hard to eat a complete serving of it in one go. Plan on sharing this one. Other items: - Sweet potato fries - definitely well prepared. Crispy outsides with tender insides, and seasoned delicately. - Falafels are tasty, but nothing out of the ordinary. - Vegetable skewers are on the bland side, but still very fresh tasting. - Labane (yogurt cheese) is generally one of my favorites and they do a good job with it. - Matbucha, I'd avoid it as it lacked any depth - Pita sandwich options are also all good. Service has gotten much better over the last few months.
This is my favorite dinner place. I love love love their hummus. Its creamy and so delicious and healthy too. Their falafels and the almond cookies are very delicious too. It gets really busy though in the night.
Went there for lunch with friends this past weekend. The service was very bad - once giving us our food, our waitress never checked on or even refilled our waters. Theappetizer sampler was good - Romanian Eggplant and Babaganush tasty - the other spreads were rather bland. For $12 I was expecting a lot more than we received - the sampler consists of a couple of tablespoons of each spread. There is no dipping going on.... I ordered the beef on hummus (around 11 or 12 dollars) Hummus was very bland, no taste. The beef is minced meat, like taco meat, not sliced or bite size. YOu got about 2 or 3 ounces of minced meat and about 1/4 of grease. I spooned out 7 spoonfuls of oil and stil had more in my bowl. It was pretty gross. My boyfriend got the chicken kabob but it was undercooked. I really really really wanted this place to be good, but it falls way short of being a "hummus shop."
Although I'm sad to see Zao go, this place is a great addition to downtown. The menu is straight to the point. Hummus is garlicy and I like how the lemon shines through. Pretty good falafel too - the inside was smooth and the outside was nice and crisp. I'll be back!
There's no way this is a 4 Star restaurant.  First of all, it's totally overpriced.  $17.95 for a Kebab plate with 2 skewers of meat.  Second of all, everything except the humus was barely edible.  They have "beef" kebabs listed on the menu, and it's ground beef.  That was weird.  And the meat (both the chicken and the ground beef) were clearly cooked hours before we arrived (6pm Sunday).  They were both extremely dry and nasty.  The waiter gave us 50% off the bill, which was nice.  But don't charge $18 and serve me something that was cooked ages ago.  Last point I'd like to make is that it is not a kid friendly place at all.  No kids sized portions, no kids menu, no kids drinks, etc. Thumbs down on this place.
Great place with great food. Highly recommended!
The food is great, but if you're getting take-out with any special requests ie. tahini on the side, they will mess it up! I've ordered take-out 3 different times now, and each time my order is made incorrectly. I keep hoping they'll get it right the next time, but never happens. I wish the take-out service was as good as their food.
Wow! I'd have to write several paragraphs which would be too long for most to read in order to explain how good it is here.  To sum it up: very tasty food, great ingredients, nice atmosphere, and down to earth service.  Cheers.
I love Israeli food and I love hummus! Definitely the best Israeli place in the Bay Area for sure! The salads are very good and very authentic and the chicken skewers are by far the best I've had in a while. I'll have to agree with most other comments that the service wasn't the greatest. But it is a really fun and relaxed, and healthy place to eat. It's also great to go to on a date or with friends. Its pretty awesome that it's open till midnight.
Anyone who says this is not good hummus, does not know what they are talking about. This is amazing hummus. Even my israeli friends say so :) The pita is the fluffy kind, not the hard flat kind. very nice, though took some getting used to. I love that they are cheaper and open late. I went with 4 folks, and we shared a hummus, shakshuka, & 3 sides and got out of there full, for $30 altogether! Incredible! They need to have MORE VARIATION in their hummus, though. Like more garlicky, or with different kinds of nuts in it. Also, more salads...add them to the menu. Great little place! I keep going back again and again. Good service too.
"Hummus, Where Art Thou?" This is the question I had in my mind since arriving to the Bay Area. Yes, there are number of Mediterranean restaurants around here, but their hummus is a poor excuse for the real thing. I had a pleasant surprise at Oren's Hummus Shop. The hummus was actually great - it had the right flavor, texture and presentation. I think the pita bread is made on site - it was fresh and warm. Finally, a hummus place that the Bay Area deserves. This would definitely save unneeded trips to Los Angeles...
Back the next week for more Hummus and Pita... If you accept that this is the main reason for coming, and accept that they excel at Hummus and Pita making, then you can adjust your expectations accordingly. That said, the falafels are great (please make them a bit bigger though!) and the sauces are great too. It's a good place for light meals and later night snacks or if you don't feel the need for a lot of meat. Wait staff are inexerienced and confused, but sweet. I crave going back just for the humus and pita.
Good vibe of a great Israeli humus place with pleasant casual atmosphere. Real quality creamy... Read more 
Although there are some reviews that comment on dips and small bites, this place is more notable for the fact that the food is so yummy, filling, and yet affordable! The portions look small, but they are quite substantial. Obviously the hummus is a star attraction, but the sweet potato fries are very tasty, as are the Israeli salad and the vegetarian skewers. And make sure to get the complimentary sauces as they balance out the strong hummus flavors. The only item that I would take a pass on are the beets.
Oren's hummus shop is fantastic. The hummus is the BEST I've ever had. I love that you can order a few different sides to share and try a little of everything. The service is good and the staff is very friendly. I highly recommend it!
For a country obsessed with consuming food products filled with salt, fat and sugar, Oren's offers a glimpse into what variety and pleasure can be found in consuming real food.
Best humus! Amazing Israeli food with lots of yummy small plates. They even make their own pita bread!!
We enjoyed the atmosphere, the humus, fresh pita bread, especially the tabula salad & the famous freasly made "on the spot" falafel. Don't miss the red "spicy" home made paste - Delicious. Looks like the owner really cares, loved the look of the place.
The food is excellent!  Perhaps the best restaurant on University. This would easily be a 5 star review if the service was better. The place was packed tonight and the servers were in a frenzy. Walking in, there is no indication how to get a table, so I walked to an open able and was mildly snapped at by a woman who appeared to be an owner. The owners and servers appear to be new to the restaurant business. But the food makes it worth it. Hopefully the mediocre service is a result of the fits and starts of it being a new restaurant. I will definitely come back.
Love it!
Recently moved to the Bay Area after more than 15 years in Tel Aviv.  It's refreshing to finally have a good Israeli hummus place in driving distance. It really is like hummus restaurants in Tel Aviv and i'm sure i'll be a frequent customer.  Hummus is creamy, falafel is great, and the pita is definitely Israeli style.  The only difference is it's cleaner than your typical Tel Aviv joint - which can't be bad thing :)
ummm LOVED x 10! It so happens that i also love hummus, pickles, etc. etc. etc.  A few girlfriends of mine and I came in for a dinner.  3 hours later and many small plates of food later, we were BEYOND satisfied.  The waitress was also super nice and kept re-filling our pita basket (bonus - white and whole wheat pita available).  Loved the small plates eggplant (both the Romanian and Babaganush).  Had the mushroom hummus - amazing (although feeling a taaaaaaaaad bloated this morning from all those beans and bread).  Oh and can we discuss the dessert? Had the Babka and the Creme ...OMG brought me back to my childhood dessert days!  LOVED LOVED LOVED! will be back for sheeeeezy!
I've been back a few times.  It continues to be excellent.
The food is excellent and the staff is friendly.  The food is so much better than the other... Read more 
Love this place! Amazing labane and the chocolate babka cake is to die for. In general the food is really good. I love the fact that they are open late band the serves is always great. This is one of the best places in downtown Pali Alto.
The best chicken - EVER! Everything here was exceptional and unlike any other "mediterranean" or middle eastern cuisine. It is Israeli but uses many of the same, yet distinctly different spices. Loved the taboulleh, hummus, chicken and surprisingly, the carrots. Eat here - often!
Loved the place! Yummy hummus and falafels!!!
Cool, casual and clean atmosphere. Friendly service and a healthy, wholesome unique menu. Great pita sandwiches for a pic nic too.
Good place for a quick unique meal. If you like hummus and a New York feel place - limited seating a little noise, but a must if you are in the Palo Alto area.
The Hummus is fantastic. Friendly atmosphere and open LATE- Midnight on a thursday night. Love that.
Best chicken kebabs I've ever had! Great hummus, awesome sides... I'll be here a couple times a week!
I decided to stop in for lunch after reading several reviews about this place. It was quite crowded and noisy, but the wait staff was very attentive and nice. I felt that the tables were a bit too close for comfort, but the place is kind of small and they had a lot of customers, so it was ok. I ordered the chicken skewer with hummus and sweet potato fries. Sadly, the chicken was average tasting and a little fatty. I had hoped for more since their menu makes mention of a 'secret seasoning', but I wasn't impressed. I'm not a big hummus fan, but I did enjoy it and thought it was pretty good. The sweet potato fries rocked. All in all, a good dining experience and I'd go back to try something else. Hopefully my next visit is a little tastier.
This place is great.  Everything is good, the prices are very reasonable and the service is fantastic.  I will be eating here a lot.
A casual Israeli place in Palo Alto? What is not to love? Great food, well priced, plus a few to go items. And it is open from 11am to 12mindnight EVERYDAY. That is what earned it a fifth star. (Bonus points for being within two blocks of the Stanford Theater)
The little boy absolutely adores hummus, but will ONLY eat home-made (we know a lady who makes awesome stuff).  Since Oren's Hummus shop opened, we've been meaning to see if he would be willing to get his fix here. Success!  He chowed down on yummy, smooth, unctuous hummus -- totally unlike the library paste that pre-packed hummus is like -- with mushrooms, scooped up with soft and thick pita.  He also loved the falafel, which were crispy on the outside and tender on the inside.... perfect!    The adults tried the kebabs with sweet potato fries.... kebabs were OK, but the sweet potato fries were fantastic, thick-cut and GBD. The harissa was delicious on everything, and the green chili was nicely spicy. Service:  10 stars!!  Our server was attentive, nice, and when we asked for more pita to go with our leftover hummus (big big serving), he gave us a fresh batch of about 5!! Small design peeves:  The to go boxes are too big for the to go bags, so they sit sideways and the hummus seeps out.   Suggest bigger bags!  The to go boxes are also made of compostable cardboard, so by the end of the day the hummus soaks through the box.  Suggest compostable plastic containers for the hummus!
Best hummus in the bay area! The food is excellent, all home made, fresh and delicious. Prices are very affordable, too.
As an israeli,I had forgot that taste that oren the way he prepares his hummus.I loved it and will go again. Finally a good hummus,may be some production of his hummus to the bay area ?
Very friendly and helpful service and good food. A great casual option on University Ave.
Excellent hummus, the closest to Israeli hummus I've tasted in the SF bay area. The pita, poppyseed babka and shakshuka are also great.
As an Israeli stranded in the bay area, I was hoping for years for an authentic Tel-Aviv hummus place. This is it!
This was an experience I was striving for, for way too long. I had the  ("triple"? I forgot its name) Hummus in a deep dish (just like 'at home') - added an egg, Mushroom and with all the spices around enjoyed it very much. The setting is all "palo alto" - and it's a good thing.
A friend told me about this great place. The hummus is as close to the original as it gets. The chopped Israeli salad is awesome and the falafel is really good. And - unlike many hummus places - the decor is very nice. Thumbs up as long as quality stays as good as it is now.
It rates highly if just for the pita. Being stranded in North America means I can't get pita bread although the grocery store sells a sand based product they label "pita" which disintegrates when touched. The next thing you know your falafels are sitting forlornly on the plate with the remnants of the inexcusably pathetic flatbread. The pita here was soft, fresh, and did not disintegrate at all. Humus was also excellent but I may have to go again to refresh my memory. (That goes double for the babaganoush.) Prices were Palo Alto and not Baghdad of course, but they didn't pull the california fusion bs at least.
At last a semi-normal humus in the bay area!
This place is really cheap and really good.  The main reason I give this place 5 stars instead of 4 are the prices.
A new neighborhood lunch favorite!  Amazing hummus!  The falafel and carrots are exceptional!  A welcome addition to university avenue!
probably shouldn't go here alone.  best to share a hummus entree since it's so much.  had the hummus chickpea -- probably would have preferred hummus classic, since the hummus itself was very good.  went into chickpea overload, also slightly expensive, and the falafel extra were a little soggy.  babaganush was tasty with nice smokey flavor.  overall pricey though.
Love this place!!!
Finally an authentic israeli restaurant in the bay area! This place is sooooo good, I went there... Read more 
At home dinner didn't turn out the way I wanted to, so at the last minute we thought we go out and grab a bite to eat.  We stumbled across this restaurant looking for something quick, warm and good to eat.  We found Oren's and were surprised that there was a wait on a Tuesday night while other restaurants on University were not that busy.  We put our names down on the waiting list and less then 5 minutes we got a table. We ordered the sweet potato fries, beef hummus which had ground beef and hummus, and a vegetarian hummus plate which had ground fava beans and hummus.  It was really filling and very tasty.  The hummus entrees look deceiving, since they look rather small but they are rather filling.  We asked for more and more bread since we could  not finish the hummus without scooping it up without the bread.  At the end we had to bring some of the leftovers home since we could not finish it all, except for the sweet potato fries. Service was okay.  We had to tell them when we were ready to order but the waiter was rather attentive after that.  He also asked how the food was and if we needed anything else. Will be back to try some of the skewers.
I ate at Oren's Hummus Shop with my friend a week ago before we went to go see a movie and we loved the whole experience.  We were in a hurry and the service was prompt, efficient and extremely courteous.  The server brought us water and cabbage (which was delicious by the way) without our even asking.  We were given as much pita as we wanted without complaint or question. The whole time we dined we felt welcome and at home.  My friend had the hummus with beef on top, which she loved.  I had the hummus with mushrooms, which I adore, and the tabouleh salad.  The portions were so generous that we both were able to take our leftovers home with us.  The desserts are also delicious, particularly the different varieties of bobka and the snowballs.  You can't find bobka this delicious anywhere else outside of New York.  We will be back often and we highly recommend it to other diners!
Just stopped in for dinner on a Thur night. It was full when we arrived around 7 but got really busy after 8.  The food was decent but nothing to rave about. My husband had the chicken kebab which had maybe 4-5 small chunks of grilled chicken thigh (for $11.95?).  I had the 2 beef kebab that came with more which I expected to save for lunch but had to share some with my husband because he was still hungry.  The chicken was tasty for sure, but the portion was small for the price.  The beef was only ok, it was ground meat and a little on the medium side, didn't seem full cooked through which was ok for me as I generally like my burgers medium.  For people who prefer welldone, they should check or request. The entrees came with 2 sides each so we both got hummus which was good but quite tangy, I had quinoa which was ok a bit bland and he had sweet potato fries which I thought were pretty good.  The pita bread was good, big and fluffy, slightly warm, definitely more bready than the ones you normally get around. Service, however, was pretty slow and inefficient.  It took a while to get our food, we had to ask for pita, took a long time to get our check, etc.  The people outside were hardly getting service and had to stand up and flag down the waiter.  The indoor space is very cramped and not that comfortable. Overall, decent food but small portions for the price and slow service. Go again?  Possibly, but I think there are better/cheaper middle eastern places around town.
The idea is great, and I hope these guys will take the critics seriously, improve and keep it going. I'll start from the bottom line: Hummus (nice variety and generous portions) is much better than most hummus places in the Bay Area, but still nothing more than just OK compare to the real thing.  A bit more lemon, olive oil and cumin and then a good spicy lemon / garlic / olive oil on the side will take it to a different level - trust me. Skewers: I'll pass. Guys, how complicated is to make reasonable chicken tights or beef kabob? Most Parisian / Mediterranean / Turkish places around offer much better quality / selection. Falafel: Good taste, but over cooked and dry. Other side dishes - pretty good, some are better like the babaganoush. Service was pretty good. I know other complained, but when we were in it was quite busy and still we've got the attention. Prices and atmosphere - better than reasonable.
Whoever came up with this idea is a genius. The food is delicious as well. This hummus just blows the two pack I get from Costco out of the water. The hummus is smooth and creamy, and has the perfect balance of flavor. Usually the boyfriend and I get one of the hummus entrees, and three sides. The hummus beef and the hummus mushroom are both really good. As for sides, we get the beets (SO good), sweet potato fries (some of the best we've had), and one of the eggplants. The eggplants are more like a spread, and also super creamy. They are super smoky, and you can tell they use real smoke, not the liquid smoke. They tasted fine, but the smoke was a bit overwhelming. Not sure if I like the eggplants, I'll have to try them again. You can also ask for their hot sauces (free!). They bring you a green and a red sauce; we personally prefer the red. The red is less spicy and has a very garlicky taste to it. I love me some garlic. The pitas are also very good. They are not the normal thin pitas, they look like big english muffins. But so much better. There are two choices, the wheat and the white. The wheat is good, until you have the white. The wheat is a little dry, and just lacks body. So I go for the white. Overall, I like this place a lot. Will definitely be back soon.
Awesome sauces!  Great service!  Thoroughly enjoyed this unique concept.  Great addition to Palo Alto!
We just got the take out hummus and pickles and pita, but it is outstanding and SO delicious! Who knew hummus with pickles would be so addictive!  I brought it into the office to share and everyone wishes there was one in the city!
Regular hummus. Asked for whole wheat bread. It wasn't staright out of the oven.
I couldn't wait to try out this new place in PA that is quickly becoming an establishment. I'm a huge hummus fan and consider myself somewhat of a mediterranean foodie, especially after coming back from Greece where I got to try some of the real stuff...So Oren's had a lot to live up to... the hummus? great portion size, and very tasty-- we got it with fava beans on top which definitely added to the taste, or else it could have gotten a little monotonous about halfway through the bowl. We also tried three of the sides: the tomatoes, the beet salad, and the Romanian eggplant. The tomatoes definitely were the best, though the other two were quite good. The eggplant had an interesting, smoky aftertaste. All of this, with unlimited whole wheat pita bread for $15? It made for a very satisfactory meal for 2. I will definitely come back, though I hope that the servers realize that they need to be a little more conscious while at work...they we're very absentminded and even spilled food on the party next to us. Highlights: the hummus, exotic flavors, and the price.
Tried it today. Was really looking forward to finally having a real Israeli hummus place in the bay area. The good news - the hummus is closer to what it is supposed to be than any of the other attempts I have seen around here. The bad news - it is still not the real thing... The texture and pitot may be right but the taste is just not there. I also tried the Kabab - it was very spicy (why?) and raw in the inside. Oh well.. Back to square one..
I like Oren's food, but had a bad experience with food poisoning after a take-out. I won't eat there again.
The hummus was really good, and amazed my friends who used to like the standard Costco and Safeway hummus, which they now think is second rate. But be warned, the prices are higher than most places because the hummus is a meal, not an appetizer as most have come to expect. If you are hosting a dinner party pick some up, serve it as an appetizer, and tell your guests it is home made... it's that good.
I love love love this place. Service was spotty but food was delicious. Will definitely come back.
excellent food made with high quality organic ingredients. if you like spicy dont miss the harissa hot sauce
they have great pita bread, i'll give them that.  everything else i had, including the hummus was just like whatever.
The appertizers were OK, but the main dish (chicken kabob) was fantastic. Nice casual cafe-type venue. Will recommend.
I liked it, the hummus was really good, the chicken and veggie kabobs had a yummy flavor, and the sweet potato fries were delicious! We enjoyed trying this new place and will definitely come back in the near future:)
Terrific Israeli style mediterranean food. A little less pepper than usual Arabic version. A little more character than Turkish versions. Yummy
wow, if every new place was this thoughtful, original, and well executed, you wouldn't see near the turnover in restaurants that is typical.  i came with 2 co-workers, and we ordered a couple of the hummuses (is it hummi?  what's the plural), including the one with beef and the one with mushrooms.  both were awesome.  we also had a few of the apps, which were also quite good.  as mentioned in other reviews, the pita is the star of the show.  best (and different) i have ever had.  don't forget to ask for the spicy red chili sauce on the side.
Yummy Hummus and Falafel.  Horrible parking in the area.
I am a fan of Oren's Hummus!  Hummus are creamy, smooth and sooo yummy!  Their menu is simple, but made with fresh ingredients.  Hummus with mushroom, marinated beet salad and freshly made pitas are my favorite!  One down side is service could be slow.  It would be a fun place to go with group of people so you can try different things.
Went for dinner tonight, their opening night,  excited to have a new place to eat at on University, as we mostly eat out , so it gets quite boring , and we expected everything to be really good , as we like mediterranean / middle  eastern cuisine... well this didn't happen. Ordered hummus with beef - was very bad, and presented as an appetizer, while on the menu was categorized as entree,a and for 11-12 $ ( not sure ) was very disappointing , babaganoush - the worst I ever had, with cilantro ?!! why? , and beef kebab with fries , the meat was grounded, for that price (18$) I expected nice pieces of meat , not that, and the fries were the only good thing we ate . They brought some pickles - so and so, and 2 sauces for pita , both being really awful , and the pita was nothing special .  The place itself looks nice, I liked the decor , and the service was slow but not bad . I would not recommend this place , and we will not go back . We love lebanese and middle eastern cuisine, is one of the best , but the israeli version we had tonight was one of the worst meals we had .
Fresh food, tasty dishes. Meat dishes are on the small side though.
The hummus and pita are fantastic!  It's a great deal-- you can choose 3 sides for $5.95.   I have grown up on Israeli food, and although the salads were good, they did not overwhelm me.  The falafel was also good, but again, nothing overwhelming.  However, this place is fun, casual and a great bang for your buck.
Good hummus, good pita, nothing I ordered was disappointing.  Not as good as some of the better places in LA, but certainly the best Israeli food I have had in the bay area.
Upping to 5 stars. Falafel Sandwich for $6.95 makes for an excellent quick and inexpensive lunch option. Everything I've had there is great.
Hummus was tasty, not the best i've had but pretty good. Homemade pita was great - blow away... Read more 
Best Hummus in America.  You need to go to Oren's Hummus shop as soon as possible.  Hummus with mushrooms, incredible.  Falafel, very very tasty.  Everything is good, great room and fun crowd.  The place to go in Palo Alto.
As an Israeli, I'd really like to be able to write a raving review of Oren's Hummus Shop. Unfortunately, I can only give it a passable at best. The food is tasty, but it is very expensive (our meal was ~$18 / person) for the simplicity and variety of dishes being served. If you do go here definitely go with a large group and get a mix of appetizers and main dishes.
Awesome place. Great genuine food.
pita bread leaves something to be desired (even though they have white and wheat), but their hummus, falafel, and olive oil are extremely delicious. get the hummus mushrooms. you won't regret it.
I am in love! They have Israeli olives and pickles!  The humus was great and the pita was very fresh.  I don't know why people were complaining about the service, our waitress was incredibly friendly and attentive.  I wish the sides portions were slightly bigger, but its reasonably priced and I got to try a lot of different things.  I will absolutely be back!
nice hummus, good skewers
Best hummus in the bay area by far. If you miss Israeli food or just getting to know it - this is the place.
I went with a fairly large group for this size of restaurant, and we ordered family style.  The Israeli salad was my favorite thing, but many of the things we ordered were delicious.  The pita bread was really soft and fluffy.  Not too expensive, especially for University Ave, and very friendly service!
I would've given this place 4 stars for the delicious hummus, warm & yummy pita bread, and well marinated chicken skewers but the service was pretty lackluster. Since it was our first time here (and for lunch on a weekday afternoon), our server was helpful in telling us about the popular dishes and flexible with our order. But afterwards he disappeared for the rest of our meal, only coming back to clean up our plates. Dessert which was essentially chocolate croissants were ridiculously overpriced too. But overall the hummus is yum - mushroom & onion is the best!
Best Hummus & Israeli food in the Bay Area! the Pita, Hummus, Olives and Pickles reminded me of the food in Israel. Been there almost weekely since they've opened =)
Great for snacks, great for meals, great for work, great for kids!
Delicious hummus, truly delicious.
Wonderful hummus - had the hummus triangle (hummus topped with fava beans, warm chickpeas & tahina) - the pita is homemade and the whole wheat pita is fantastic - liked it better than the regular pita and finally the Romanian Eggplant is out of this world great!!
