Wow, the spicy Manchurian chicken was really awesome. It's definitely not for the faint of heart. Be ready to work up a sweat while eating this dish. We also had the spicy tofu and chow fun which were pretty good as well. We will definitely be coming back here!
Jeff J. and Sophia T. WHY would you do this to me? After reading y'alls reviews I ordered the Manchurian Chicken for delivery, eagerly awaitng delicious spicy fried chicken to accompany the 1st football game of the season. It was terrible. I love spicy food (sriracha on errrything) but this chicken had no flavor other than tasting like the chef fell for the unscrewed lid trick and dumped an entire jar of pepper flakes into this dish. mapo tofu was underwhelming. surprisingly the broccoli in the beef and broccoli was good but the meat was bland. i'm really hoping that they were having an off day or the food was off because it was delivered rather than served fresh. otherwise i fell victim to a cruel hoax perpetrated on me by Jeff and Sophia. Terrible.  I will go to this place in person and see if it's different.
I was reluctant to try this place because of a review about food being too salty and greasy. That turned out not to be true for the dishes I ordered. The food was all standard fare and arrived really quickly which was great since we were starving. Manchurian Chicken: Delicious! It's fried chicken tossed in a lot of dried chilies. It's slightly salty and not as spicy as it looks. It's only med spicy but should be much hotter. Regardless, it's a must try dish if you're here. Vegetable Chowmein: This was cooked nicely and well flavored. Not greasy at all which was a plus. Vegetable & Tofu: Standard stuff. My only issue was that it contained the exact same veggies as my chow mein dish. I wish they told us. I would have ordered something else.
Really wonderful sichuan food! Eat there four times with friends!
?&%$#@! I love spicy food and this place didn't disappoint. Practically everything on the menu is spicy. I can't write much in this review because I went with a bunch of Chinese friends and I had no idea what we ordered and ate but it was all good! The only thing I remember our server saying to me was that one of their dish we ordered was called "911 Chicken". I'm going back soon to explore the other menu items.
This place is owned by the same couple who used to rum Su Gia in Newark. I literally couldn't have survived in Northern California if I hadn't found Su Gia. The couple are both Taiwanese but the food was authentic Sichuan food. They closed the restaurant in 2008 and reopened Da Sichuan in Palo Alto after I moved out. It has been a very sad setup because me and my husband with another couple used to go to Su Gia so often that we became friends with the owners and owners told us that they moved to Palo Alto so that we could all be closer. And now we are all far away and haven't been able to see each other for years. Finally a friend of mine was getting married and I flew back to the Bay Area for the wedding. One day I went to Da Sichuan for lunch. The owner saw me and started screaming with joy. We took pictures together and sent them to the other couple friends. Now back to the food. I ordered a stir-fried vegetable, Spicy crispy fish and fish noodles. The cooks are different from before so the food was not what I remembered but still as good as Sichuan food gets in the US. The fish noodles are particularly different and I told the owner what the difference was. She took it back and had the cook work on it to make it taste like before. Besides what we ordered, they brought out some appetizers and dessert. They were all really good but please forgive us we just didn't have enough space in our stomach to finish them all. People like the 911 chicken but I have always been a fan of the fish (same way of making it but instead of chicken it's fish). Their Sichuan pickles are also very good. I also liked the fried intestines with celeries but I doubt most Americans can agree with this. One thing so great about this place is that you can always tell them what you want and they will try to accomodate your needs. The owners are really nice people and you can count on them.
This place is officially my new go-to Chinese place in the South Bay, when I'm wanting real meat (sorry Garden Fresh). Half of this review is for the super friendly family that runs the place. They are a delight, to be honest. They almost seem like sketch comedy actors, in the way they interact with each other and the customers. This review is for two occasions -- one with my mother and one with my boyfriend. The first time, with my mom, I was wearing the Google "gaygler" shirt with a pride flag on it. At the close of the meal, the owner asked me about the flag. I'm thinking "whoa... immigrant lady... gay pride flag... how's this going to go?" When I looked uncomfortable, she said (without missing a beat) that it reminded her of the flag of coalition political parties in her country (Taiwan), and that she liked it. Yay! Maybe she wouldn't have liked it if she'd known it was about gay pride, but whatever. I think she's sweet anyway. The second time, she kept bringing my boyfriend and I pieces of Manchurian Chicken to try, as some vegetarian group had been mistakenly served real chicken instead of vegetarian "chicken." When we left, she brought us tootsie roll pops and filled our to-go boxes with tons of extra rice (as they were closing, and I'm sure they had extra). And... let's be honest. We're obviously homos. So kudos to the owner for being sweet to us despite what I (in a totally stereotypical way) am assuming are some cultural reservations. Umm, yeah, the food is good too. I recommend: - Manchurian Chicken. It's spicy, and tasty, but not as spicy as they'll tell you. Anyone with a decent affinity for spicy food will love it. - Sweet and Sour Chicken. It's the perfect Americanized chicken, covered in a great sauce. Don't think it's authentic, but it's solid for what you expect. - General's Chicken. Same as sweet and sour chicken, except I think they add some real citrus juice or something to give it a nice flavor. - The potstickers were excellent. - The portions were huge -- we ate our takeout for a full dinner the next night. As we did when my mom and I visited a couple of weeks earlier. In sum, the food here is better than solid -- it's actually really good. The prices are Palo Alto-reasonable ($8-$13/entree, with Manchurian Chicken costing $13). The people who run it are wonderful, and received a 25% tip each time. I'm all about supporting businesses like this.
Grew up in Hunan, I love spicy food, and I have been back to this place several times, and is still my go to place when I crave for spicy food. You should definitely try Manchurian Chicken (Chongqing Chicken) if you can handle spicy food. It is fried Chicken buried in a pot of super hot chili. It is crispy outside and tender inside, and SPICY. i always take the left off chili back home and cook other dishes with it, and all my friends love the spice and have asked me where i get the pepper. After eating Manchurian Chicken, the boiled beef tastes really bland. and for that dish  they use way too much meat tenderizer. Downside for eating here is that all the dishes are super salty and greasy. They also use a lot of MSG. I always have to drink a ton of water after eating there. The couple running the places are really friendly and chilled. Some people might seen it as rude though when they just yelled at you behind the counter when you ask for things. But it is just how they are. Sometime the woman comes over and chat with me, you don't get that much. I am giving it 4 stars because the food could be better. The environment is decent for family, friends hanging out, or maybe even a casual date.
Great authentic sichuan food with plenty of that numbing mala pepper and really spicy ingredients.  If you want to try this numbing sichuan pepper, get the Volcano Beef. I suggest ordering the spiciest dishes because they are the chef's specialties. Boiled lamb/chicken/fish or the (Chongqing) hot pot are also great choices. For vegetarians, there is a good tofu hot pot that I had one time. The place is well-maintained with plenty of seating. The nice lady there always has lollipops for my mentally disabled friend David. The bottom line: A NOU favorite
On a weekday night, this place was pretty full, mainly with Stanford students and locals from the area, so you know that there is demand in the area for a quality, affordable Chinese restaurant. Da Sichuan Bistro is like any other strip mall restaurant along El Camino Real.  The decor is simple, basic, and uninspiring.  But most seem to come here for the spicy Sichuan style food. The menu is fairly extensive and also has a long vegetarian dish section.  We sample a broad variety.  Most items are under $10, but their specialty items tend to be close to $13-15. West Lake Minced Beef Soup - minced water chestnuts, some ground beef, and some egg flavor.  Very simple preparation.  Wasn't overly spiced or flavorful. Fish Sliced with Vegetable - boiled fish is served in a sauce with vegetables and rice crackers.  Decent fish flavor and a simple dish. Won Ton in Chili Sauce - I love this dish at Joy in Foster City and thought I'd try the version here.  It was appropriately spicy and had nice fresh won tons, but also had a maddeningly sweet vinegar sauce.  I'm not sure if that's the regional preparation, but I didn't like it. Lamb with Cumin - the highlight of the evening and a specialty here.  The lamb was lean and tasty, the cumin added some great heat with the chili peppers.  I enjoyed this and liked the stir fried onions with rice. Overall, Da Sichuan was neither a bistro nor a standout restaurant.  The signature dishes are a bit unique given the majority of the restaurants in the area and probably what you should stick to unless you like Americanized Chinese lemon chicken or chow mein.  Although the prices here are reasonable, the prices add up with signature Sichuan dishes, but it's a good choice for groups.  I'd say to expect $15-20/person, but you can find much more solid Sichuan fare in San Mateo or Cupertino. Da Sichuan Bistro accepts credit cards, but not American Express.
Amazing. Five years in the SF Bay Area, and I've finally found a place that captures the 'ma la' essence of Sichuan cuisine. Once the Manchurian Chicken came to the table (bone-in, the way it should be), I could smell the combination of fiery chili alongside the citrus-like, tingly scent of the Sichuan peppercorn. Diving in amongst the chilis, I picked out a generous piece of perfectly-fried chicken and prepared for the spicy/numbing sensation that comes with classic Sichuan food. Without hesitation, it unfolded - the intense heat of dried chili awakening the taste buds, a dose of garlic and cilantro rounding out the flavor. Just as the mouth is ready to set off a five-alarm fire, the Sichuan peppercorn kicks in to  soothe the taste buds for the next bite. And so it continues, bite after bite, this yin-yang interplay of fire and ice. It is truly one of the great gustatory experiences this world has to offer. Thankfully, I now know where to find it in the SF Bay Area.
Very spartan setting - don't expect anything date-like or romantic - but solid Sichuan food for cheap. One thing I liked is they have a huge and varied vegeterian menu.
Finally! I've found a Chinese restaurant that actually fills the void left by New China Delight (Castro St., Mountain View) which went out of business in 2011. I've been here twice now and have had the following entrees: * Mongolian Beef - spicy and wonderful when first served and still hot, but a little rubbery after it's had a chance to cool off. * Volcano Beef - same as the Mongolian beef but with broccoli instead of scallions. * Kung Pao Chicken - pretty tasty, almost barbecue-style chicken with unusually large peanuts. * Manchurian Fish Filet - basking in a pile of red chili peppers, this spicy fried favorite of mine is definitely on par with New China Delight's version! Please note that my more knowledgable dining companion knew to ask for everything without the szechuan pepper corn oil so as to avoid the weird flavor infusion and mouth-numbing effect.
We went there with a large group of friends on a hot afternoon.  Ironically, we ate some hot Szechuan and Taiwanese dishes.  They are willing to go up and down on the spicy, hotness scale, depending on the dish.  The food is well-prepared.  It is family run (native Taiwanese like me) and caters to people of ALL presuasions.  The fish and chicken entres in general are tender and are especially made just right.  We plan on returning as often as we like when we are in the area.
Stopped by for dinner. Got there at 6:30 on a Thursday and they were empty. By 8 they were almost full. Stick with the sichuan dishes - we got boiled fish and combo chow mein (yes, I know it's not sichuan). Boiled fish was so tender and flavorful. Good amount of spicy (might be too spicy for normal people), but whatever you're at a sichuan restaurant. Make sure you order white rice to soak up all the delicious oils. Chow mein was alright/standard - chewy, tasty noodles and good amount of meat and shrimp. Nothing special. Nice and accomodating service. I fooled them into giving me all-Chinese menus (guess my "party of 2" is without accent, ha-ha!) but got my Chinese points revoked when I had to ask for English menus... $30 for 2 entrees, tax, tip.
Come here only if you like spicy food. Recommendations: Manchurian Chicken (Chongqing Chicken) Lamb with Cumin Boiled Beef Filet These guys get sloppy string beans and use some older ones.
Not an Americanized Chinese restaurant. Flavors, texture of dishes are authentic Sichuan. Waiter is very nice, ask him what  like/dislike and they will pick for you. Sichuan cuisine is not only famous for spicy but contrasts in textures and sour/salty combinations. Chongqing HotPot: Mushrooms, seafood, tofu combination comes in a boiling hotpot with sterno on the bottom. Has multiple hot flavors including the slightly numb in the mouth feeling from sichuan peppercorns. Good balance of different types of chilis. Fish Noodle: very good, smoky dried mushrooms complemented the soft fish. Spices brought out the contrast in texture between soft fish and hard mushroom. Will never find this in PF Changs. A bit salty for me though. Could use 2/3 less salt. No MSG. Didnt get the feeling I had to drink water to rehydrate after.
This place is ok. Hot and sour soup was not hot at all. Spaghetti noodle was ok as well. The only saving grace was Manchurian. It was amazingly spicy. I enjoyed a lot. Will add the pic as well. Unless u r in the area don't waste time driving here for this Chinese joint
I went here for a brunch with my fellow dormmates. They were very accommodating with so many people. We ate very basic things, like beef and broccoli, and potstickers. However, all of the food was pretty good. They even have a separate menu for vegetarians, which is so nice, because we are in hipster and bourgie palo alto after all. However, it's nothing special, so I'll probably only go if other people want to go eat here.
Argh! Take back my old review--no longer worth revisiting! My second experience was basically a reverse of the first.  The food was average at BEST, with certain dishes being well below average.   The chow fun was extremely salty.  No real flavor at all..just plain salt. Ew.  The string beans we had to send back.  They were sooo old/unfresh and downright inedible.  But the service was surprisingly good.  They apologized profusely for the string beans (they were THAT bad) and gave us another vegetable dish.  I definitely appreciate the friendly and accommodating service, which was unlike the first time we went. I guess stick to the Sichuan dishes here.  Everything else resulted in a bad experience.
FINALLY found a Chinese restaurant in Palo Alto worth revisiting.  Growing up in Southern California... Read more 
I really like this place.  They are really generous with the sichuan peppercorns, so you get a good numb going on your tongue, and it's just soooo good.  We got the house chicken with the bone in (definitely going for deboned next time), the cumin lamb (a really good counterpoint to the chicken) and big pea pod shoot-leaf things (not on the menu) -- and it was all SO GOOD. There is parking in back, they speak very little English (and I speak no Mandarin, but we managed to communicate).  My only comments are that the brown rice is mushy (go with the white, what we thinking), and there are frequently large groups of Stanford students here on weekends, so go early.
Well... that was disappointing. We called because it said they delivered. When they answered my husband asked if they really do deliver, the lady said "I don't know!" ...really? She was pushy and rude. So we had to go pick up our order. The man there was nice and personable. I wanted to like the food after talking to him. But we just couldn't. The Manchurian chicken, was spicy and bland. It was 60% chile peppers and 40% chicken. My husband likes spice but he couldn't eat it. I got the Orange Chicken and... blegh. I ate it but it wasn't good at all. My husband tasted it and said it was way too orangey, but I like orange and I didn't like it. Weird after taste or something. The wantons and egg rolls were better than the actual meal. So I suppose if you just want appetizers go here.
Went for lunch to DSB. Last time I had food like this was at a Sichuan restaurant in Beijing.  Very different, authentic tasting Sichuan food served by a very friendly waitress and waiter.  While she was from Taiwan, she said her cook is from Sichuan, and I would believe it. Had Manchurian Chicken and a fish stew in a spicy and incredibly tasty cauldron of chilis, garlic and sichuan peppercorns.  Manchurian chicken was also delicious. Only downside was that there was no lunch menu with smaller portions/lower prices, but the upside to that was more food to eat!  Sichuan cuisine is on the greasier side and if you want something light, this probably isn't the right place, but if you're looking for spicy, tasty, authentic Sichuan cuisine, this is definitely the place.
I am so bummed to have to give Da Sichuan just one star. I've been nudging my boyfriend to break away from our favorite Jing Jing to give this place a try, but our very first order last night was completely disappointing. We chose the paper-wrapped crab, kung pao chicken, and hot and sour soup, all for delivery. The crab was great, but the kung pao and soup lacked the fiery flavor we've come to expect from Jing Jing. More to the point, however, was the fact that our total came to $50.63. We only had $20 bills, so we asked for change. The delivery driver said he didn't have any, so we had to fork over $60. Really? I was a delivery driver for a restaurant in college, and they always stocked me with plenty of cash. If I didn't have change for a customer, I had to eat the cost. Also, as a former delivery driver, I know a $10 tip on a $50 order is obscene. What a complete rip off. I think we would consider ordering the crab again if we didn't have such a horrible customer experience, but now it's back to Jing Jing for good. Not only are they MUCH faster (even for delivery), their food is more flavorful and I've never left feeling jipped.
Authentic with excellent service. My friend and I came in close to closing time, but we were warmly welcome to come in. We ordered a Spicy Beef (shui zhu niu rou) and spicy/sour potato...strings? (not sure how to translate properly: ma la tu dou si) Both were fantastic, even though it was slightly beyond my spice tolerance. Will definitely come back!
Having Chinese food in Palo Alto has always been a unpleasant, expensive, and underwhelming experience.  Most of the time you leave feeling like you spent way too much money for lousy food.  Despite the legions of Chinese people working for companies in the area, Palo Alto just has not delivered despite a captive market. Enter DSB.  The food is good, authentic, and affordable.  They also deliver which is great.  The portions are large so no need to over order.  Worth the drive out of downtown Palo Alto.
the taste of the food is good, but price is a bit higher for Chinese food. I usually always order the "leek & smoked pork" dish, but they seem to always put a lot more "fatty pork" and very little leek in the dish.  It's like they are trying to jib the customers.  I also ordered the "fish and sour cabbage" soup, it's tasty, but the portion is small for the price they charge.  I also tried the "fish and leek" dumplings, again, they charge $1.25 for each dumpling, pricey for dumpling!
Love this place. Friendly Owners and their spice is out of this world!!!!
Hands down the best Chinese west of Milpitas, and it gives South Legend a serious run for its money.  The boiled beef is absolutely delicious:  a bowl full of chili oil, sichuan peppercorns, garlic, and ginger. Fortune cookie says: I'll be back.
The super top secret about Da Sichuan Bistro is not that it's tasty. That's a fact, not a secret. The secret is that it has a vegetarian menu, full of spicy Sichuan classics re-interpreted as meatless dishes. My personal favorites -- water boiled veggie beef, double fried veggie pork, and some sort of fake intestine thing. I've actually never dine in there, only got takeout in the past. But I did have a few opportunities to chat with the owners of the restaurant. They are super sweet folks from Taiwan who have a love for good vegetarian Sichuan food. Food is always absolutely authentic and delicious.
Went here for lunch last week.  I like my Chinese food to be greasy and spicy and vegetarian and this place satisfied on all counts.  We had the boiled beef, which was good, and a dry wok tofu dish, which was AMAZING!  Both dishes were spicy and flavorful. The folks at the table next to us had a dish which looked like a big platter of red chilies, so this place is not for faint of heart.  But, if you like spicy, it's a good place to go. They have an extensive vegetarian menu and I can't wait to try some of the other dishes.
I loved this place.  The fiery lamb was indeed fiery, but more than that, it was delicious.  Great flavor!  The fish mustard soup was incredibly flavorful.  No more hot 'n sour soup for me.  And the service was excellent.  Being a gringo, she was a little concerned with what I was ordering and checked on me multiple times to see how it was going.  It was going well.  Very well.
The most amazing vegetarian food!  And now they offer beer, which is awesome. I would, however, suggest eating in instead of ordering delivery.  The very kind gentleman who takes your order on the phone barely speaks a word of English, and the two times I've ordered on the phone, the calls lasted at least 15 minutes.
I tried this for the first and last time last week. Ordered to go. The only unusual dish I ordered was a Spicy Fish Noodle dish (based on their recommendation). I would say that it was the best of the bunch and the most unique. Unfortunately, I found most the the flavors of the dishes to be lacking. It was all a bit too saucy and without a lot of clear flavor. It seemed like a nice place, but the food did not impress. Prices seemed reasonable. Also, someone should check, but I had a rare headache after eating the food which is my sign that there was a lot of MSG. It might have just been me.
What is it these days about restaurants adding "Bistro" to their name?  I'm guessing it's to make themselves sound more classy. Based on the name alone, I had expected something that looked slightly upscale; maybe with a nice bar and subdued lighting; But in fact, this is your basic strip mall Chinese spot, serving food in a bland atmosphere; I'd call the decor a cross between "cafeteria" and "fast-food." Definitely not "Bistro" Nevertheless, if you ignore the false promise of the name, it's not a bad choice for quick and tasty Chinese. Their $6.95 lunch special is what you'd call a steal, even though the options are limited and mostly Americanized. Here's what I've tried so far: -- Prawns with vegetables: Quite good and very fresh. Prawns were largish and meaty. 3.5 stars. -- Kung pao chicken. Hot and sour soup was a little "off" so I didn't finish it.  The Kung Pao was pretty good and full of extra veggies like carrots and squash; Good portions; Good price  3.5 stars. On both my visits the place was almost entirely devoid of customers. (The staff seemed happy to see me).  I'm sure I'll be back, but probably only as a back-up option, since I find the vibe here slightly depressing.
You know that Sichuan place on California?  Yeah, that place is crap.  This is the real deal. How real?  Chef sitting on a bucket, smoking in parking lot real.  The people here are about as old-school Asian as you can get.  You don't come here for the ambience; you come here for the food. That said, the place is probably a little understaffed.  If you come when it's busy, be warned. With regards to specific dishes, I'd recommend the twice cooked pork, eggplant in garlic sauce, and chongqing hot pot. PS: Out-of-staters, yeah, they still charge for rice.
Palo Alto quality with Palo Alto ambience without the Palo Alto price tag.  (Well, it *is* more expensive than Panda Express...) We had planned to be in PA for the day, and decided to do our once-a-month eat-out here.  We all decided on Chinese.  After reading so many good reviews of Da Sichuan on Yelp, we figured this would be a winner.  It was. Kinda fancy (white tablecloths) but not over-the-top.  Prices are reasonable.  Like many Chinese restaurants, the spicy entrees are marked, so you can get them - or avoid them.  I had garlic pork, my hunny had sweet & sour chicken.  Looked small, but very filling, and very taaaas-teee.  And even though I wore my blue-and-gold CAL t-shirt and it's a mile from Stanfurd, they didn't throw me out :-) One beef:  our preschool girl was with us, and although she was good, we had trouble finding something that she might like.  No kids section on the menu.  We ended up with dumplings, but she ended up eating mostly the rice. Overall, good value, great date place, and you can bring the kids but be warned that it's not really for them.
Yelp ratings were good, so we decided to give it a try.. besides that it was walking distance from where we were at. Came here for a to go order. Volcano Beef- A dry wok dish. Sliced beef cooked with Szechuan pepper corns, red spices, which is surrounded by broccoli. chili peppers, garlic, ginger- this was a pretty good dish, looked a lot spicier than it tasted.. well for me it did. Only the meat had heat and the broccoli's where on the side, steamed. Walnut Prawns- Prawns, deep-fried then smothered with a light-sweet milk mayonnaise, garnished with candied walnuts- prawn was cooked nicely, the sauce was a tad sweet for my taste, not bad nor the best. Chow Fun with shredded pork- this was on the bland side and the noodles where clumped together. Overall, the lady took my order quickly and it didn't take long for it to be finished packing either.  The food was average, I'm sure some dishes are better than others, the dishes we got were ok. I'll consider coming back to try something else.
This will absolutely be my go-to Chinese place as long as I'm in the area... even though they charge extra for (white) rice and wouldn't listen when I tried to give them directions to my place. The taste of the eggplant and garlic dish makes up for it.  It's slightly spicy, and absolutely melts in your mouth.  The bok choy and mushroom dish wasn't bad either, slightly ginger-y, but in a good way (and this is coming from someone who doesn't like ginger) Heads up, though, vegetarians-- the menu is confusing to navigate.  There's a whole separate vegetarian menu, but all the dishes have the same names as the regular ones, just with "vegetarian" in front of them.  I ordered the egg drop soup, seeing it on the vegetarian menu, but it came with chicken chunks in it (I realize that I must have forgotten to say "vegetarian egg flower soup.") Did I mention the eggplant??
Legit. Sichuan. Food. If you come here and order orange chicken, I'll probably cry. Because of their cooking abilities, it'd still probably be good and I'd be glad you're supporting them so that this place that serves authentic Sichuanese food will survive in the bay area...but seriously, expand your horizons. Spicy wontons (layou chaoshou): yumm.  Nice and garlicky in a sweet-spicy-tangy sauce. Mapo Tofu ("hot bean cued") - plenty of sichuan peppercorn to numb your face. Good overall flavor.  I'm not a crazy fan of mapo dofu but this stuff was pretty authentic. Paper wrapped lamb(?) -  (zhibao yangrou) - holy moly this was excellent.  Fantastic balance of flavor with cilantro & chilis & onions, nice tender and smoky yet lamb-y lamb. If you don't like the numbing flavor of Sichuan peppercorns, they still have a lot of great dishes here to try.  I'd probably just ask. The female server was nice and had a great sense of humor too.  Service wasn't crazy-fast, but it was fast enough by my previous-experience-living-in-China standards, so a fairly happy medium in service as far as I'm concerned for an authentic Chinese place. Ahhhh I'm so freaking sad I didn't discover this place before moving even farther away to San Jose.... Please send lamb?
Very bad food! It was dry microwaved rice with fried something that was supposed to be chicken. Very disappointed. I like Chinese food in general, but this was absolutely disappointing, would never go back there again.
I'd say 4.5 stars for this place.  I'd driven past this place many times before since it's close to work, but figured it was just another Mr. Chau's since i saw those backlit plastic menu boards up high on the wall all ghetto style.  And if imma get fast chinese food, i'll go to Panda for that, not some no-name place in a random strip mall. But, my coworker recommended this place so we all decided to give it a go.  Was definitely very pleased.  The place is pretty small - maybe fits about 60-70 people at most.  Quiet.  Several tables with chinese people at them (which was a good sign to me).  Decor of a Mr. Chau's (not that i've ever been to one of  those crapholes). So there were 7 of us and we each ordered a dish and did it up family style.  We ordered spicy string beans (asked for them to add minced pork, which they did without complaint nor charge), mixed veggies, mongolian beef, dai chin chicken, and a couple of other dishes that i can't remember, except that one of them was just covered in red chilis, and was fried. Seemed like they had only one waitress and she was an interesting one.  we wanted to order orange peel chicken, but she made it a point to steer us towards a boiled fish dish, since we already had a couple of fried dishes.  She thought it'd balance things out better.  And boy was she right.  That boiled fish dish...called the boiled fish dish, was awesome.  Not too spicy, fish was nice and soft, and well cooked.  Dai chin chicken was very good as well.  mongolian beef didn't look like traditional mongolian beef, but it was still very tasty.  Mixed veggies - blah.  My string beans were excellent though - fresh and they got the spiciness and taste right.  Some places just don't do it right and it ends up totally bland. As it heated up, people asked for ice water and the waitress shot us down again, saying "drink tea".  Then she put 3 glasses of ice water on another table "just in case".  But she was right again (well, for the coworkers i was with, since they were a mix of white and mexican and filipino people).  I already knew the benefits of tea.  Then she brought over a plate of peanuts and said they'd help cool down the fire.  And again she was right. So, if you don't mind a pushy waitress who knows what she's doing, and a place that looks ghettoer than other places, this hole-in-the-wall joint is damn good.  Prices are decent too.  $13 for the fish dish, and it was large.  Their portions overall are also very family-friendly. So give it a shot.
I came here for a birthday party with some friends who definitely knew what they were doing.  I wish I knew what they had ordered, but they ordered in Chinese. The food came out in a timely manner, the prices were good, and the wait staff was super nice.  They had no problem with us being such a large group. Food I enjoyed -- pretty much everything I ate!  SO SPICY!!  There was a spicy tofu that was to die for! My mouth screamed for mercy, but I couldn't stop eating it.  By far the best tofu ever prepared (lightly crispy on the outside, very tender on the inside).  Even though I don't usually like lamb, the lamb was also delicious.  There was also a spicy fish stew that was fantastic (the fish was cooked perfectly). On top of all this, when they brought out the birthday cake, they turned off some of the lights and sang happy birthday along with us.  AWESOME!
I'm tempted to give them a 4 for reasons I'll mention soon, but really, a solid 3.5 stars overall. Dropping in for dinner with Katherine L tonight, we were greeted by a completely empty restaurant (which, according to her, happens every so often), and a trolling owner / head waitress, who was easily one of the highlights of dinner - when asked if business was just slow today, she responded with a "oh, we've just been turning away customers who aren't VIP enough"; later, when she brought us the menus, she said "You can read Chinese right? Just a bit? Because we don't have English menus you know." We were eventually able to put in orders for Manchurian tofu, spicy dandan noodles, and boiled fish slices. The tofu, a fried medium firmness tofu served amidst a mass of peppers, was good, but not particularly flavorful aside from the slight numbing spice and occasional pockets of salt. The dandan noodles were fairly tasty, but a far cry from the version my favorite Sichuanese place in Seattle does. The boiled fish slices though, served in a water, chili oil, and spice filled clay pot, were excellent, and something I'd highly recommend. Reasonable prices (about $40 after tax and tip for enough to feed 3-4 people), a handful of tasty dishes, private parking in the back, and a trolling waitress make Da Sichuan a place I can envision myself frequently if I worked or lived in the area.
This place is the most authentic Chinese restaurant in the Palo Alto area. By authentic, I don't mean large, fancy establishments that use fancy decorations to announce their "authenticity." I much rather prefer hole-in-the-wall places that serve substance on a plate not on their walls. The restaurant is owned by a hardworking Chinese husband-wife couple. The wife was the waitress, who was great to talk to in Mandarin. As she took my order, she definitely took pride in what her restaurant had to offer. They both have a good sense of humor, periodically asking my Caucasian friend if the food was too spicy. My friend and I stayed kind of late, but they were actually quite patient and accommodating. I've come here for dinner twice already and eaten various Sichuan dishes here, specifically spicy boiled fish, cumin lamb, and string beans, and they have all been delicious! Sichuan dishes are spicy, so be warned. If I had to take a friend to a casual ethnic dinner in the Palo Alto area, this is where I'd take them.
Don't have Sichuan much, but this place was good.  Spicy! And they use that numbing sichuan pepper.  A friend of mine, who's from sichuan, thought it was good; she'd probably give it 4 stars.
I love the Tan Tan noodle, dry cooked string beans, "water boiled" fish (actually it is spicy and with lots of garlic) and 911 chicken (by the name you can imagine it is fiery hot!). This restaurant used to be in Newark, and they moved to Palo Alto. I did not know that at first, and a friend from work took us there, telling us that this place has authentic and good Sichuan food. To my surprise, I found that it is operated by the same couple that I've seen from the Newark restaurant. The owner/chef couple are very friendly and like to chat with customers, using a mixture of English and Mandarin, funny and interesting. The guy told us that we should not be drinking cold stuff after eating spicy food, He said "no ice water after the 911 chicken". The 911 chicken is really good, the Sichuan peppercorns numb your tongue, but you can't and won't stop eating it. And he was right, don't drink ice water after the 911 chicken! Plenty of parking at the back of the restaurant. A great plus for a restaurant in the area, where parking can often be a problem.
This place is awesome. The staff are friendly, the food is authentic AND it's cheap. I had a birthday dinner for 40 people here and love it. Top dishes: Fish slices in hot oil Dry sauteed string beans Ma Po Tofu YUM.
**IT'S GETTING HOT IN HERE, PLEASE TAKE OFF YOUR CLOTHES** 2.5 stars. We took our admin here for lunch to celebrate Professional Administrative Day. Our VP suggested Chinese and one of our team members was vegetarian, so I figured this place was ideal to appease the masses. It was empty around noon. It got packed around 1PM or so. ORDERED - *GENERAL CHICKEN - Too sickly red and tasted ok. Lots of red chili peppers. *MANCHURIAN CHICKEN - Their signature dish tasted like super spicy chicken nuggets. Not that impressed. Dry. *ASSORTED VEGETABLES - This was actually decent. It wasn't THAT spicy. I wouldn't mind eating this with rice. *MONGOLIAN BEEF - Best dish because it wasn't I-Can't Feel-My-Taste-Buds spicy. I could actually taste the flavors. *HOT AND SOUR SEAFOOD SOUP - The soup was decent but wished it was served hotter (temperature-wise). *POT STICKERS - Boring much. *MU SHU PORK - Looked unappealing. Where was the pork? Nothing wowed me. WARNING: It was a hot place: steamy kitchen, lots of warm bodies, and extra spicy foods. I had to remove some articles of clothing. $127 for 8 people wasn't bad price-wise. But food-wise, another story.
This is a Chinese joint that's half strip-mall take-out and half authentic-because-you're-the-only-non-Chinese-person-in-it. You know, that type. I went because it has an extensive selection of vegan mockmeat dishes, albeit dishes that are Americanized Chinese standards (General Tso's, Kung Pao, etc.). I got a "vege chicken with pine nuts" ($11) and a "vege beef with broccoli" ($10). The chicken dish was just basically kung pao with pine nuts instead of peanuts. The "chicken" was more like really dense tofu, cubed and kind of spongy/chewy (not bad all though). This dish had no spice and was passable only once I doused it with red pepper flakes. The beef dish was really basic and also not terribly flavorful. The beef they use looks more like chicken (it's one of those switch-hitter mockmeats) and is old-school and simple, but does the job (don't expect Gardein vegan strips). Da Sichuan doesn't offer brown rice, which is a shame. The service was friendly and fast, though. Portion sizes are good. If you're vegan, Da Sichuan might be good for take-out, but don't expect anything spectacular. Garden Fresh in Palo Alto is better if you're looking for vegan Chinese food.
I was a regular at their old location in Newark ...then I moved to the Peninsula and they followed me ahahahahah..j/k .. I was very surprised when I learned that they moved to Palo Alto...closer to work/home..yippie!! I always love their manchurian chicken..although I don't find it extremely spicy as others claimed...but that's bc I'm an expert at handling heat and spicy food :). For the not-so-avid spicy food eater... I suggest you not to touch any of the peppers and peppercorns ..just eat the fried chicken and it shouldn't be too spicy. I usually opt for the "bone-in" chicken as the meat is juicier and loveeee munching the small crispy bones!! I also love their cumin lamb..although..I must admit it's not the best cumin lamb..but it's descent. The spicy sliced garlic pork (cold dish) is good but a bit too sweet and extremely oily. FYI, most sichuan food is oily..so if you're watching ur weight.. beware! Another spicy dish I love is their spicy boiled fish or beef or lamb. They are basically the same, you just pick what meat you like! It comes with a bed of napa cabbage. It's a large dish, so usually I take some leftover home and add tofu ...yumm!! Not a fan of the lady and her antique behavior (she once sang when we were there eating, weird?! and she made us order the most expensive dish that actually not worth the price tag)...but she is friendly. The chef (male owner) is very very nice too,  but nowadays he often stays in the kitchen ..I spoke to him before and he was very friendly and easy to talk to :). Bring on the heat, here I come!!
Had the Manchuran chicken, sizzling rice soup and tan tan noodles. Pluses: Food was tasty and spicy. Hit the spot for spice and seasoning. Minuses: Soup was hot but sizzling rice was cold and didn't sizzle when added to soup. Tan tan noodles were served warm, not hot. I'd go back but my friend won't so it's a split on stars.
Really enjoy this restaurant and it has become my go-to lunch location. Have had a combination of dishes (most spicy) but the clay pot lamb with cabbage is a soup with lamb and cabbage that is a bit sour tasting with a bunch of layers of flavor that stands out from the non-spicy dishes I've had.   The best dish I've had is the boiled fish which is a multilayered spicy dish that I can't stop eating. My ordering strategy now is to  just give the owner an idea of what I want to eat and let her bring me food. She is super friendly and clearly opinionated about which dishes are best.
Awesome!  A good sichuan place that can give me my fix when I have a shui zhu yu craving.  This spot used to be a crappy fast-food Chinese place and I'm happy to report that the new restaurant is much better. The menu is extensive and there are plenty of extra choices for those who read Chinese.  We've gotten a number of dishes and been pretty pleased with them all.  The help is friendly and generally attentive.  They were good about accommodating our needs when my pregnant sister-in-law brought her own caffeine-free tea leaves.  I've never seen the restaurant too busy but then I haven't been on a weekend.  Definitely worth a trip if you're in the area. For a bonus on a date, check out the Happy Feet a few doors down for a relaxing massage after dinner!
Love this place!  Staff is super friendly and great.  I think there was only one waitress for the entire restaurant the night we were there. Our favorite dish is the dry sauteed string beans.  You can get them by itself, or with chicken, or with pork.  We tried with chicken and it was delish!  Lots of parking too behind the restaurant.
Vegetarians rejoice! My husband and I just returned from a wonderful dinner at Da Sichuan Bistro.  We are both vegetarians and were delighted by the extensive menu of options available including many faux meats.  We had the General Chen's "Chicken," the "Shredded Pork" and Garlic Sauce, and the Marinated Chili "Beef."  All items were delicious, with the pork being my fav. Our waitress was really helpful and happy to tell us all about the different dishes.  I think she enjoyed recommending items to us. The atmosphere is casual and low-key.  The prices are great for big portion sizes and gourmet vegetarian options.  Definitely a winner! We've had vegetarian Chinese many times at other great places in the Bay Area, but this one stands apart as having Sichuan vegetarian dishes you won't find on other menus.  They have many items I have never even heard of!  Very exciting to try new things, especially when they are delicious.
Food overall: Pretty good. Eggplant in Garlic Sauce - more sweet n' sour than the savory ones that I'm used to but definitely tasty Shrimp in Lobster Sauce - highly NOT recommended. basically shrimp in a super thickened egg-flower-soup-like gravy. very salty to top. Volcano Beef - stir fried beef with lots of pepper. super spicy. flamin' hot! Walnut Prawns - crispy and sweet. nicely done. Tan Tan Noodle - best tan tan noodle (among the other ones I've tried around this area). no gravy mixture. just a thin, savory, spicy sauce with fried Szechuan pepper. the spicy and numbing goodness! Egg Rolls - good (and free when you mention Yelp) Boiled Fish - very spicy. very good. I love the Szechuan pepper. the numbing sensation (lol oxymoron) is so unique. Fish fillet was very tender General Tso Prawn/Chicken (two separate dishes) - battered fried prawn/chicken in a sweet n' sour n' slightly spicy red sauce. More comparable/similar to the Cantonese "Jing Du Gu Pai" (er...Peking pork chop? Sorry don't know the translation and different places sometimes name it differently in English. It's like a more savory sweet n' sour batter fried pork with bones.) Service: The waitress is very nice and she makes conversation with you, but (I feel bad saying this) I have a very hard time making out what she's saying or getting her point...maybe I'm just dumb. Delivery: They deliver in a timely and courteous manner. We live in an apartment complex so it causes them a little more trouble but they're nice about waiting for us to run downstairs to grab the togo from them.
This place rocks! Definitely the best Chinese restaurant I've been to in Palo Alto...and the best Sichuan restaurant I've been to in the Bay Area to date (disclaimer: I haven't had the chance to eat in Cupertino yet, so my range is limited to San Francisco, Palo Alto and Mountain View). They have a super yummy and mouth numbing Shui Ju Yu. Also, they have speedy delivery and they always include a free dish when I order a lot of food. I don't know if this is standard practice. But regardless, it makes me feel all warm and special inside. Love them! Insider tip: the couple who own the restaurant also make a homemade spicy sausage. It's an off-the-menu treat (so they might not have it at all times). But definitely worth a try since it's very different from Spanish, Italian and Polish sausages. And I asked the owner about the differences between the Chinese and English menus. She walked me through the (very few) differences. If you're interesting in trying a dish on the Chinese menu that isn't on the English menu, I would just ask her. She was very forthcoming and helpful with me.
I was really surprised when I first got here, because I was expecting a typical Chinese restaurant.  Instead, I was surprised by fluorescent signs, similar to ones you'd see at Panda Express. It cheapens the place, and made me feel the dishes were a little overpriced. HOT AND SOUR SOUP ($6) - Pretty small portion, just enough for two people. It was on the salty side, and not as tangy as I like it. BOILED FISH FILLET ($13) - This is usually my favorite dish, but I didn't enjoy it much here because it wasn't very spicy, and was actually a little on the bland side.  Also, the sauce was very oddly thick. BEEF WITH BROCCOLI ($10) - I don't usually order this at restaurants, but my friend wanted it.  It tasted pretty standard.
My dad and I stopped by Da Sichuan Bistro for lunch a few months ago and it was less than memorable. We ordered dishes off the menu and they were all too spicy. Yes, I know Sichuan is known for spicy but we asked for a little less spicy because we have sensitive stomachs.. the two of us weren't feeling well when we left I can tell you that much! I don't remember exactly what my dad ordered but I know there was an intestine dish which was good but too spicy, a fish dish that was way too greasy and a noodle that wasn't good at all. Everything had a taste of over cooked chilies. A little acrid and not appetizing.. I come here for the take out since it's convenient and quick but my dad has never stepped foot in here again. If it wasn't a few minutes drive from my house I probably wouldn't come here. The lady is always really nice though :).
the waitress was upbeat, what you'd expect from an older chinese woman. we definitely ordered more food than needed... Manchurian chicken w bones (The waitress said it's always better on the bone, than without) when this dish came out it was covered with dry uncut chili peppers. it was daunting to look at, and you could imagine how spicy it would be... but surprisingly it wasn't that spicy! Manageable! kung pao tofu. was good. the tofu was fried though. instead of soft. Szechwuan beef stew noodle soup. interesting. I was expecting a thicker soup base than what we got. the place was worth trying, but I'm not sure I can say i'll definitely come back.
Wanted to like this place but could not. The waitress was very sweet, friendly and talkative but unfortunately, we could barely understand her. This made things quiet awkward as you can imagine. Food was spicy as expected but not very good. Their specialty Manchurian Chicken set the mouth on fire but had too many little bones in it which made it hard to eat. The waitress told us later that she made a mistake and could have ordered us the boneless version. Errr, OK! The orange chicken was so so. There was hardly anyone here during lunch hour which was a sign. I won't be back.
Like a few others, I wanted to like this place. I've eaten here three times, and it deserves a solid 2.5. Twice cooked pork - the meat is tough. the portion small. Dan Dan Noodles - ok, bland. If you want good Sichuan food, drive to South Legend in Milpitas.
Best northern Chinese food in the area, and I would know because I'm Chinese :) owners are super friendly and the price is very reasonable. Must have: dry sauteed string bean (best I've ever had in the US) and the hot bean curd (ma po tofu)! If you actually know good Chinese food you'll love this place.
The best delivery chinese food I've ever had by far. Got the cumin lamb, spicy fish filet, and vegetable chow mein and everything was fresh and delicious. The food looks spicier than it is so don't be afraid of all the chilis. Definitely ordering again!
Da Sichuan Bistro is right on El Camino and I have passed it countless times, and everytime I say to myself, "I really should try that place." as I drive by. I finally made it a point to try it after finding it in a search for an establishment with good authentic Dan Dan Noodles. They call it Tan Tan Noodles (Hot Chinese Spaghetti) and if you like spicy foods, this is your dish; it will definitely make you sweat. The soup/sauce is done right here, hot, mildly sweet and a hint of nuttiness. The taste is good, but I wish there was a bit more ground meat and the portion was a bit larger. Be Warned - Sichaun Cuisine is traditionally very spicy and asking for them to change the spiciness will change the entire taste of the dish because a lot of the unique flavor comes from the chili used.
9PM and Hubster and I are trying to decide what to eat for dinner... unfortunately PA's not known for their late night eats. Being that it was pouring out, we were definitely craving warm soupy foods - Yelp search time! We found Da Sichuan and bravely ventured there with its 12 reviews. Walking in, I was a little hesitant since it had huge poster size pictures of Lemon Chicken and Mushu Pork on the front. Thank god they offered us the Chinese Menu. This is the time where I thank my parents on forcing me to attend Chinese school - apparently all those weekends of copying homework resulted me being able to read food items. We ordered 3 dishes - Water Boiled Fish, Manchurian Chicken (911 chicken), Stir fried Sigua. The fish came out in a pot covered with plenty of chilis, super flavorful. We eyed our ice water and dug in. The sichuan peppers added the perfect amount of numbing spicyness. This place definitely did not skimp out on the quality of the ingredients. The fish was amazingly fresh and I found a generous helping of sliced leeks on the bottom of the dish. Manchurian chicken came out and it should have been called chilis garnished with chicken... It had a complex balance of flavors and heat. Buffalo chicken wing challenges have nothing on the Manchurian chicken here... It was searing numbing pain but in that oh so good way. We washed everything down with the stir fried sigua. Sigua is an Asian squash and it has a very small window in its cooking process. Cook it too fast and its still slightly bitter and crunchy; cooked too long and it turns into gray mush. Their sigua was cooked perfectly; tender perfectly al dente! Food here was awesome... at the end of the meal, the owner helped us pack up everything and taught me how to make use of the chilis leftover from the Manchurian Chicken! Definitely happy to have found this place and even happier that it's sooooo close to home!!
We've driven by this place every weekend for who knows how long for our weekly shopping run and never gave it a second glance until we saw the Yelp reviews.  We were hungry so we decided to take around (after passing this place yet again) and take a chance. First impression- average looking Chinese restaurant End Impression - OMG this is the best Chinese food I've ever eaten in my life!! Two lines about service: This place has excellent service with an admiringly happy couple who run the business.  I'm a sucker for supporting mom and pop joints, so I had high hopes. MeAL TiMe! We kept things simple as we usually do when trying out a new place. For starters we tried egg rolls: crisp multi-layered, hot rolls served with a traditional sweet sauce. Yum Second we had their hot and sour soup:  This is actually the reason we came here because I was really craving hot and sour soup and my usual place was already closed.  First bite- damn this is good. Second helping- this is really good. By the third helping, I declared this to be my favorite hot and sour soup ever! Really! Last was the show stopper: General's Prawns.  This is that one dish you've been craving, but didn't know you've been craving.  If you're tired of all your usual places to eat and don't know what to eat tonight - order this! No seriously, this suggestion is not to be taken lightly. It's really, really good.  You'll receive a huge helping of perfectly fried prawns drenched in a hot sweet perfectly gooey sauce over a bed of fresh steamed broccoli.  Each bite is crunchy, hot, spicy, and delicious.  I wasn't that hungry tonight, but I couldn't help but eat the entire dish. We finished everything.  There was no need for a to-go box tonight my friends. We left this restaurant with a smile on our faces and their take out menu because we ARE going to come here again.   Maybe even tomorrow.
I seriously think that the reviews on here are biased.  There is NO WAY that this restaurant can be considered 5 stars by any means. We ordered food for pick-up last night, and based our order on recommendations from Yelp.  First of all, we were told our order would take 25 minutes.  At the 40 minute mark, we went to pick up our food-- only to be told "it's almost ready."  The lady left me standing in the middle of the restaurant (there is no sitting area to wait) for 15 minutes!  When I first got there, I asked how many more minutes, because I would've waited outside if it were more than 5.  I was only told "It's almost ready!"  IRK.  Food was finally ready 55 minutes after we ordered-- a full half hour after we were told it would be ready. We ordered 3 items that we consistently saw rated well here on Yelp:  The Twice fried pork, Manchurian Chicken, and General Prawns. Twice Fried Pork 1/5-- I seriously think they only "fried" this once, and forgot to cook it twice.  This is basically pork belly (The part of pork that bacon is cut from).  The texture was very flabby and oily, like under-cooked bacon.  Gross.  It was inedible.  Maybe if I fried it up again, I could've eaten it. Manchurian Chicken 4/5- This was the most promising of the dishes we had.  The chicken was fried crispy, and the flavoring was good.  However, I was expecting some burningly awesome flavor, but the chili flavor was only medium. General Prawns 2/5- First of all, these were not prawns!  They were medium-small shrimp for $13.  The "prawns" were coated in a thick batter, then doused in a bright red sauce that was overly sweet.  This was also advertised as "spicy", but was only mildly spicy. Egg Rolls 1/5- Because we mentioned Yelp, we got 3 free eggrolls.  I love free stuff!  But we only took a bite.  They were crispy, but the filling was just soggy cabbage that was not even seasoned.  Yucky. I love to find great hole-in-the-wall restaurants.  I really don't understand how this was rated so highly.  Also, we spent $40-- it was NOT cheap.  We will not be back.
The chef here uses good materials for their cooking, that's a fact I like the best about this restaurant. The food is fit to Chinese taste which is rare in the Palo Alto area. It is a bit expensive but I felt worth it for the good materials they use.
I was disappointed with this place. The lemon chicken and the mushroom chicken were okay (my friends ordered them.) I got the manchurian chicken because I love spicy food. It wasn't that it was too spicy, but that it was sooooo dry. The chicken was over fried and completely dried out so it was chewy and hard to eat. Couple that with having to fish it out of a bowl of peppercorns and chilis and it was just NOT an enjoyable plate of food. Will come back and try something else, but nothing fried based on this experience.
I am a very easy going person. I rarely complain about restaurants, and try to keep an open mind about experiences.  That said,  I have never had such a bad experience at a restaurant before, and think its important to warn others.  Even with all the excelllent reviews found for this place on Yelp, I cannot begin to describe my disapointment with Da Sichuan Bistro. When we arrived for dinner it took nearly 30 minutes to be seated even though there were several open and clean tables in view.  It then took another 20 minutes to give someone our order, and then only after I flagged down one of the staff.  It then took another HOUR for all our food to show up.  My two companions got their dishes, and after waiting 10 or 15 more minutes, I had to flag someone down to ask if 1) we were going to get the egg rolls and soup we had ordered, and 2) if I was going to get my own dinner. I ordered their 'award winning' dish, Manchuran Chicken.  This consisted of pieces of chicken, bone in, combined with SEVERAL HANDFULS of chinese hot peppers.  Now, I LOVE spicy hot food but this dish was just awful, and I began to wonder if I'd pissed off the chef.  It was mostly inedible.  It had (I wished I'd taken a photo) more hot peppers than chicken.  Along the same lines, the hot and sour soup was all sour/vinegar and very little hot.  Just a warning.  It was overall nice, but the vinegar flavor overwhelmed all the other goodies in the soup. To top things off, my friend found metal bits in his dinner.  That is Not Okay. The owners just didn't seem to have a handle on how to run a restaurant (I've both worked at and managed ones in the past), and I'd say that they need to sit down and restructure how they are running things. With so many other good choices around to have a nice dinner, I cannot recommend this place to anyone.
The first time I ate here, my wife and I ordered the Boiled Fish Fillet, the Manchurian Chicken and Sigua. I was immediately impressed with the fish dish, the fillets were large thick pieces that were firm and very fresh; the fillets would flake into sheets and had just a hint of that fresh fish sweet taste. Absolutely loved the flavor combinations of this dish and the veggies used soak it all up, this paired well with rice. The Manchurian Chicken is best ordered with bones in to help the meat retain moisture. I guess the size of the chicken cuts is a fine balance between maximizing your flavor (surface area/volume) and retaining moisture. Having bones in helps give you the best of both. Don't overlook the technique that's needed to make this dish successful; the chili peppers are all crispy and dry and yet have imparted their flavors into the oils of the chicken pieces, yet the bottom of the dish is still dry and clean. Even the sesame seeds are toasted and yet maintain a bright white color. The sigua was cooked to perfection and helps to counter the spicy dishes. Sigua is not easy to make, but here, even the delicate centers of the sigua strips still retain their firmness. I may be a sucker for presentation, but it awes me that the sigua was cut into strips and yet the cut seeds were still intact in their original "slots"...I don't know how they managed to do that. Maybe an extremely sharp knife and a steady hand? Service here is incredible; the staff treated us like family. They're always friendly and are excited to chat with us and I've learned that the owner not only specializes in Szechuan, but also Shanghai dishes...he even knows how to prepare the increasingly hard to find Shanghai dish "Tofe" or grass carp innards. This is a very old, traditional Shanghai dish that few people know how to prepare. I called the staff, Susan, recently to tell her that my 90-year old grandfather (of Shanghai decent) was craving "Tofe", but couldn't find it in Taiwan, she immediately jumped on the opportunity to help a customer out. That same day she contacted the owner's old time "sifu" (teacher) in Taipei, Taiwan for help in locating this dish and gave us a bunch of leads. Great food, great service...one of my favorite places ;) ==Edit== I've been reading some of the negative reviews and feel the need to put out a word of caution that the dishes we've tried are not Americanized Chinese dishes, but traditional Chinese dishes. For example the comment on Twice Fried Pork: the fatty bacon cut is supposed to have the gooey texture described (this is not because it was undercooked).
You gotta look to find this place along El Camino. Walking into the place there seems to be a bone chilling draft at every table... maybe it was the chill from outside or some funky AC settings. We wanted a dish that was on the menu but without soup and our gracious and helpful waitress took the time to explain the details and then carefully ordered an amazing dish of seafood and noodles with gravy but not soup. The free egg roll is passable as some kind of app but doesn't serve to entice you to try more. The hot and sour soup was delicious. This was on par with a hot and sour soup from another ma and pa place in Scotts Valley. Excellent. I would definitly come back again but either on a really warm day or with my snow suit.
Of course, we girls love this place the Susan, the hostess. Love Chongqing chilly chicken and eggplant so much , also the guoba fish is great.
Amazing food.  I have two daughters adopted from the Sichuan area in China and I have looked in SF, New York, and Chicago for a restaurant that would give me flavors that good.  This is it, spicy food that goes off like a warm explosion in your mouth.  It's what your mama would make if she were raised by a family of circus fire-eaters. Fish slices in chili oil are meltingly tender--how fish ought to be cooked but rarely is--and they are bathed in a wonderful sauce with shovelfuls of garlic, green onions, and three kinds of chilis (including the famous ma la Sichuan chili that makes your tongue temporarily melt into a puddle of goo and dribble out of your mouth).  You're simultaneously thinking, "This is too hot to consume!" and "This is the most delicately refined seafood dish I've ever eaten!" The restaurant is family owned.  The waitress is the mom of the family--very friendly and abrupt at the same time--and the cook is the dad.  Ask for the to go menu that was done by their son, now in bioengineering at UCLA, when he was in high school and choose among the Sichuan dishes he described in detail.   (The vegetarian dishes are also unusual and amazing but you have to ask for that menu as well.) If you order from the Chef Chow part of the menu you deserve Chef Chow-style food.  Order from the Sichuan part and you will be taking a trip to China on the cheap.
I honestly don't understand why this place has 4-stars on Yelp. It's mediocre at best, burnt at worst.  No way does this place deserve anything over a star. Let me preface by saying we had takeout. Potstickers: 6 at $5.95 were just average and way way overpriced. Mu-shu Chicken $8.95: hardly any chicken, way way too much undercooked onion and, the kicker, parts were burnt, giving the entire dish an undesired barbecue-y flavor. Prawns in Snow Peas $10.95: very few shrimps (no way were they prawns) very blah sauce and lots of snow-peas, some of them with black not-so-appetizing splotches on them. Very overpriced given the amount of shrimp and quality of snow-peas. Green Onion Beef $9.95: lots of beef, just mediocre flavor.  Nothing really bad here, but nothing out of the ordinary. There has got to be better Chinese take-out in Palo Alto/Mountain View. Anyone???
Was reading the writes on Yelp about this place and decided to give it a whirl. WOW OH WOWY! Tasty, spicy and (I am guessing here) pretty darned authentic. I had two dish - take-out - The Crispy Fried Noodles and the Sichuan Garlic Smoked Pork. Both were out of this world great! I can't really write about the service as it was take-out --- But I dshall return very soon to eat in and try other dishes.
This place popped up close to my crib/pad, and based on the hilarious name, I had to give it a try.  Let's first break the name down, shall we: Da - ghetto form of "the."  Could also mean "big" in Mandarin depending on the tone, but I don't think this is the effect they were going for. Sichuan - a region in China or a reference to food from that region. Bistro - a French term for a small restaurant serving simple meals. So what we've got here apparently is a Chinese/Sichuan restaurant with French and American gangsta influences.  That's something you don't come across every day. The food is pretty...um...meh.  Doesn't taste all that fresh, is too Americanized, and the flavors are uninspired.  For some reason, that didn't surprise me at all.  That's about all I need to say about the food here.  I think you get the idea.  As the world's leading expert on Sichuan food, which is supposed to be very flavorful and often bathed in hot chili peppers and tongue-numbing peppercorns, I do not approve. Before slapping the dreaded one star rating on this place, however, I must say that the staff is very friendly.  More so than your average restaurant, and much more so than many Chinese restaurants, some of which have an, "Eat your damn food and get the hell out!" attitude.  I think two stars is about fair.  Below average, but with some redeeming qualities.
Love this place. Especially good for vegans, it's not a vegan restaurant, but has a huge vegetarian (by default vegan) menu which is delicious. The staff are quirky, rattle off in Chinese and don't seem to realize when they aren't understood, but will recommend dishes and are very friendly. It's quite spicy so not for those with delicate tastebuds still intact.
One of our favorite restaurants now. Close to work and very tasty. We like the Spicy Fish (Shui Zhu Yu). Waitress is funny and very friendly.
So spiciness is one of those things I can't get enough of, and it's great that this place popped up near Stanford. I tried to convince the owner to start a spice challenge like what wingstop has. Maybe I convinced them. Anyways, the food is really good and legit, though they clearly know the market segregation and have an english menu with all the american-chinese classics like general tso. The real winners, though, are dishes like twice-cooked pork and the chicken buried in hot peppers (mandarin chicken?) Best thing to do would be to tell the owner you want good authentic food, specify the meat and number of dishes, and let her go wild. It'll be fun and you'll learn something.
Wow.  I knew I loved Sichuan cooking, which steered me here.  But I'd say that the spicy dishes are some of the best I've had.  It's not just hot, but elegantly seasoned bringing out very rich flavor.  We did the Combination dinner C at the recommendation of our host. There are of course non-spicy dishes on offer.  But we steered deliberately for the red zone. Highly recommended dining experience with very courteous management.
I tried placing an order for delivery. The woman I spoke to did not speak very good English.  She transcribed my credit card number incorrectly, never asked me for my name or phone number, and, as a result, never delivered the order she confirmed. Major fail. The only other time i have been there, the tan tan noodles were good, but the Manchurian chicken was disgusting.  Just a big fried mess. I will not go there again.
Another authentic Sichuan place in the Bay Area. Ties with China Hot in Redwood City for top Sichuan honors. Flavors and techniques are solid and "traditional". Owner is from Chongqing. My coworker from Chengdu gave this place a thumbs up. Standard recommendation is to order non-american-chinese and non-cantonese stuff. Other reviews on here have listed good recommendations. Bonus points for having a vegetarian section in the menu. One of the female servers is enthusiastic and chatty.
Bout a 3.5. Kind of a hole in the wall,but one of those good holes in the wall. Spartan and barren interior(even a bit dingy) The the vinyl table cloths look stained and worn,but I gotta say the food is pretty well done. No Mr. Chau's gwai lo food to be found here. Worth a look see.
Love the food! It's always fresh and never gets too salty. The atmosphere here is always very friendly and relaxing. I'll call it the best Sichun food around the bay area.
The Oracle and I just got back from lunch at Da Sichuan Bistro....Susan the waitress, who I'm also guessing might be the owner was freaking awesome. The Oracle has this weird thing that he does when he goes to restaurants..."What is the best thing on your menu?"  Typically, the waiter just says..."It's all good." Well....Susan took the menu away from us and immediately pointed out her favorites. We opted for the Twice Cooked Pork...which Susan pointed out...was pork belly... We like bacon so why not..then we ordered the crispy fried noodles...yummy yummy.... The twice fried pork...was twice good...we asked for chili sauce and she went in the back and prepared something special for us! Chili oil, with garlic and jalapenos and some other goodness! She also threw in free soup because The Oracle was being extra flirty with her! All in all...this is the best lunch spot for work lunches....or maybe even a great hangover spot...I'm just sayin! Go to Da Sichuan Bistro...talk it up with Susan and the Chef...they are awesome!
Decent flavor but very salty.
I haven't eaten Sichuanese food this authentic since Sichuan. It's not easy to find hupi qingjiao (tiger skin green pepper). Food was spicy and oily and mouth-numbing (huajiao), just like it's supposed to be. I went with vegetarians so we really enjoyed the tofu dry hot pot (ganguo), mysterious vegetarian intestines (suchang), braised eggplant (hongshao qiezi), and green beans (sijidou). The first three dishes don't seem to be listed on the English menu. My only objection was the ugly neon menu-board that makes it look like a fast food restaurant. I'll be back!
Excellent food. Very friendly staff.
Very spicy Chinese food - ESP boiled and manchurian chicken! I really love this food!
I love their Kung pao chicken!! Pretty gd sauce and I have no idea how they keep their chicken so tender.. Haven't had gd Kung pao in a while n this totally hit the spot:) the guy serving me was really friendly too, love this place! Called up at 9:15pm for take-out, got there in 10 mins and it was all ready to go.. Pipin' hot! The sauce is a nice combination of tangy and sweet, with the blistered chillies and a hint of sourness due to vinegar. Seems to be a bit greasy but man, sooo good. I could just eat the sauce with rice alone!
Service was great! Waitress very friendly. Or, at least, she was telling the guys in our group that... Read more 
My boyfriend loves fiery meat and fish dishes, I like flavorful diverse vegetarian ones. This restaurant satisfied both of us well.
I've ordered from this place a few times, and I have to admit, my BF is way more thrilled with them than I am. He would tell you that their pot stickers are to die for. Maybe I just haven't had the best luck... I got the sweet and sour chicken that was dry and the over cooked and the another time I got lovers prawns - and that didn't do anything for me either.... Meh.
Came here for lunch with a group of people. The service was pretty fast and the food was delicious! I ordered the walnut shrimp, boiled lamb, a twice cooked pork belly, string beans, general tsao's chicken, manchurian chicken, and volcano beef. All these dishes were spicy except for walnut shrimp, which is expected b/c Sichuan food is spicy. I loved the walnut shrimp...it's probably the most unhealthy dish but whatever, so worth it. Lamb dish was good and there wasn't a heavy lamb flavor. The twice cooked pork belly was another favorite of mine. I absolutely love pork belly and it definitely tasted very good with giant musselburgh leek. String beans usually never taste bad to me. General tsao's was not like normal general tsao's b/c it was spicy! Manchurian chicken looked like it'd be REALLY REALLY SPICY b/c of all the peppers i saw, but it wasn't bad and very crispy! Lastly, I loved all the broccoli that came with the volcano beef...i guess the volcano beef sauce really enhanced the flavor of the broccoli.
The food is mediocre, and the last time we ordered here, my boyfriend got food poisoning! You have been warned!
I'm going to avoid this place like the plague in the future, the service was terrible, the food was only so so and I found twisted pieces of metal in my dinner selection.  Yeah, no kidding.  Small, twisted pieces of metal wire were in my order of Pine Nut Chicken. As for the bad service, when myself and several friends arrived for dinner it took nearly 30 minutes to be seated even though there were plenty of open tables.  Once seated we were ignored for another 20 minutes until the son of the restaurant owners showed up for work.  He took our order but even at that it took nearly an hour for all of our food to come up.  Most irritatingly is that we had to ask for the hot and sour soup we'd ordered several different times before finally getting it. The owners seemed scattered and distracted, flustered by the amount of activity going on in their restaurant.  They don't seem to have a handle on their business, their employees or kitchen.  If you're in the market for mediocre quality food, lousy service and a potential trip to the hospital, this is your place.
3.5  i really wanted to like this place, but while the spices were authentic, there wasn't perfect execution.  i still happen to like cupertino village better.  and definitely if you don't order from the chef special menu (chinese), you won't get the authentic experience. so had the water boiled fish F510.  sichuan peppers were tingling and numbingly authentic.  the 911 chicken was a problem even though nice amount of red chili.  it was fried too much, a little overly salty and dry. same thing happened to the spicy foiled wrapped whole crab the chili onion garlic looked better than it tasted, and the meat was cooked too much. free eggrolls not worth filling up on. anyways, sichuan peppers used here.
Very authentic, and has a wonderful selection of dishes. Ever since discovering it by mere chance, this restaurant has become a staple.
Wow, fantastic place! So glad we went here.  Get the Manchurian Chicken --- it is truly amazing.  The people that work there are so friendly, and give great cooking advice, too!!  Will certainly be going there a lot, I can already tell!
Da Sichuan is the BEST and FRESHEST made Chinese "fast food" that I have ever had.  I love the Fresh Vegetables with Shrimp and the Fresh Eggplant. Oh sooo good! The owner, Tony, has really done a nice job on the decor, variety of offerings, free wireless internet, tables with plenty of space, etc... Pricing is very reasonable, proportions are large and the staff and owner are very friendly. As I live nearby, I enjoy the walk to this local establishment 2-3 times a week. They are a welcomed neighbor and we are now on a first name basis.
At first I was scared to try this place because I don't like spicy food but after eating here twice, I realize the food is not overly spicy and quite good. My favorite dish is the water boiled fish fillets - tender pieces of fish in a tasty sauce.  It goes well with rice. The spicy eggplant and sauteed green beans are also very good. This is a great place to go for lunch.  There is plenty of parking in the back.  It's also good for getting take-out after work on the way home.
First time at this place and I loved it.  The food is made fresh when you order.  I tried the Generals Shrimp and it was probably the best I ever had.  The service is great, Susan makes you feel welcomed and also has some great recommendations.  When I asked her what was good?  she asked what I liked and from what I told her she brought out great dishes. I would stay away from the lunch special and go order from the rest of the menu.  The place is usually quiet but lately I see more people in there for lunch.  I will definitely go back here often.
Delicious chicken and string bean!  Crispy noodle and fried dish was good too!  Would be 5 stars but was a little too salty.  Other than that, the food came quick, was still sizzling hot, and ono of course!  Will be back, for sure.
Good basic Chinese food! Big portions and everything was well-made using good ingredients. My little son gave it a big thumbs up. Lots of Chinese students from Stanford eating here, so that's another vote of confidence.
Your humble correspondent has a thing for moms and pops. Especially when they get together and get a restaurant going. Mom and pop have done it here. They're friendly, great service, spend time talking to the customers, and the food sets your mouth on fire or numbs your tongue depending on the dish you've picked. Both good things in Sichuan food. The portions are huge, I wished they would serve smaller portions.
Had another delicious meal at da sichuan bistro. Everything was fresh (and spicy!!) as always and the service was friendly and thoughtful! I just can't get enough of their water boiled fish. I love spicy food, and this is one of the few places I have found on the Peninsula that gives sufficient spice without me having to beg. I've eaten here several times now (both dine-in andtake-out). I see some other spice loving yelp-ers who have had take out have complained that the food wasn't spicy enough. Based on my experience, I think this is true UNLESS you say over the phone that you would like it to be really really spicy. I think when they can't see you face-to-face and confirm that you really like spicy food, they hold back a little on the spice. Never fear though, if you request, the food will be just as spicy as the dine-in. And yes, the Manchurian chicken comes with several handfuls of hot peppers (just like the photograph by the menus)--that is why it is so delicious and awesome!
After reading the great reviews, I went to Da Sichuan for a weeknight dinner with two friends. We... Read more 
Excellent.   We ate here after wandering down the El in the rain from Dinah's, where we were staying for the weekend. The string beans, as everyone says, were superb. We also had excellent tripe hot pot. The owner is friendly, knowledgeable and an absolute delight. Very reasonably priced.  Wish we still lived here and could come more often!
Great food.
Da Sichuan is the one of the best Chinese restaurant I have been here. I'm a Chinese student and I'v been looking for a good Chinese restaurant for a long time. And I think I got one of them. I like Sichuan food and it's also popular in China. I feel no difference the Da Sichuan and most of Sichuan restaurant in China. That's awesome. I never think that I can have the traditional Chinese meals in the US.
Ahhh!  Finally, I have found Chinese food that has real flavor.  I loved the Spicy Sauce Fish Fillet.  It isn't only spicy but has deep layers of sour flavors that I can't begin to fully describe. The staff was very nice and I definitely felt like they cared if I came back or not.  The only problem is that I don't get down to Palo Alto often enough to fully take advantage of this place.
friendly staff,super delicious food and reasonable prices!
If you enjoy spicy food, this is definitely a place you'll enjoy.  I've come here three times and enjoyed fantastic authentic northern Chinese cuisine. Let the waiter know what you can take and be prepared for deliciousness.  Each plate comes with an amazing amount of peppers, but somehow the spiciness doesn't overwhelm the other flavors. Be very careful what you inhale.  Also, if you're careful as you ingest, the burn in your mouth should fade about 10 minutes after eating.
Tried it out for lunch special on Wednesday and was disappointed.  I ordered Kung Pao Chicken.  The order was straight from the wok and very hot (temperature wise) but the selection of veggies was uninspired tending toward zucchini which is not a fav of mine.  The sauce was even worse, a excessively sweet dark brown sauce that seemed to come straight out of a bottle.  I'm not a fan of sweet entrees and when the waitress asked how's everything I mentioned it was too sweet.  No reaction from the waitress or an attempt to fix it.  I don't think I will return as just a few books away is the much better Hunan Garden on the same side of the street.  Another oddity: every Kung Pao dish I've had previously has had a peanut garnish but this one had none.
The food was very good and the help was knowledgeable about the menu. Getting the server to pay attention to you in the first place was difficult though. Also when we asked for water they only brought us two cups when we were a party of three, and then later when we asked for forks they once again only brought us two when we were three. The eggrolls, cashew chicken, and wonton soup were delicious.
Food was excellent and the manager was a Boss
Decided to give Da Sichuan a try based on the recommendation of a friend and the reviews on Yelp, and we L O V E  T H I S  P L A C E. I just moved from NYC, where I learned to love Sichuan cuisine at the Grand Sichuan restaurants. The unique tingly, numbing Sichuan peppercorn is an amazing spice. Definitely check this place out if you're not familiar with it. The menu here has a mix of American-Chinese and Sichuan cuisine (yes, they have General Tsao's chicken), although the latter is their specialty. We deferred completely to the hostess/owner for ordering advice, and she recommended an amazing meal. The dishes aren't just full of Sichuan peppercorns, but also have an array of fresh ingredients that you aren't used to finding in Chinese food - everything from fresh cilantro to fresh (not dried) green chiles. The flavors were really multi dimensional and outstanding. To top it off, it is run by an extremely sweet husband and wife team who take care of you as if you were dining in their home. She helped us piece together the perfect menu, and he delivered the food from the kitchen and explained how everything was prepared.
If you know Chinese food, and you like Chinese food, I would't go there... I won't be going there again. The service was fine. There's just so much better Chinese food in Milpitas and Cupertino... I don't know why we should settle for so much less just in Palo Alto.
Their vegetarian beef and Kung pao tofu is awesome. We usually do take out because the service at the restaurant is very slow.
The food was great.  The owner is very nice and gave fantastic recommendations!
Remember Su Gia Restaurant in Newark? This is owned and run by the some owner. I was a fan of that Newark restaurant and was really sad when it closed. Finally, they come and this time closer to my home. Just went there to sample my favorite dishes. And they are just the way I liked them. NOTE: Their best and most authentic Sichuan dishes are not listed on the English menu (just like what they did for Su Gia). So if you are serious about getting authentic dishes, you best bet is to bring a Chinese friend that really knows Sichuan food.
They serve all the traditional Sichuan dishes. Ask to look at the Chinese menu. Boiled beef or boiled fish are my favorites, manchurian chicken also delicious. They have an American-style menu, but this is a place for people that like traditional Sichuan.
I visit this place fairly often for lunch and really appreciate the friendly staff and the improvements to the decor. Over the last few months, the owners have transitioned the restaurant from  a fast food restaurant to a more mainstream chinese sit-down restaurant. However at lunch you  have the option of both the main menu or ready-to-go choices. It's not fine dining, but definitely a big  step-up from chinese fast food. I usually opt for the ready-to-go lunch and  it is quite good.  I haven't ordered from the menu,  but it seems to be a popular option even at lunch-time.
got takeout on a sunday afternoon.  green beans were delicious and not too greasy.  manchurian chicken was a letdown= not much meat (mostly chilies), chicken was fried a little too long and dried out, not as spicy as I hoped for.  however, the waitress was so sweet and friendly; will come back for the water cooked fish, which she said was their star dish.
My one criticism is that this place has a split personality:  The menu on the wall features the standard-issue Americanized crap.  I haven't tried any of them, and I don't plan to.  But if you can get past those and find the authentic dishes (and you have an appreciation for real Sichuan flavors) then you'll find that this place is one of the very best around.   Ignore all the bad reviews that start with "I tried the Mu-shu chicken...."
not a bad choice if u avoid certain dishes
A great place for spicy Chinese food!  The waitress (also the owner?) suggested the General's prawns (not on the menu), which were fantastic.  Very authentic, and not very pricey considering the size of the dishes!
Excellent Sichuan Food.
Wandered in this week to grab a quick lunch.  I was pleasantly surprised.  The staff is very friendly.  I highly recommend the chicken salad.  It was prepared with very fresh ingredients and tossed with a bright vinegar dressing. Delicious!  I plan to return and try other dishes very soon.  Great prices too.
I have been their fan since they were in Campbell. The Spicy chicken are must try. Spicy Sour fish soup as well. They are not big, good for small group meal. It is currently cash only I think.
Da Sichuan Is one of the best kept secret in the bay area.  Athough they focus on the American Chinese, the original Sichuan cooking from the menu is fantastic.  Kan pao chicken and fish with tofu uses five original spices and the best peppers.  Always order the original Sichuan cuisine.
Da Sichuan is my current favorite for Chinese takeout.  They offer both a buffet of ready-to-go standards, and a comprehensive menu, although I'm not sure I've taken advantage of either past my first few visits.  Instead, once the owners got a feel for the types of dishes I enjoyed they started to offer custom creations which have all been to my liking.  The "General Tsao Prawns" have been one of my favorites.  My orders have all been tasty, generously sized, and made to order.  Convenience factor is high for me -- there's easy parking in back, there rarely seems to a wait to order, and the owners have always been friendly.  Definitely worth checking out if you're in the neighborhood.
Went to this restaurant last weekend with my husband, and loved it.  I ordered the Manchurian chicken (911 chicken) and the vegetarian Volcano Beef.  When the dishes came, they both looked very similar (covered with red chilies) so we were afraid that we may have ordered two very similar tasting dishes...but they tasted entirely different, and needless to say, very spicy! The service was very friendly, and the food came fairly quickly, although this may have been because the restaurant was very empty at the time.  From chatting with the owner,  it seems that the weekend before, they suddenly had a huge number of customers (undoubtedly due to the 5 star yelp reviews) and became overwhelmed, which in turn led to bad reviews.  My guess is that they probably need more staff, but I have no complaints about my own experience.  This is also probably the most vegetarian friendly Sichuan place I've been to. I'm not vegetarian, but my husband mostly eats vegetarian, so this restaurant was a great find for us.
