This is where I usually come for lunch in Palo Alto, and I've been doing so for some 30 years.  All my other favorite Chinese places in the area from the early days are long gone, but Jing Jing is still here. They advertise themselves as very spicy.  Not really, by Szechwan standards. I like the way the lunch plate works.  You get TWO entrees from a list of about a dozen, plus the usual rice and soup.  They're all pretty good, with the hot braised shrimp a particular treasure, though I think the kung pao chicken has gotten duller over the years.  Service very fast, a particular advantage at lunchtime.
Edible,above average Chinese joint with OK pricing. If I were hungry and in the mood,I would come here,but as as a special trip,nah.
Haiku's for Jing Jing's Palo Alto... Jing Jing's for dinner Or lunch for large groups or small Szechwan Chinese fare! Not the tastiest Nor the spiciest, but still We keep coming back! They're not my first choice But some friends can't get enough I still enjoy it! I recommend it For Stanford Delivery Also for take-out! It's been many years Since I dined in at Jing Jing's I can't speak on that! Most recent visit.... Owner (?) helped me with large order Meanwhile, made small talk! They served me water While I waited, offered tea Excellent service! Mongolian beef Orange peel chicken, white rice Beef and broccoli! And there's so much more Including a favorite.... Fried crab meat rangoon!
My husband and I really enjoy Jing Jing.  We live in the neighborhood and it's super fast, very good, reasonably priced.  Our favorites are the standards...vegetable delight, cashew chicken, and broccoli in spicy garlic sauce.  Best of all the lunch special is only $8.50 for two entrees and soup.
Oh what a place! One of the few restaurants that I would drive down form Berkeley for! Parking can be tricky, but there are quite a few public parking garages around the place which, I think are free on weekends and after 8pm. The inside of the restaurant is very subtle yet nicely done. I especially like the wall paintings they have. Now about the food. Their hot and sour soup is good, so is the wonton. I haven't really tried too many appetizers, just the potstickers, which are good too. I like their beef (with your choice of vegetable - broccoli, mushrooms, green onions) in brown sauce. That is always good. The one with broccoli is my personal favorite though, especially because the broccoli florets absorb so much flavor. Usually I eat so much here (cannot skip the soup, appetizers OR main course) that I never am hungry for desserts so I don't know how those are, but you should definitely try the food here.
My go-to Chinese food place since 1999.  Makes Su-Hong taste bland.
If you've got a craving for Chinese food this is a good spot. Located doors away from another Chinese restaurant, they both stand out as good locales for good and cheap Chinese food.
My husband and I have been fans of Jing Jing since 2000 when he introduced me to their won tons with chili sauce and dried sauteed shredded beef. We consider Jing Jing to be our second home and are sad that now we have to drive 100 miles to dine there. However, the food is definitely worth driving 100 miles for. :-)
The service here is so damn bad. My water was warm, I asked for ice water. Server gave me attitude. They forgot to bring a dish out 10minutes into the meal I reminded him. Server gave me attitude then dumped the dish on the edge of the table&walked away. My original plate they gave wasn't clean, I mentioned it. More attitude. I would have given the food a 3 stars easy, but the guy serving was such a inconsiderate server that I'd never come back.
Horrible restaurant with health code violations. I went with 3 friends for dinner and when we ordered the dumpling appetizer, my friend discovered a DEAD FLY inside one of hers. We informed the waiter, who brought out another round of dumplings. But yet again, we discovered ANOTHER DEAD FLY inside. By the time the bill was brought over, I saw that they charged us for the dumplings. So I asked the waiter about it, who insisted that we pay for the second order of dumplings. I wasn't in the mood to argue, so we just paid the bill and left NO TIP. In the meantime, the Santa Clara County Department of Health will be notified, so EAT HERE AT YOUR OWN RISK!
Definitely my favorite Chinese food restaurant. I've been going there regularly for more than 20 years! They have a terrific vegetarian section to their menu. My favorite dishes are the dry sauteed string beans, mu shu vegetables, and bom bom bean sprout rolls in peanut sauce. I also like the braised eggplant. Often I order asparagus/mushroom and tofu in black bean sauce (they make it for me even though it isn't actually on the menu). The service is terrific - Haru (waitress/hostess) has worked there for as long as I've been going, and many of the other wait staff have been there a long time too. They are friendly and attentive. I've held a lot of my birthday parties there. I've never had a friend join me there and not be impressed with the quality of the food. I'd give it more than 5 stars if I could!
I usually come here for the lunch special with my friend Kelsey and I always get the kung pao chicken and the twice cooked pork. And, of course, an order of pot stickers. The pot stickers here are by far the best I've had. I love them. I could eat them all day, if I could afford it. The hot and sour soup is also amazing. It has the perfect amount of spice that hits you right in the back of the throat. I only wish the serving size was bigger. The kung pao chicken is decently spiced and the twice cooked pork is really good. However, I felt the serving of the pork was small compared to how much kung pao chicken I got. The serving staff doesn't smother you, which is nice. But it would also be nice if I got refills of water without having to flag someone down a few times. The prices are really good, especially for the lunch special. You get a lot of food for under ten dollars and I always leave pleasantly full.
Pros: Service good, food comes fast Cons: Food kind of oily. We ordered mango prawns and the eggplant in spicy garlic sauce. I didn't feel the mango prawn dish was "harmonious". It was as if the peppers, prawns were cooked separately, added together along with the mango. There wasn't a sauce to link the ingredients together, albeit the prawns were tasty. Maybe a mango puree sauce would be better. We were wondering what the mango would be like. It wasn't ripe and not cooked long, so it wasn't soft and mushy. The dish overall was "fresh" instead of "sweet". Maybe they can consider adding some limon-pepper, salt, and chili, but that might be more of a fusion outlook. Eggplant dish was good...but that might have been the oil. Maybe use olive oil instead? We ordered wonton soup, but I think that got lost in translation. I didn't look inside the potstickers for any surprise ingredients, but they were pretty good. Complimentary fortune cookie and tea (you'd be surprised some Chinese restaurants don't offer this)
Great potstickers, walnut prawns, and dry sauteed string beans.   They have had consistent quality for more than 10 years.    I've ordered many dishes here the last maybe 15 years.   The quality of the food is pretty good for a chinese restaurant, which tend to use really bad quality beef.     Jing Jing, however, seems to use decent quality ingredients.   Prices reflect the better quality food. Not the fanciest place to eat, but comfortable and in a great spot in downtown Palo Alto.    Seems like we always end up here when in search of a casual restaurant in Palo Alto.   Service has been consistently prompt and professional, although they are so busy at the front desk they can be a bit brusk.
My favorite take out ever. Love their Dan Dan Mein Noodles.
Love it here. I've been here twice, and plan to come back. Good service, spacey. Food is good. Pot stickers are nice and crispy, with a bit of grease. Chow mein is so-so, greasy. Won Ton soup is delicious. The broth is AMAZING. Sodas are given in cans with a cup full of ice, you are expected to pour. Great place for dinner that doesn't cost too much. Could be romantic.
Yesterday I decided to get the Special Lunch Plate BEEF WITH SPICY GARLIC SAUCE. It comes with a hot and sour soup and boy was I surprised at how big the portions were! Love it!!! and really love the owner  I think her name is Halio, she is a sweetheart!
When you walk in you see an array of awards - almost all 10+ years old.  Never a good sign right?  :) This is the type of Chinese restaurant found accross the US, especially in smaller towns.  Cheap food, large portions, plenty of wok oil, and for many - a stomach ache (and other bodily effects) later on. I had the tofu with vegetable.  It was a huge portion of both food and rice.  I believe in quality over quantity - so 2/5. Food - 2/5 Service - 3/5 Atmosphere - 2/5 Value - 4/5 There's just so many other Asian restaurants in Palo Alto - spend 20% more and get something good!
I'm always fairly certain an 'ethnic' food joint is going to be good if it's full of people of the same ethnicity. Jing Jing not only was full of Chinese people, happily munching away, but our server didn't even speak English. Thankfully, most of the world understands the universal language of pointing at an item on the menu. We got exactly what we ordered, quickly, and it was tasty. I've been back since, and I have to say, I'm always a little disturbed that the chopstick wrappers are in various states of disrepair; both times my chopstick wrapper has already torn open along the creases. I'm pretty sure there's nothing nefarious happening here, just cheap packaging. We had the boiled beef, the chicken with cilantro, and the sesame chicken. All of it was excellent.
Your steamed dumplings are what my dreams are made of. *drooollllll*
Reading 1 & 2 star reviews from people upset that Jing Jing isn't authentic hurts my brain.  It's American Chinese food.  Get over it. Once you accept this fact, it's not bad at all.  It's a restaurant with nice atmosphere, good service, and your typical white person Chinese comfort food.  Of course you can get "better" Chinese food for "less money."  If that's what you're going for, Jing Jing is the wrong place for you.  If you want a cup of hot & sour soup, chow mein, and mu shu pork (ok, their menu is a lot bigger than that!) in a pleasant environment, give it a try.
Long-time family favorite!  Great memories of friends being introduced to the sizzling rice soup. Was there yesterday for dinner.  Service is attentive, and polite.  Comfortable ambiance.  Walnut prawns is a favorite.  Not trendy.  Family friendly.
I have been going here for 21 years, and my parents longer. IT IS AMAZING. The service is good, the waiters are nice, and the food is the best!! All the food is good, but my favorites are: Hot and sour soup. Honeyed Walnut Prawns [The BEST]. Eggplant in Spicy Garlic Sauce. Fried Rice. Green Beans. Chow Mein. Potstickers. Mushu. Kung Pao Chicken. Parking is easy- street, or there are two lots (one across and one on the side). It is good for groups and kids. The noise level is usually quiet, but sometimes it can be more average. Also, it is a casual place, but it looks nice inside. GO HERE! :)
I'm a regular here for one reason: the kung pao prawns. The minimalist sauce is just the flavor I like, the shrimp are tender, and the peanuts are very crunchy. The dry-sauteed string beans (which have some preserved vegetable pieces tossed in for saltiness) are properly tender-crisp. To expand your selection, try the steamed fish fillets, featuring the classic soy-ginger-scallion flavor. (This can have a little too much oil floating on the sauce, so try asking them to go light on the oil.) For those who love sweet, the dry sauteed shredded beef (thin shreds of beef fried crispy then coated in a sweet and mildly spicy sauce) is fun, but it toughens over time, so don't plan on taking it home to re-heat. The staff is friendly (what happened to that famously gruff waiter from years ago?) and the prices are reasonable. Last Visit: 8/29/2011 for Dinner; 4/5 for Neighborhood Chinese
Jing Jing is ok. It's the place to go if you're starving and want americanized Chinese food. All the food seemed the quality of Panda or a take out place. We ordered sweet & sour chicken and szechwan chicken. The sweet & sour was kinda greasy, and the batter was kind of thick and hard. The szechwan chicken was better. I did enjoy the flavor of the chu mein, but the noodles were kind of plain. No vegetables in it, and only a few small pieces of chicken. The waiter was very prompt and the food was at our table in the matter of just minutes. The decor and ambiance is very nice. Seeing so many 4 star reviews, maybe i just ordered the wrong dishes???
Overpriced mediocre Chinese food that tastes like glorified Panda Express. It doesn't taste authentic and they pride their dishes on sweet and sour/orange/lemon chicken. We had the Braised eggplant dish which was lacking in flavor, sizzling rice soup that didn't sizzle and the combination pan fried noodles. The noodles. Not sure why Chelsea Clinton loved this place when she was in Stanford but I guess if you like Panda Express or PF Chang's this place would fit your idea of "Chinese" cuisine.
I'd recommend this place for lunch only.  If you stick to the specials, you can get in, eat and pay with plenty of time to run an errand downtown without taking more than an hour for your lunch break. I've been here several times with work groups and the service has still been speedy, as long as everybody is able to stick to the specials.  They're able to accommodate multiple groups at a time, so there's rarely a need to call ahead, but probably a good idea if you have more than 8. If you dare order something not on the specials menu, prepare to wait.  As other reviewers have noted, it's not exactly "authentic" Chinese food, but if you don't mind Anglo-Chinese they do a pretty good job with it. The decor is kind of neat as they have a large (wallpaper?) mural.  I'd be tempted to give it a 2-star rating, but since the wait staff is experienced and more than competent, they earn an extra star.
My son and I finally shared this place with others tonight.  It was "our spot", just the two of us, but he wanted others to know why he likes it very much.  When an 8 year old spontaneously and with sincerety says to the waiter, "you have great food" like tonight and with a lot of enthusiasm, then I want to let Yelpers know.  Seconds after being seated, they begin to wait upon us with hot tea and spicy sauces brought to our table.   Orders are taken quickly and dishes served with such succession so that we feel like it's a  feast.  It's comforting too to get great service here like on nights when a person feels tired, maybe too tired to cook.  We enjoy coming here.
You are better off going to Panda Express. Food quality: equivalent to Panda Service:  Worse than Panda. I waited so long for my meal to arrive, the rest of my party's plates were ready to be bussed by the time I finally cancelled my order. Decor: worse than Panda
Jing Jing is not my favorite Chinese food in town, but it's my favorite Chinese delivery.  They're fast, nice, the food is consistently good (if not great).  I've only eaten in a few times, but have ordered delivery from here more times than I should probably admit. My favorites are: hot & sour soup, dry sauteed string beans, dry sauteed shredded beef, orange peel beef, kung pao chicken. My unfavorites: eggplant in spicy garlic sauce (texture is too soft and slimy and I prefer the long, narrow purple eggplants), most of the un-spicy beef dishes (too bland/unflavorful -- as a rule of thumb, I stick with the hot & hotter menu).
Our favorite chinese delivery. I have ordered from the for at least 10 years and they have been good, fast and super nice. I only wish they have crab wontons and dim sum...
*Good Bang for your Buck Chinese Food* There's usually nothing special about Chinese Food if the outside looks like an old Chinese movie. But nonetheless, if you're looking for Chinese fast food to eat in or take out, this place is decent enough to satisfy all your cravings. I've never taken the time to eat inside, but whenever I call ahead to order, its ready at the time the cashier tells you. Their lunch specials are good deals. I usually choose Lunch Plate A @$7.25 and includes choice of two items: Sweet & Sour Pork (my fav!), Kung Pao Chicken, and a big heaping of Chow Mein. Being the ABC (American Born Chinese) I am, I can never get enough of basic run of the mill Chinese Food fit for the Gwai Low (in Cantonese). They even have a website to pick what you want and order on the phone before you go in and pay for your grub. If you want fast Chinese food and you're in a pinch for time, try Jing Jing in Palo Alto. I haven't been dissatisfied yet and I don't think you would be either.
This is a great chinese food place... some really good Szechwan styled dishes if you know how to order. Anybody who goes to chinese restaurants and order their lunch special is due for a mediocre experience, lunch specials are prepared early, so that they can be served speedily. To enjoy a typical chinese dinner you got to order out of the menu, and sometimes not out of the menu.  Ask for what fresh vegetables they have, and they will make it any styled you like, simply stir-fry in garlic tastes the best.  Ask what fish is fresh.  Their tangerine peel beef/chicken is always consistent.  Prepare to go with a big group of people, and do family style, so you can have a taste of many dishes and find out what you like,  please do no have everybody order the lunch special, that's not how Chinese food is meant to be served!
I honestly wasn't very sure about how authentic this place is... and to this day, while the meal i had at Jing Jing wasn't SUPER memorable, one dish was the definite standout: TEA SMOKED DUCK. Modeled much like it's cousin, peking duck, the dish was a little different than your usual standard fare, but the tea gave it this wonderful flavor that complemented the richness of the duck.  Plus it came with actual buns, and when paired with real hoisin sauce... yum! The other dish that we picked out, the ORANGE BEEF was... really disappointing.  The beef was difficult to chew, and the sauce was strangely watery. Jing Jing was a decent place to escape the chilly weather outside, but I can definitely think of better places to visit in Palo Alto.
This is a review by a vegetarian Utterly forgettable American-Chinese food. The pancakes with the MuShu seem to actually be tortillas. Szchwuan Tofu comes in glop and despite the 'pepper' indicator on the menu had no heat. Dan Dan noodles had good texture but the sauce was a little unctuous and gritty. Dry-cooked string beans were the best dish of the night. My fortune cookie told me I was creative "in bed" , which I already knew (and have been told to tune it down)
This is most definitely my favorite Chinese place in Palo Alto.  I've been coming here for over 10 years.  Their one downfall used to be that they didn't deliver, but they do now which means no more fighting for University parking!  $20 min order but that's ok, it just means very elaborate Chinese dinners for one. The food is always good here.  I've tried many things on the menu, from chicken to beef to vegetarian, everything is top notch. My favorite item on the menu is their chef's special orange peel beef, and by "chef's special" they really mean "f-ing amazing."  They have the most tender, most flavorful orange peel beef.  It comes with broccoli. The cashew chicken was not something I ordered but something I could not stop leaning over the table and eating.  It's sweet and the chicken isn't fried or battered. Chow Mein is another thing I like here.  When I come here for lunch I get this because the orange peel beef isn't on the lunch menu. Fortune cookies are inedible at most Chinese restaurants, but they are actually good here.  They don't come in a plastic wrapper. Service can be good or bad.  At lunchtime they tend to be slow, but at dinner they're more on their game. I ordered the Chinese beer and then quickly realized that it would probably be bad.  The Chinese aren't drinkers... they probably don't know how to make beer.  But I must say that the TsingTao was good.  I have yet to try the Japanese one.
I really liked this place. The vegetarian food we had was delicious and generous. The atmosphere is light and comfortable, a very open formal Chinese dining room. I will be going back some more as it was the best of dining experiences for me. I did not find the food oily but more saucy as Chinese cuisine is apt to be with the addition of cornstarch.
Best chinese on the peninsula and south bay.  It's been a favorite of many for generations.  I came here as a college student and still make the drive to eat the kung pao, schezuan eggplant, mapo tofu.  Love this place.
I have been coming to Jing Jing for over a decade and have never had a complaint...however, I haven't eaten there in years, so my review only counts for take out. The food is good, reasonably priced, great portions, they will cater on short notice and deliver any order over $25 nearby.  One time, while catering for clients, they even reopened the kitchen to accommodate me, really, you don't get better service than that! My favorite items: kung pao chicken, mongolian beef, pepper beef in spicy black bean sauce, hot and sour soup (my fave when I feel sicky) and won ton soup.  You really can't go wrong with any of these items.  For dessert, get the cream puffs, NOM! FYI: There are a ton of parking lots within a block too, but downtown does get busy during prime time.
This place is super quirky - I love the staff. The food is good, though I'm sure it's loaded with MSG and other things I don't want to know about. That doesn't stop me from eating here all the time.  Love it!
Bleah I was disappointed with this place.  We came here after going to see "Little Miss Sunshine" right across the street.  My friend is vegetarian, and I'm not generalizing but as a vegetarian he has a poor taste in what non-vegetarians would like.  He got the sauteed tofu dish, which was rather bland but he was ok with since he apparently loves drowning everything asian in soy sauce. I got the garlic chicken, but I honestly can't tell it from, say, Mandarin Chicken or General Tsou's chicken.  The flavor was so strong (in a bad way, and I'm Korean) that I had to dilute the dish with gobs of rice.  Only then did it taste OK. The only reason I didn't give it a 2 was because they are FAST.  Yes it was 9pm, but the place was about 1/3 full and we both got our food within 3 minutes.  My friend said "wow that was fast" and the server mumbled "we are fast" as he left the table.  It was the way he said it, so matter of factly, not even boasting.
This place is super quirky - I love the staff. The food is good, though I'm sure it's loaded with MSG and other things I don't want to know about. That doesn't stop me from eating here all the time.  Love it!
Best chinese on the peninsula and south bay.  It's been a favorite of many for generations.  I came here as a college student and still make the drive to eat the kung pao, schezuan eggplant, mapo tofu.  Love this place.
I have no idea what it is, but it seems that all Palo Alto establishments I've been to recently have a much higher rating on Yelp than they should.  Jing Jing is seemingly a Chinese restaurant, but I'm here to tell you it is not.  If you want American faux-Chinese food, then yes, come here.  By all means come here and stop going to all the great wonderful places that serve delicious food. I came here with my friend knowing that he had, sadly, eaten here before, but selected to do so based upon convenience. The service was fine.  I didn't have a problem at all with the service.  It's your traditional flag-the-waiter-when-you-need-something type of establishment. The prices are sadly over-priced for what you're getting.  I can order one of the dishes, at a superbly higher quality for 50% the price up in SF.  There is no excuse to charge $19.95 for a dish that can be made extremely well and profitably for $10. Three dishes were ordered: hot and sour soup (how cliche), smoked pork, and spicy chicken. The smoked pork was manageable, yet nothing earth-shattering.  The "ma la zi ji" (spicy chicken) should have been fried and spicy.  This came out seemingly flash wok-fried with celery and black beans.  The black beans were expected, but celery does not belong in this dish.  It really was more sweet than anything else. Quite honestly, the hot and sour soup was the best thing we had, which isn't really saying much. I have no intention of ever coming back here.  If I have to eat Chinese food in Palo Alto, for now, I'll stick with Jade Palace and Su Hong, otherwise you'll find me in many other parts of the Bay for mouth-watering Chinese food.
Man, I've never had such bland Chinese food! I came here for lunch on a Monday afternoon. I must admit, that I showed up late in the lunch-time period (2:45PM), so the place was EMPTY, and the cooks were eating their lunch in the back of the restaurant. However, the sign outside the door still indicated "open." When I ordered, they no longer served me the lunch specials (which end at 2PM). Hence, I was forced to get 1/2 the variety of food by ordering a full dinner selection of Hunan Tofu and rice. The food arrived in about 5 minutes and thus I was already sketched out by the place. I am always weary of food that arrives before I even finish my order - it means that the food and sauces were sitting half cooked in the wok. When I took my first bite of my tofu dish and did not taste any black bean sauce or garlic, I made my decision to only revisit this place if it is the only option left for lunch in Palo Alto.
I really liked this place. The vegetarian food we had was delicious and generous. The atmosphere is light and comfortable, a very open formal Chinese dining room. I will be going back some more as it was the best of dining experiences for me. I did not find the food oily but more saucy as Chinese cuisine is apt to be with the addition of cornstarch.
My favorite Chinese food!  When we used to live in Palo Alto, we would go here at least once a week.  Now that we moved across the bay, it is always a treat to come back here if we happen to be in the neighborhood.  If you want it spicy, they will do it!  Order the Kung Pao Chicken, Szechwan Pepper Chicken, Shredded Pork with Garlic Sauce, or their Hunan Tofu.  I always have a hard time choosing amongst these dishes! The funny thing about this place is that the glasses of water they give you are tiny.  I guess it is a test to see who can handle the hot stuff!
Our favorite chinese in Palo Alto. It is not fancy, but the prices are very reasonable, and the food is great! A must try is the House Special noodle soup, their mu shu pork is also great, as well as the sesame chicken. I suspect their wine is somewhat watered down, it doesn't taste much.
If you go to stanford, don't have a lot of money (palo alto prices!!! grrrr) and crave some chinese food, Jing Jing is hands down the best place to fill your craving.  Their prices are reasonable (8-16 dollars per person if you do family style) and their dishes are great.  Granted, I am now a vegetarian and no longer can eat there since everything that I loved had meat in it.  My friends that were vegetarians, tended to dislike it, so this place is definitely for meat eaters. If you can spare time for lunch, their lunch special includes two dishes and something else for dirt cheap (I think it was rice or soup and the cost of the lunch special was 7 bucks or so.  Note, its only Mon-Thurs). Kung Pao beef and Walnut prawns are definitely two dishes everyone should try.
As many know, Jing Jing has a reputation for giving diners Chinese food with a spicy flair.  This restaurant has won the Palo Alto Weekly award for "Best Hot and Spicy Food" for something like seven years running.  They have a fairly extensive vegetarian entre list, and their tofu and noodle dishes are great.  If you love your Chinese food in a spicy style, this is a great place for you, and even if you don't there are still plenty of choices.  The service, like most Chinese restaurants is not great...typical no-nonsense waiters. Overall, a solid choice on this end of University.
Unlike the other Peninsula Chinese joints, they do NOT observe national holidays, bonus stars! Delivery.  Wonderful for a lazy day. Generous amounts of thick dinner napkins, chopsticks that break @ the top, and over 20 fortune cookies.  They gave us an ample supply of styrofoam plates also.  Impressive. They serve Mu Shu in three forms: Chicken, pork and beef, but they use TORTILLAS, no, really.  WTF?!? Brown rice is available and the dishes are cooked lightly in oil. I was being adventurous, so I ordered the bon bon chicken and dan dan noodles, but they BOTH come slathered in a thick peanut sauce, ew, I want CHINESE not THAI. Only carry Broccoli, no GAI LAN here. Order anything with rock cod, it is cooked well here. Paid $11.95 for their Beef & Scallop in Sizzling Plate, greasy, minuscule chewy scallops, lacking in flavor. Hot & Hotter section on their menu, ordered the Mongolian Beef, their best dish, we should have stuck to this section of the menu. Out of eight dishes, only loved one, two were good, three edible and two bland.  I'm still miffed that they ruined a perfectly good mu shu dish with tortillas. With a name like Jing Jing and a PA zip code, I should have expected less and known better.
I visited Jing Jing recently and tried a few more dishes that I highly recommend ~ salt and pepper rock cod fillet is addicting ~ dry sauteed shredded beef is deliciously tasty and spicey
My favorite family owned restaurant! Delicious Chinese food along with fast and friendly service.... Read more 
Gelatinous vegetables, slimy meats, brusque waiters, and a phone they let ring off the hook.  We kept giving this place a chance because they could seat large groups, but an entire coalition of my co-workers are boycotting Jing Jing at this point. The *only* thing I like about this place is their "choose 2" lunch combo;  Unfortunately, there aren't two things on their menu I want.
This place has been here forever, with the exact same waiters and food, so I am giving it an extra nostalgia point. The service is good and the atmosphere is decently nice, but the fact of the matter is, their food isn't that good. The dan dan noodles are my brother's favorite, and they were all right but there was something about the peanut sauce that didn't taste quite right to me. The kung pao chicken had really poor quality meat, and the only thing the potstickers had going for them was that they were fried and I was still very hungry when they arrived. Dry sauteed string beans were OK. I think China Delight, which is about three doors down, is much better. I will only return to Jing Jing with my brother, who inexplicably loves it.
I used to work in PA years ago and would come here a couple of times a week with Little Timmy.  I simply love this place. For lunch, you get to pick two entrees - I always get the Szechuan Pepper Chicken and Hunan Bean Cake.  Nice and spicy and ohhh so tasty.  If we ever come here for dinner, friends usually pick the orange peel beef which is a house special. I now work in Cupertino and would only come here once or twice a year.  The staff still recognizes me and would bring me a little extra something on the house.
Now, both my parents are asian, so I'm pretty experienced in the whole Asian food thing. When I walked into Jing Jing the first thing I noticed was how Asian it was.  All the servers spoke Asian and were serving Asian food.  They instantly recognized me as Asian and liked me right away.  I said hi to them in Asian and they smiled.  As we sat down I noticed how delicious (and Asian) everything was. The food was good if you're looking for Asian.... seriously. Anything Asian - they'll make. I dare you....go try. Go Asians. #azn
Jing Jing, it sounds like the name of a silly clown or something and who'd have thought this place is actually the real deal? I normally park at the lot across the street.  My friend and I were bored so we drove down to PA for lunch without really having a plan.  We walked around for a while and ended up back here. We ordered curry chicken, smoked pork, and combination fried rice.  First let's talk about the smoked pork.  This pork was SMOKEY and served with fresh vegetables and jalapenos.  I love smoked pork and I could eat this dish every day for the rest of my life and not be disappointed. The chicken curry was also amazing.  Rich and thick curry sauce without the corn-starchy glop that you'll find in a lot of places like this. I went back with my wife and sadly the curry was not as good this time.  The freshness in the preparation was there but the sauce wasn't as good.  We got Mongolian beef and it was excellent.  Fresh ingredients make the difference. Right now this is my favorite Chinese food in the area, but it's definitely inconsistent so who knows if it will remain there.
This review is for delivery only. We've ordered delivery from Jing Jing's about 5 times. The dude who takes the orders is super nice and it's a painless process. The delivery is always prompt and the driver is always nice. More importantly, the food is always tasty and fresh. I'm really glad Jing Jing's delivers because there aren't many good establishments that deliver to Menlo Park.
Sorry, I've tried this place several times and it's just. not. good. Not even by mid-Peninsula standards, which are not very high. We got takeout tonight, ordering a variety of dishes. The food: greasy, sort-of spicy but not very flavorful, and sadly overcooked. Broccoli should not be yellow. I guess we'll keep going to Mountain View or San Mateo for decent Chinese.
Another referral from a couple of friends. Both told me that going here was a regular weekend routine for them. I know them from different circles, wonder if they have eaten there at the same time. I digress... Anyways, expectations were high when I went there...Usual challenges with parking since this is off University. What I liked...You get to pick 2 entrees with your lunch special. I like that a lot. Pretty unique and gave me a chance to try the fried tofu and kung pao chicken.  Was not left with buyer's remorse that I should have tried something else. The food was very good. Would I go here every weekend?  Probably not but would go back once in a while. I hear that the prawns are great but I am not much of a sea food fan. Also heard that they are known for very spicy food. I suggest going to the gelatto place right next door for dessert.
*Note: review only for delivery My co-workers wanted Chinese food for a farewell party we were having for a co-worker. We ordered delivery from Jing Jing, a rec from another co-worker. It was easy to make the order over the phone and when the driver called to let us know he was here, we got the cash and two of us went down to meet him. A bunch of us asked for fortune cookies and we got them. Yay! Out of the many dishes we ordered, my absolute fave was the Szechwan Dan Dan Mein ($6.95). It was spicy and full of flavor. The flavor was a cross between peanut sauce and hot chili sauce. It was so good, I think we should have ordered 2 of them! Even thought the noodles were "mein" they weren't the thin kind, but semi-thick (not flat like chow fun) and were so delish! I'm either going to have to suggest to order out from them again or just go and visit for more Dan Dan noodles!
Yummy. Good food, nice and spicy, friendly service.  Fast takeout is definitely a plus.  These guys have been around a while for a reason...
Today I had a cold - what was the best thing to help?  Unbelievable hot & sour soup.  This was the best I've found in a long time.  The potstickers were also a delicious find.  Will definitely come back to try other dishes when I can taste more!
Dear waiter: don't hover over my table 20 seconds after I open the menu. In fact, I will signal that I'm ready to order by closing the menu and putting it down. I've been to restaurants before; have you? Good appetizers and subpar entrees is the new norm for Chinese cuisine in northern California. The pot stickers were good, although some bites were doughy and undercooked. My single portion of brown rice was enough for a table of eight. The chicken in my cashew chicken dish was rubbery, but the sauce had good flavor. I'll just get apps, soup, and fortune cookies from now on. Actually, I'll just go elsewhere.
I had an okay time at this restaurant and was prepared to give it a solid 3 stars as a go-to for chinese take-out... However, as the night went on, the unmistakable signs of food poisoning emerged - vomiting and diarrhea. Need I say more?
I liked how they prepared the lunch for take-out. For $8, I got a huge vat of the braised tofu I ordered. She even threw in the soup that comes with lunch specials even tho I didn't get the lunch special. There was a styrofoam plate, and in a baggie -- plastic cutlery, a packet of soy sauce, and a fortune cookie. All this double-bagged in paper and plastic. Kind of wasteful, yes, but very thoughtful on their end! And the food wasn't bad! Very good take-out for the working professional.
Tea, water and fortune cookies included. Went to eat here after a wine tasting at Bistro 412. I had the Walnut Shrimp and the Mongolian Beef. The beef said it was spicy on the menu but it was not, still quite tasty though. The walnut shrimp was very good, just the way I like it. Plus for Palo Alto they are very inexpensive. All in all I recommend this place for a good Chinese fix when you want a decent meal for a decent price in Palo Alto.
Jing Jing!  Light of my life, fire of my loins, my sin, my soul... This restaurant is so good that I feel genuine pity for the other Chinese place next door that gets the overflow from Jing Jing's lunchtime crowd.  I like just about everything regarding this restaurant just off University Avenue in Palo Alto. I have never had a dish here that wasn't entirely delicious.  The Mongolian beef and the orange peel chicken are especially flavorful.  The entrees are quite spicy and steeped in tasty sauces.  The kung pao chicken, a staple of the traditional Americanized Chinese restaurant, is of particular note.  It is rife with spicy peppers, juicy bits of chicken, and fresh, crunchy peanuts that completely accentuate the flavor.  Finally, go for the hot and sour soup at the beginning of your meal.  I'd say it's a tad more sour than hot, but this can easily be remedied with a little chili paste (served upon request). The service here is excellent.  Everything is done quickly and efficiently, though not with the warmest of demeanors.  But who cares?  I just want my food and drink brought to me in a reasonable amount of time.  I don't get all warm and fuzzy inside if a stranger smiles at me. The decor is nothing special.  There is practically no ambiance, as well.  While it's certainly far from a dive, this is not a fancy-schmancy place to take a first date (N.B. sadly, this is where I took my wife on our first date).  It's just a regular restaurant with great food. Finally, as if there weren't enough good things to say about Jing Jing, THEY DELIVER!  Many are the times my old roommates and I would come home and dial up some J-squared.  Delivery is fast and the food is brought piping hot.  Eventually, the kind lady who runs the place learned who we were after ordering so frequently, and gave us free eggrolls and hot and sour soup. I BESEECH YOU, DEAR READER, COULD A GREATER BOON BE BESTOWED UPON A POOR SOUL THAN AN EGGROLL?  VERILY, THERE IS NO BETTER WAY TO SAY 'I LOVE YOU' THAN BY GIFTING THIS SMALL, WONDROUS PORK AND CABBAGE WARRIOR DONNED IN FRIED, GREASY ARMOR!  FOR THE EGGROLL IS UNDER A GEAS TO SLAY THE INDEFATIGABLE BEAST OF HUNGER THAT ROILS IN YOUR BELLY, LIKE AN UNDULATING, TURBULENT SLAVE GIRL BRED FOR PLEASURE IN A SERAGLIO! Jing Jing, I love you.
Yummy yummy yummy, MSG in my tummy! This has been my family's standard Chinese take-out place for years. I personally can't comment on the authenticity of their food, but I think they tend to attract a more asian crowd. Love their veggie wontons in chili sauce. I've tried the meat ones too but I like the veggie ones better. Kung pao chicken is one of our staples. We always order the chow mein but it's very inconsistent... some days it's soo flavorful and good and other days it's not good at all. The chicken they put in their noodles tends to be very dry, so I recommend either prawn or veggie. This place is great for take-out. Call in over the phone and your food is ready in 15 min!
Disclaimer: I am not a Chinese food person.  It is probably my least favorite ethnicity of food. Disclaimer out of the way, I am now free to say that Jing Jing makes me very happy.  I regularly crave their spicy garlic eggplant, as does a friend who does not even like eggplant.  Their veggie steamed wontons are also wonderful, and they offer vegetarian sweet and sour soup too, which is a little bit difficult to find, it seems.  (Though I cannot pretend to have thoroughly surveyed the status of veggie sweet and sour soup; please see disclaimer above.) The people who work there are all wonderful.  They are kind and helpful.  Once I ordered take out before catching a train back up to the city.  After ordering, I stood out front with my bike, anxiously and repeatedly checking my watch.  (Beware the Caltrain dead zone between 7:20 and 8:40...)  The woman working at the front register was somehow quite aware of my anxiousness, though I was trying really hard not to be obnoxious about my train-worries.  They rushed my food out to me, beating their original estimate by a good five minutes.  When the man who ran (literally ran!) the food outside to me turned to go back inside, he once more pivoted around in order to warn me to be careful with the food while on my bicycle, since they'd included some free soup.  It felt like we were all on the same team to get me both fed and home to the city at a reasonable hour. My only bad Jing Jing experience to date was once, long ago, when I carted home my beloved vegetarian steamed wontons, only to discover that they were not filled with vegetable matter at all, but globules of pork.  Surprise pork is my least favorite kind of pork.  Nonetheless, it was easy to forgive Jing Jing, even for surprise pork.
Very mediocre Chinese food, to be honest. For vegetarians, there is a decent selection. Although, the tofu dish I ordered was too soft and slimy. Service was prompt and the location is convenient.
The owners of this restaurant are very friendly and provide great customer service.  They don't offer all veggie choices I would like to see in traditional Chinese restaurants, but I wouldn't expect  since it's in downtown Palo Alto.  I went there with a group of co-workers.  Everyone chose a dish and we did it family style. I can't remember everything we had, but I remember the potstickers were very flavorful.  I ordered the eggplant, which had a food balance of flavor.  The meat dishes were good too, and the vegetables that accompanied them seemed fairly fresh--I would probably lean more towards their spicy dishes as they seem to center on Szechuan and Hunan style cuisine.  I was surprised that I liked their chow mein--I usually won't order this unless I am in a restaurant that caters to mostly Chinese people.  Since one of my co-workers ordered it, it thought I would give it a try.  Not exactly the kind of noodles I love, but not bad either. My boyfriend and I went back yesterday and got the potstickers, chow fun, and sizzling rice soup.  The soup might be better with a lighter broth as it was a bit salty.  Most places use chicken broth with just a bit of seasoning, and I tend to like that better.  Overall, I would say it's a good place for casual Chinese in downtown Palo Alto.
I've been going here for the last 10 years and it's as good as it's always been. The real treat here is the lunch special. I always go out of my way to go whenever I'm back in town.  First off, you get a cup of hot and sour soup. Definitely a good way to start the meal. Then your choice of two entrees.  I normally go for a combination of szechwan pepper chicken, beef with spicy garlic sauce, kung pao chicken or twice cooked pork.  They're all incredible. And for dinner, it's just as good. The only difference is you get to choose from the whole menu.  I'm a sucker for sticking to favorites so I normally go for hot and sour soup, szechwan pepper chicken, mongolian beef and hunan lamb.  But everything else on the menu is good and definitely worth trying. Conveniently located right off University, Jing Jing is reasonably priced and provides great food with great service.
I would rather eat at Panda Express. Very Americanized Chinese food. I am not the kind that are too hang up on the authenticity as long as my food taste good. Unfortunately, this restaurant really disappointed me. The food was super greasy. The meat were literary swimming in oil. None of of the dishes were particularity spicy but all of them were very salty. My taste buds were totally overloaded and overwhelmed by the sauce. After a while everything tasted the same. At the end of my meal I almost failed to distinguish lamb from beef. To be fair, the service was alright and food came out fairly quickly. Next time I would still rather order take out from Panda Express.
Disclaimer: This rating is for lunch only. 2 stars. I've had much better.  If I reviewed this place a couple of years when I first came, it wouldve been 4 stars.  The reason for the dropoff?  Quality. For $7.50 you can choose two different dishes and it comes with the hot and sour soup and rice. Not a bad deal, but the food they bring out.. you can tell it is not fresh.  It is akin to going to Mr Chau's and them slapping some food on a styrofoam plate, only here it is served to you with glass plates.  What I rememeber about this place were it's awesome spicy flavors, I didn't find that today even tho it was requested. I got the same slop everyone else gets.  The hot and sour soup definitely was not up to par as I remember in year's past either. I'm not going to return here for lunch, I think I'll try the place next door if I'm in the area, or drive down to Ikea for some meatballs :)
I'm taking a quick break from stuffing my face to write this review, as the food delivered is still piping hot. On today's menu: Beef fried rice, jing jing special pan fried noodle, mongolian beek, diet coke. Beef fried rice The first thing that came to mind as I took a bite was that it reminded me of home-made fried rice. It had a nice soft egg flavor, punctuated with beef bites. The rice is still whitish-yellow, not heavily brown from soy sauce, etc. Not that that's a bad thing. The rice is repeatable. Pan Fried Noodle While still very good, it's not the kind that I like. They used what looks like chow mein noodles vs the thinner noodles, but I'm not sure what they're called. Repeatable, but not for my tastes. Mongolian Beef Tasty. Not as spicy as I'd hoped, but the beef is very moist and tender. Oh wait...there's the spice (chewing as I type). The delivery was very fast, inside of 30 minutes, even though I gave them the wrong address. Great service, good food, good prices.
You can't beat the prices here for the quality of food and the atmosphere. I come here regularly for lunch. It feels like I'm going to a much more expensive restaurant. I recommend the dan dan noodles, which is typically my go-to meal, tea is typically good along with the hot an sour soup. The portions are usually enough for leftovers. I have always been happy with the service and the quality of food in the 3+ years that I've been coming here.
I went there for lunch.  The shrimp served on my plate was partially cold still.  Yuck.... The noodle dish was not good either. The tofu and cashew chicken were ok. Will not return again since there are better choices around University avenue.
I returned to Jing Jing after a 5+ year hiatus.  Jing Jing was one of the few Chinese restaurants in the Palo Alto-area that I enjoyed eating it. The food is still good, but not great.  I definitely appreciate several vegetarian additions to the menu.  Specifically, the vegetable won-tons with chili sauce were supurb.
Just back from having their $6.95 lunch plate special; I chose the Shanghai Noodles; my lunch companion, Mary, opted for the $7.50 lunch special and got to choose 2 items, the Veggies & Shrimp and the Sauteed Broccoli with Steamed Rice.  Each come with Hot & Sour soup. Is it the best Chinese food I've had?  No.  Was it adequate?  Absolutely.  I was craving noodles, the price was right, service was prompt, so all around a good lunch experience!
The food is not bad.  But it's not great either.  Just so-so.  The price is fairly reasonable for downtown Palo Alto.  For the same price range, China Delight (next door to Jing Jing) is better.
Well think of a sit down fast food chinese joint. It's decent and cheap. Great for take out. Their fried rice is probably the best thing they really serve. The food doesn't stand out as it's very mediocre hence the rating.
Not the best Chinese food I've ever had, but it is the best Chinese food I've ever had delivered to my house. I've only had stuff off the spicy part of the menu and I don't see myself venturing from that.
Our standard for local sit-down Chinese as well as pick-up. Consistently fresh, flavorful (Mu Shu, Kung Pao Shrimp...). Served efficiently, quickly, price is fair.
Perfect place to grab a quick lunch Came here because my toddler wanted pot stickers. The pot stickers were good, the steamed dumplings were misleading. They were not your traditional Shanghai steamed dumplings, but the pot stickers steamed instead of fried. Bean sauce noodles were decent. Hubby had the lunch special of beef with spicy garlic sauce and shrimp with veggies which he liked. Meal also came with hot/sour soup and server was kind enough to bring out corn soup for the baby.
First time taster here at Jing Jing. Good food, good price, good service. Overall, the quality was typical of Chinese places I go to, but the Eggplant was a clear winner at our table. Give it a try when you go! Here's what we ordered: Braised Eggplant - FLAVORFUL AND DELICIOUS. I would definitely order this again. Cashew Nuts Chicken - very yummy! Good and exactly what you would expect: Mu-Shu Pork Prawns with Assorted Vegetables Black Mushrooms with Snow Peas Overall, 3 stars for meeting expectations. I probably wouldn't go out of my way for this, but it's a good place to go if you're nearby and craving Chinese cuisine.
A very good restaurant!
My favorite place for Chinese in Palo Alto, and easily the best if you're downtown on the east side of the train tracks. I've never been letdown by Jing Jings.  Though I mainly stick to the Curry Chicken, the Broccoli Beef + Spicy Tofu combo (love how you can mix dishes at lunch), and the noodle soups, I can report that these staples are filling and irresistibly yummy, and that all lunches come with one of the more high-quality Hot N Sour soups out there.  They're cool about giving a boatload of rice if you ask for it, and the food comes fast!  Nice servers, too.  At meal's end, even the concluding cookie is a cut above. Try it, at least.  Way better than that Mandarin Gourmet place next door.
Best Chinese in California. The Asian lady that works there is so friendly. Orange peel beef, anyone?
Delivery:  FAST!  It took approximately 30 minutes for dinner to arrive at my door. Food:  Pretty good.  Potstickers, not bad.  The pork fried rice was delicious, not too greasy!  Walnut prawns was my favorite!  The Hot and Spicy orange peel chicken was surprisingly not that spicy. Price:  Reasonable.  About $40 I haven't dined in the restaurant yet, but thumbs up for fast delivery and decent Chinese food.  I will definitely order from here again.  Oh yeah, I ordered delivery on Labor Day.  Could it be they weren't that busy in-house?  Or, were they extremely busy, and still managed to deliver fast?
This place is not too expensive, and has decent food. I liked the Kung Pao Chicken, but even the mild version was a bit too spicy for me. Avoid the Combination Chow Fun, which has way too thick noodles and very dry chicken. Service was a bit rushed but ok. They were very adamant at refilling our water. Restaurant has a nice atmosphere, accented by Chinese paintings and art. But you could probably find a better place around the corner at Typhoon..
When it's Sunday night and your whole family is hacking and gasping for air due to the flu, Jing Jing delivers quickly, efficiently, accurately, the food containers are well packed, and they're nice folks. Hot, spicy tofu soup, family sized, hot pickle,  freshly made rice, and a braised whole fish sure hit the spot last night and this morning. Beats having to go to PAMF to get on an oxygen machine, and costs a lot less, too. To get hot, quick, easy, not greasy (if you pick very carefully), fresh, moderately spicy food delivered, the only place we know of that delivers to West Menlo and we've  counted on for the past 11 years is Jing Jing. Now, if only Hunan Homes delivered.
If you are in downtown Palo Alto and looking for a reasonable priced Chinese food this is a perfect place to go. I can say that their wonton soup is the best I have had so far around the Bay and also their Schezuan Pepper Beef dish is pretty good if you like spicy food. (This beef dish is not on the menu, but the chicken version is. You have to ask the waiter to have it with beef.) Their vegetables dishes are kind of greasy, so I usually try not to order those. Also, their shrimp noodles and fried rice is good but do not get Dan Dan Noodles unless you are into eating noodles with very thick peanut sauce. The staff is very friendly and they like to give recommendations too if you need more :) In the end, it is American style good Chinese food! PS: If you like hot sauce, ask the waiter for the hot sauce that they make inhouse. It is just amazing! If you like the sauce, they sell it in little bottles.
Eggplant. Sizzling rice soup. Walnut shrimp. Fried won-ton. Warm, simple, honest food.
Very very good Szechwan food.  I have been going here for 20 years and some of the same people have worked here the whole time.  That's a very good sign. This is my favorite Orange Peel Chicken anywhere.  Go ahead and be brave: Order it "spicy."  I am a big fan of the Dan Dan Mien as well - great if you want something with no meat.  It really sticks to your ribs. They make their own pot stickers and won tons.  Like eating at Mom's (if mom was Szechwan). My favorite part of Jing Jing's: The leftovers for breakfast the next morning.  What a great way to start the day!
Great food, low prices, and my to-go order was ready in about 10 minutes! The cashew chicken and broccoli with beef were delicious. I will definitely be coming here regularly from now on. :)
I have been going to Jing Jing's for almost 20 years now. To me, its a landmark. My wife and absolutely love the place. It's truly a family restaurant for us. The food is excellent and the staff is like family. If you are looking for a laid back excellent food and service, Jing Jing's is your place! PS: Their potstickers are awesome!
First time visitor to this restaurant.  We went for dinner.  Some good, some meh.  We shared Potstickers and Hot & Sour soup.  I had the Eggplant in Spicy Garlic Sauce. The Potstickers were nice, flavorful. The Hot & Sour soup was surprisingly bland.  We both added vinegar to it, to liven it up. The Eggplant in Spicy Garlic Sauce was certainly not spicy.  I loved the texture of the dish, and once I added a touch of salt and a few dashes of soy sauce, it was pretty yummy. It was also floating in a pool of oil...  I poured as much of it off as I could, but it was still a bit disturbing. I will give them another try, and see how things go.
If you like spicy food, this is a great place; and the non - spicy dishes on the menu are great as well.  Also, good take out.
This restaurant is very close to Stanford University. After spending a few hours scrolling on campus, I was starving. I was ready to have some Chinese food. I know nothing about this neighborhood. So I took chance to ask my Garmin Nuvi 205 to find a proper place. It is one of nearest one. I order Code Fillet and one rice. The waiter was very considerate, and he brought some chili sauce to add flavor. The fish was fresh, nice cook and I liked very much. The restaurant is clean and the service is quick and efficient . I will go again definitely if I visit Standford in future.
Ok for lunch.  Definitely affordable and dishes are served in substantial portions, but the quality of food was nothing to write home about. I've also ordered delivery a couple times.  Not bad, still takes longer than I'd like, but the food is still warm and service still friendly.  There spicy foods are good, but nothing overwhelming. Everyone seems to rave about the eggplant, but I'm not a fan of the vegetable/purple people eater/squash in general so I didn't even try it.  If you're an eggplant fanatic, maybe there is some diamond in the rough dish that I will never fully appreciate.
Is okay
My bro rolled into town for a visit & he LOVES spicy food. His Hunan lamb hit the hot spot but my Jing Jing special prawns was not so spicy. I give it 3 stars because some like it hot and will actually get it that way. Also, it's sort of unique to offer lamb dishes which my bro hadn't seen before at a Chinese restaurant (and he's traveled quite a bit).
First off, if you go to Jing Jing, you better like it spicy and probably not be a vegetarian.  Their specialities are all Hunan and Szechwan dishes, and are not for those who fear the pepper.  Order off of the House Specials page. I highly recommend the Orange Peel Beef or Chicken, containing deep fried battered beef or chicken, deep fried orange zest (oh so good!), steamed broccoli and whole dried chilis, all in a tangy orange sauce that has hints of smoke and chili.  You may have had some kind of orange beef or chicken elsewhere, but not like this!  Also, for those who like authentic Hunan flavor, try the Hunan Smoked Pork, containg smoked pork, leeks, bamboo shoots, mushrooms, fresh chilis and topped with some chili oil.  It's oily, but delicious.  Their hot and sour soup is one of the best I've tried, and I use this as a benchmark dish in any Chinese restaurant I go to.  Seafood is OK there, but the spicy dishes tend to overwhelm the flavors, so stick to meat or veggies like eggplant, etc. Cons: food is a bit oily, and it can be a little slow to get your food due to how busy it typically is during peak dining hours.  Non Hunan or Szechwan dishes are just average.
I was fortunate to be introduced to Jing Jing long before I moved to the Bay Area. And ever since that first visit, I've wanted to go more and more. Everything is great here and countless guests I've taken are always impressed. Szechwan Pepper Chicken, Kung Pao Beef and Honey Walnut Shrimp are my favorites.
Food here is average for lunch specials. Spicy, but with little variation in flavor. I had the twice cooked pork and a chicken dish. The dandan noodles are great if you're in the mood for something heavy. I think I'll check back to review once I've tried the dinner menu.
Americanized Chinese food.  Too salty, sweet, and all of the above.
sadly, it is one of the better chinese restaurants in palo alto. but when your choices are limited, what are you going to do? the chinese food here is average compared to mountain view and cupertino village. the service is ok. everything is ok. just average. i miss china. 3 stars.
Yum! I ordered delivery and loved the food. My favorite was the szechuan tofu, but the asparagus chicken, green onion beef, and veggie chow mein were great too. The delivery was prompt and friendly and prices are decent. I will definitely eat there again!
Damn this place is excellent!
This is our favorite szechuan restaurant. Our favorites are the orange peel chicken/beef, dry-cooked string beans, and the fish is good (be sure to ask if the wait-staff if it is fresh). They usually have seasonal vegetables not on the menu and will make it in the style you like (if you ask).
An OK place for lunch. I just tried their lunch specials and wasn't anything that great. I think I need to come back and eat from the real menu, so I'll wait to pass final judgement till then.
Their catering food is the worst thing that has ever been served. Even starving grad students turn up their nose and go hungry when jing jing comes along.
I was drawn in by the adorable entrance. Once inside it was a pretty standard Chinese food restaurant. The food was standard Chinese food. It was a step up from Panda Express but nothing to write home about. The classic beef with broccoli was the best part. The service was attentive even though they let us in right before closing time which we greatly appreciated.
Grease-ball! Partially this is my own fault, as i might've known, having traveled extensively in China, that the cuisine tends to go heavy hand on the oil. But my friend said he'd loved their food in the past and we were aiming for "healthy" dinner, so i thought.. suspend judgment. Until now ;) Anyway, the soup was good and they do have brown rice, a real bonus, maybe they are a 2.5 star just for that. But i'm surprised at the number of positive reviews and possibly we misordered. It was such a corn starch and salty oil fest, i have to say i pretty much stuck to rice and soup. Neeless to say, in this mecca of great asian cuisines, i don't think i'll be going back.
When I hear "Szechuan" or "Hunan" in a Chinese restaurant's name, I expect some authentic stuff, like "my waiter can barely understand me" and "Chinglish (spelling errors) all over the menu" kind of  authentic. Instead the food is what you would expect from an American Chinese restaurant where food is starchy, sweet and not representative of a Chinese meal. The Braised Eggplant was full of grease and the Smoked Pork with Leek & Garlic sauteed had very dry pork with no garlic. Not a horrific dining experience but it certainly does not live up to the self-proclaimed "Best Chinese Restaurant in Town."
It's pretty good. I always agree to go here if suggested by friends...
I eat here occasionally for lunch. Service is very quick, and the place is usually quite full. I personally love spicy food and most of their dishes are very flavorful. I recommend the Dry Braised Prawns.
Pretty good stuff here, came in kinda late and got some kind of delicious won ton appetizer (not fried) and the black bean chicken. Everything was pretty good and the free tea tells me they don't suck, the place had cool decor and felt reasonable authentic.
This is my favorite Chinese restaurant in the United States. Well, my favorite non-dim-sum place, anyway. I love the spicy braised eggplant, walnut prawns, and the Szechuan Dan Dan Mein. Yummy! The portions are big, the service is fast, there's never a wait, they are GREAT with call ahead take-out orders, and I just love them.
Best sized portions for Chinese in PA.  Delivery to Stanford hospital!  All reliable, consistent, tasty, cheap, super friendly, and slightly greasy.  A go to.  Decent lunch specials too.
I super love this place. Have been going for over 15 years. Almost always get same thing: Hunan tofu, hot veggie wontons and veggie chowmein. They are very accommodating for us vegans. One cool thing: you can order on the phone and they'll process your card while you wait at your car in front of restaurant for "to go" orders. Parking is major hassle in downtown PA - so this is a plus! Have NEVER had a bad experience there. Have never had food poisoning. My guess is that Matt S. went to a different restaurant.
This place is wonderful.  Have been eating here since the mid 1990's.  I love the Dan Dan Noodles, Kung Pao Chicken, Hunan Smoked Pork, and Dried Sauted Shredded Beef.  If you like hot food, you will be in heaven here.
There Kung Pao and Garlic Eggplant is to die for. I really wanna try other items, ut I like those 2 the most. There Hot & Souyr Soup and egg rolls are great too. Try it, you will happy.
I love this place.  Best ultra-spicy hot Chinese food on the peninsula.   I loved the twice-cooked pork and the kung pao chicken, among others.  Note that I've never eaten a dish here not indicated as spicy so I can attest for their non-spicy food.
This place is a decent Chinese restaurant to eat at around the Stanford area. Their chow fun is too dry compared to other places I have eaten at. I would prefer to eat at its underrated neightbor China Delight (two doors to the right).
Nope not a fan. I came here with a friend mid week and the place was not very busy. It took forever after we were seated to have our order taken. The waiter we had just kept walking by us. The busser at one point tried to flag him down when he was no more than a foot away (still nothing). Finally when he did come we could at least order. We explained that we had a third coming but that we would start without him. When the food came it was pretty tasteless. I asked specifically for spicy peppered beef and it came pretty bland. Neither of us finished our dish. It was just sort of something we were playing with on the table while waiting for our friend. Later when our friend showed he asked to order a dish togo so he could take some home to his wife. We were way before closing so it didn't seem like a problem. The waiter said no problem and asked if we wanted the order on a separate check, and we asked if we could split it out later since we already had some stuff on our bill already. Again said sure. When it came time to pay we asked to split the bill evenly he went away with the bill and our credit cards. Later a woman came back with the cards and the bill. She told us she could only do one card ... (at this point I was thinking thats fine) ... Then she continued to say why. "We can't do three cards because I already am at 107 and then I will be at 110." I was a little confused by this and she kept repeating it.  When I asked what happens at 110, she told us that "it wont let  me [her] do it." It was as if she was saying she is only allowed a maximum number of txns a night. At this point I felt like I was being BS'd and was a little fed up. So when i asked what happened on a busy night pointing to her empty restaurant, she ignored me and said we need to put it on one card and pay each other with cash. WTF? If you ever do figure out what 110 and 107 really mean ... please let others know.
Jing Jing is one of the few Chinese restaurants around Palo Alto. The food is just decent but the owners are super accommodating and nice. I wish I can give a better rating for the food but its not something I would crave to eat on a Friday night when I want to go out somewhere. I wouldn't try to get "authentic" Chinese dishes here but you could get some of the regular sweet n sour pork and walnut prawns with a side of stir fry bok choy.
Mediocre run-of-the-mill Chinese food with higher-the-average prices.  There isn't really anything inherently BAD about this place, I just think you could do better in downtown PA.
I've had kung pao chicken here which was pretty good, and the chow mein was ok.  I would probably come back once in a while when I'm lazy to drive far for chinese food.  The food is not very authentic chinese food, but it's a lot better than the other Hunan places around here.
We love Jing Jing. Amazing pot stickers. The sauce is one of a kind. Love their spicy dishes - Mongolian Beef, etc.
If you want real authentic chinese food you should never come herei went to this place weeks before and we order a beef a tofu and a kungbo ckicken we left by eating half of the meal. Dish is typical American Chinese food simillar to those in malls foodcourt and very little in quantity  and quite pricy. I am missled by the word Szechuan. And I will never go.
Worst dining experience I've had in a long time.  I will not go back. I couldn't eat my lunch it was so bad. I have no idea how this place stays in business when there are so many better restaurants nearby. The 'hostess'  showing us to our table in the back of the restaurant loudly made a nasty comment directed at my legally blind friend that he was not moving fast enough to suit her.  Really rude!  Uncalled for rude! I was ready to leave at that point. We each got a lunch special at $8.50 each. Soup and tea were slapped in front of us.  Service was fast but then we were ignored. By the time a waiter noticed that I was not eating my food and came over to the table and asked if everything was OK I said it WAS NOT and explained why.  He didn't want to hear. The cashew chicken was served ON TOP of the sweet and sour pork and the mess was inedible. He said that it had probably just run together and implied that I'd stirred it around. He reluctantly offered to get me another plate but by then my friend was done with his meal and said he'd had enough so we were ready to leave. I ate about two bites.  'Glorified Panda Express' about sums it up. There were wind chimes on the front door that jangled annoyingly throughout the meal. I can think of nothing nice to say about this experience.
The only reason I'm not giving this place higher marks is due to the small portion sizes.  Otherwise, the food is pretty good.
I'll give it 3 stars. Came for lunch with a friend of mine. The second we sat down they served us hot and sour soup.  I wasnt too thrilled with the lunch combo choices.  I like to have chow mein, fried rice and a meat but you cant get fried rice or certain dishes with the special, you'd have to order a huge plate.  The food came super quick but I wasnt happy about them putting that spicy mustard in the sweet and sour sauce.  Most chinese places put them in seperate bowls.  It was good though, I'd go again, maybe for dinner.
I ate here a couple times only because friends took me here. They have an excellent selection of small plate foods but I've found this place to cook their food in too much oil. That generally upsets my stomach, however if you don't mind, then this is a great place to go.
This place is terrible.
Wow, I've been coming here for years.  Something nice about a place when you might wander off for a year or so, come back to dine, and the food still is as good as you remember.  What I like most about this place is the selection of spicy dishes they have.  Some of my favorite dishes include the kung pao chicken, pepper chicken, mongolian beef, and orange chicken.  You really can't go wrong with this place.  The service is fast, pricing is affordable (try weekday lunch specials for less than $10 w/tip), generous portions, and central location.  Not to mention, Gelato Classico is on the same block and is the perfect spot for dessert afterwards to cool off all that spicy food!
Just okay. Overpriced hot & sour soup ($5 for a small!!?!), scant vegetables in the hunan tofu. Also, if you want delivery for one, think again. Their minimum is $20.
jing jing was my chinese food destination when i went back to visit stanford. the food was good but not mind blowing good, but i think that it's the best chinese food on university avenue. prices are pretty standard compared to other restaurants on university ave. i ordered catering from this joint many many times and their delivery was always punctual.
The service is lackluster, just like the food.  You can do better and cheaper (with friendlier service) at China Delight, two doors down.
Caveat - I've only eaten their catered food and delivery (while on call). While the menu is fairly extensive and covers a decent variety of Sichuan, Hunan and Americanized Chinese dishes, I don't find the flavor to be aligned to my taste buds. Plus, it's kind of pricey for the quality that you get. But then again, they're in downtown PA.
We have been coming here for years and still recommend this place. It is a family owned restaurant and very busy around the dinner hour on the weekends. Great selection if you like spicy food but there are a lot of other choices as well including many vegetarian options. Some of our favorite vegetarian dishes include Dan Dan Mein, Won Ton in Chili Sauce, and Vegetable Delight. Non vegetarian family members like Dry Sauteed Shredded Beef, Velvet Soup, and Lemon Chicken.
The prices here are pretty cheap, even if the food is a little generic.  The main advantage of this place was that they were open the day after Christmas, even though half of Palo Alto was closed.
Yummy, but not the best hot and sour soup. The Jing Jing Shrimp Special dish is awesome, even the day after. Great steamed dumplings. One of my top five places on the Peninsula for Chinese food.
Decent lunch combination prices, excellent for power lunches, dinner-to-go. I love their eggrolls and vegetarian delight. You can use your Passport Unlimited Card here. They do deliver. Minus 1 star because its seems/feels dirtier than the other Chinese restaurants in in downtown PA (Mandarin, Windys are the closest ones) and there's always flies hovering around the door *shrugs*
Yummy. Husband and son loved the food. We had the fried wonton, plain chow mein (for the boy), original sweet and sour pork, fried rock cod, combo fried rice and braised eggplant. I thought the food was tasty. It's been really hard for us to find a place that we'd consider going back too. Fried rice and sweet and sour pork is the deal maker and we'll definitely be back.
Fairly average Chinese food, nothing to thrill the taste buds.  Super speedy delivery, it's almost as if they had a mobile, roving wok chef.  Kinda on the pricey side, delivery charge not included on bill.  I know, boring, huh?
We had takeout from here tonight - very good!
Jing jing is by far my favorite Chinese restaurant in the Bay Area.  I think I was first turned on to this place my first or second year in grad school by my bf and we still go about bimonthly to this day.  I tend to get the same thing -- broccoli in spicy garlic sauce and I've never been disappointed.  Lately we've added Vege Won Tons as an appetizer.  The wait staff is always pleasant and attentive.  And the tea is delicious.  I'd give this place 5 stars if I tried more of their menu, but as I am not a big meat eater, that is difficult to do.
We keep going back because it's most like the restaurants in Chinatown: busy, bustling, families, Chinese and non-Chinese diners, steaming hot food. Here you are obligated to contribute to the noise so by all means bring your kids. You are also expected to leave an abundance of rice and noodles on the floor when you're done. We have done this many times. It's also great for take-out.
I went here hoping for that the type of numbing spiciness only Szechwan dishes can offer but they had no such thing here.  I asked the waiter for a delicious, super spicy dish and he recommended the Hunan Chicken.  I was excited, but it turned out to be General Tsao's Chicken and not spicy at all to me.  If you are looking for good General Tsao's Chicken, then you'll like it here.  I also had the Kung Pao chicken (average) and twice cooked pork (slightly above average) as part of their lunch special.  The lunch special also came with Hot and Sour soup, which was my favorite part of the meal.
The food is... okay I guess, going here as a high school student I always got the cheapest thing I could, and I wouldn't say I was ever impressed. Like every other place downtown it's overpriced and mediocre. This is probably fine if you're one of the many rich people in Palo Alto, but if you're looking for cheap chinese food, you're out of luck. I think rice is a dollar, but they obviously don't like it when you come in here and order as little as possible. It is worth it to see Jing Jing two thumbs though so check that out if you can.
Far from being the best Chinese food in the area; the preparations weren't very authentic, and were indeed greasy.
Ok, I have gone to Jing Jing at least 20 times, so I think that qualifies me to write a review. If you like spicy, and I do then Jing Jing's is not bad. Jing Jing is a good lunch spot for downtown PA. It is inexpensive and offers a variety for lunch specials, try the tofu and vegetarian plate. However, the service is a little below par for downtown PA. Order to go, for cheap Chinese food in the downtown area.
This place is pretty A-OK as far as Chinese restaurants go. Given its location, it is VERY fairly priced (7.95 for two small dishes, rice, soup, tea) in Downtown. The quality of the food was good enough given how cheap the price is. I would definitely go there again..
Pretty good Chinese food, decent price. We ordered asparagus chicken and Szechwan tofu. Both quite flavorful, and with rice, the portions were large enough to take some home. Like Brett N., though, we were annoyed with the waiter who kept coming over every few minutes to ask if we were ready to order.
Tasty Chinese food off University.  Order the Dan Dan noodles, the spicy broccoli, and the black pepper chicken!
I really like this place. The woman at the front desk is really sweet and friendly. I ordered take out around 9:10 on a Sunday and was told 15mins, i got there around 9:17 (it closes at 9:30) and my order was ready. Reasonable prices and really great if you dine the with friends during the day. Their Szechuan peanut sauce noodle tray is delicious! Really great and recommended to all :D
worst delivery ever.... food is always way too salty... and greasy ...
Great for delivery, not so great food quality. Drowning in sauce, mountains of unnecessary water chestnuts, a little "white-washed," small portions. I try to avoid this place unless I am too much of a lazy bum to get off my behind.
I have been a regular of Jing Jing's for over 8 years now and it's my favorite chinese place in the Bay Area.  It's not hardcore 'pick your fish out of a tank' Chinese food but it's not totally Americanized out either.  They've hit a sweet spot somewhere in the middle that really does it for me and several of my friends as well. Service is fast, friendly and efficient. Favorites include.... beef with mixed vegetables kung pao chicken sizzling rice soup
The Kung Pao chicken is the best anywhere (be sure to order it extra spicy, but avoid eating the chili peppers).  Also very tasty are the pot stickers, beef with string beans, and egg drop soup.  The atmosphere is decent and very clean, but it could be nicer with less harsh lighting.  The service is excellent -- most of the waiters and staff have been there for years.
One of my favorite places to eat for over 12 years! Excellent orange peel chicken, egg rolls, and lots of other food!
YAY we finally found a Chinese place that 1) delivers 2) we both liked and 3) was reasonably priced. So I'm happy. We ordered the The Kung Pao chicken, dry sauteed string beans, pork fried rice, Shanghai Chow Mein , and orange peel beef.  Yes, a lot of food. We were starving! The kung pao was YUMMY and so were the sting beans. I wouldn't order the chow mein again. We called in the order and picked it up. I would definitely go here again. And all that food for like $40, you can't beat that!
We are long time Jing Jing customers.  I was surprised to see some reviews saying that this wasn't a good restaurant for vegetarians.  They have some simply delicious vegetarian entrees.  Our favorites are hunan tofu, kung pao tofu, asparagus in spicy garlic sauce, and dan-dan noodles (we don't get the szcheuan tofu because we prefer our tofu fried/chewy).  They have a couple of very good and unusual veggie appetizers, in particular, boiled wonton and bom-bom bean sprout rolls (served cold with a peanut butter sauce).  One unusual dish is the kung pao cabbage (it's good, certainly better than it sounds, although if I was going to choose just one kung pao dish, I'd go for the tofu).  Just about all these dishes are spicy, although you should be able to get most of them non-spicy if you ask.
Love the quick and friendly service.  I usually get take out from here, and the lady is super nice - often gives me extra food.
Love their Fried Rice (vegetable and shrimp) and red chilli sauce. Would recommend to anyone.
A great take-out location for chinese in Palo Alto. I don't sit in much, but haven't had any problems when we did. Honey Walnut Prawns are my favorite, they're a bit sweet but not overly so. Chow meins are very tasty and not too greasy. Soups are great, too, hot and sour and the veggie tofu soup are delicious. Overall a place that I find myself addicted to! Overall, they're very nice; the lady there once gave me the wrong takeout, and when I came back she gave me the right one and told me to keep both. New dishes to try out, sweet!
Love it. The Honey Walnut Prawns rule.
I used to order take-out a lot over the summer when the office gets superbusy and I just don't have the time to step out and pick up lunch/dinner.  For the most part, I've liked what I've ordered: the lunch plates, especially the hunan tofu and the beef and broccoli. Their shanghai noodles aren't bad but a little too greasy for my liking.  Their pork noodles with bean sauce can probably use some spicy chili oil - I think that would be perfect for that dish!  I love their wontons! So, food isn't bad but why only 2 stars? Well, they would've gotten at least three if it wasn't for the absurd rudeness the hostess/owner extended to me!  After my lunch with a coworker, I was trying to pack up my leftover noodles and I guess she saw me doing it very slowly after she dropped off the box for me.  She hastened over and announced "You're too slow! Give me it, I do it for you!" in that  choppy Chinese accent ladened Engrish and just dumps the whole thing into my box and quickly closes it up.  My coworker and I was appalled at her attitude and MIND YOU, I didn't see a line of people waiting for seats!!!!!!!  So what in the hell was the friggin rush for hunnie?!?! This isn't Hong Kong, this is downtown Palo Alto beeezy! Calm down!
We got a pretty bad case of food poisoning here and won't go again. Me and my girlfriend wandered in here on a Sunday night, since Darbar was all out of seats and we were hungry.  The service was not bad, as we got our dishes fairly quickly. The dishes were not by far "authentic," very salty, oily, and so on -- more or less what you'd expect from "Americanized" Chinese food. Some hours later, both of us were incredibly sick, and it was the first food poisoning for both of us in our adult lives. FYI the dishes we ordered were a Chow Mein and Cashew Chicken. We suspect it was the chicken as it was presented oddly (nuts on the side) and didn't taste particularly fresh.  Not going to this one again.
Go here if you want something fast with decent portion sizes.  Not the most authentic of Chinese food, though the eggplant is pretty good. Stuff like the dan-dan noodles, twice cooked pork, really aren't what you'd normally expect.
We've been coming here weekly for almost 10 years, and in that time have brought many guests from in town and out of town. Sure, part of the charm is us, but everyone loves it. Great people, great food (any amount of spicy you like) and good prices.
Good food and service.  Try the Dry Sauteed Shredded Beef. Yum.
My wife is from mainland China, where we keep a second home, and have spent years traveling and sampling cuisine all across Asia. So we review this restaurant against its apparent aspiration to be authentic Szechwan & Hunan, something our taste buds know plenty about. Quick Review: hit & miss menu with some fairly good, somewhat authentic dishes, and others disappointingly not authentic. Food is sometimes overly sweet, often good but rarely great, served quickly in somewhat elegant atmosphere (faux linen tablecloths and napkins) in a nice location (downtown Palo Alto. but parking can be challenging). Dinner entrees are priced from about $9 to $12, with your basic veggie side dishes for $6 or $7. Go here if you're non-Chinese, tired of eating Americanized Chinese food, and seek something a bit more authentic but you're not ready for (or won't recognize, or appreciate) really authentic Chinese cuisine. Detailed review: On the plus side, we found the (honey glazed) Walnut Prawn entree to be quite good, and surprisingly authentic (only relative to that served in upscale "expense account" restaurants in China's major cities). Next we tried a black bean sauced prawn entree, which only had the prawns in common with what they titled it in the menu, "Szechwan Pepper Prawn." We found it good, but it was only authentic to a Chinese entree we know to have a completely different name! A very inconsistent menu was further revealed when their "Dan Dan Mein" arrived as merely noodles oddly smothered with overly sweetened Thai peanut sauce. Result: like a bad accident at a Thai restaurant,  so inauthentic from real Chinese cuisine to be hardly recognizable from its incredibly tasty authentic, very spicy namesake which should contain noodles (they got that part right!), sesame sauce (which may have a hint of ground peanuts), characteristically seasoned with Szechuan peppercorns called "huajiao" (flower pepper), spicy oil, topped with shredded pork, and often served with cold sliced cucumbers. (Yes, there is a version served sometimes in Taiwan that emphasizes a peanut sauce mixed with noodles but even that is quite different from Jing Jing's version.) However we were pleased that all our entrees arrived within five minutes of our order, impressive for a Friday evening with a full restaurant; otherwise, the service IS authentic mainland Chinese restaurant service (emotionless, inattentive, unconcerned with customer's needs).
Love this place! Awesome food, always find a table here. Their lunch specials are nice, little greasy though.
LOVE this place! I recommend the following...Glazed walnut prawns, spicy garlic eggplant, chowmein, Jasmine tea..YUM
Great for catering! ALWAYS ON TIME, never forget anything (utensils, plates, etc). They give discounts and bring it right to your door! Thank you!!!
Anyone who doesn't like Jing Jing ought to try the Hunan smoked pork and the Hunan lamb. If that doesn't convince you that this place is special, I don't know what will. I've been eating at Jing Jing since the 1980s when I worked on Lytton Ave. and lived on University. The menu hasn't changed one bit. Same food. Same good quality. And be prepared to sweat it out, because this place spices it up a few notches. The restaurant doesn't look like much on the inside. The decor and ambiance is a notch above cafeteria style. But the same family has been running the restaurant for decades and you have to give them major points for not trying to be a froo froo Palo Alto restaurant for the snooty Palo Alto elite. Places have come and gone all around Jing Jing over the past 25 years. Remember the old Stanford Pub? But Jing Jing lives on because the food is consistently great. Every time I'm in Palo Alto, I'm eating there. And if I can't convince my friends to go there, I'm stopping for take out on the way home. I'd also recommend the Kung Pao chicken and the Dan Dan Mein noodles. But the smoked pork rocks the house. While I stick with the spicy stuff, my wife wanted me to give a shout out to the lemon chicken, which she loves.
Three words: Kung Pao Chicken! That dish alone deserves all 5 stars because I have tried many other Chinese restaurants up and down the Bay Area and not a single one comes close to Jing Jing's Kung Pao Chicken.  You cannot go to this place without ordering it!
A great place to go for lunch since the food comes out fast and is inexpensive. It does resemble fast food, since the food is generally a bit greasy, but is seasoned well as long as you eat it with plenty of rice. I always get the two item combo deal picking from the spicy items. The free hot and sour soup is good also. I also don't sense a lot of MSG. If you like spicy and don't mind the grease, I highly recommend this place.
I've been here for lunch a couple of times and ordered from the set lunch menu. I love the spiciness of the food here...its hot! For about $8 you get rice, 2 items and soup. The food is consistenly good. It gets busy during lunch time and parking is tough as it always is in downtown PA.
3.5 stars.  good food for downtown PA.  I like their hot and sour soup, noodle dishes, fried rice, walnut prawns.  They deliver!  i jsut eat here too often because they're one of the few places that delivers chinese food so i think i kinda over it.  otherwise, good service in the restaurant, clean, polite.
I've had takeout from Jing Jing twice and both times, the food was delicious. I can't await to go to the restaurant and dine in sometime.
My favorite Chinese on the Peninsula.  Menu is tasty and very spicy.  The staff is attentive.  The price is very affordable for the quality and quantity.  Decor is uninspired but the restaurant is very clean.  Lots of seating helps reduce wait times.
Still amazing.  I just love the kung pao chicken and the szechuan pepper chicken.  Also, the hot and sour soup is perfect.
I love this restaurant!  I've been a fan of this spicy Chinese food for over 15 years.  I could eat... Read more 
I usually judge a Chinese restaurant by its hot n' sour soup and this place rocks.  I used to work by University Avenue and have eaten at most of the eateries nearby.  Jing Jing is consistently the best Chinese restaurant in the area.  You have to know how to order spicy foods - they go on a scale of 1-5 with 5 being the spiciest.  Of course the food is bland if you order a no. 1!  Dan Dan noodles are my favorite, and other goodies include beef and asparagus, beef with green onion, and Szechuan chicken on the special lunch menu is also excellent.  Haru (hostess) has always been pleasant and even given us extra freebies to try.  Quick service.  If I'm in the area, I always go to Jing Jing.
Great food! Great employees! Almost gave it five stars. I've been going there for years and miss their kung pao chicken, twice cooked pork, and beef chow fun the most if I don't go for a while.
My second-favorite Chinese place in the area (Chef Chu's is my favorite).  I love the spicy and peppery sauces.  Service is quick and efficient.  A great value!
Standard Americanized Chinese food.  Not good, not bad.  Can't really knock them because they don't really try to cater to Chinese people as most patrons ~lunchtime are businesspeople from downtown PA.  The food is heavy in sauce and a bit on the salty side.  My coworkers love this place though.  They rave about the hot sauce...but if you have to add hot sauce to a dish it probably wasn't very good to begin with...
Love the food here. My family and I have been eating here for over 15 years. One of my favorite things they do is once you place order on phone, you can drive up, call them and they'll take your credit card (either over phone or right there) without ever having to park car. It's a new take on the "drive through" experience. The vegetarian wontons and Hunan tofu are my 2 favorite dishes.
This place has the best kung pao chicken!! I would definitely recommend Jing Jing and this dish!
Good typical Chinese food.  If I am in the area and in the mood for Chinese I go there for lunch.  Their lunch menu is delicious and well priced.  Dinner is the same food but in my opinion not worth the price.  Decor is typical .
love this place!  really great food and fun atmosphere -- great place to go with a group.  very reasonably priced as well.  and gelato classico is only two doors down for the perfect end to the meal!
worst place !!!!!!!!!! worst service !! atrocious rude manager!! the behavior is so not worth the wait for chinese food!! i have had chinese food all over and this is the worst service ever!!! unbelievably rude and horrible service. you are not on sale. don't get food here!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
