I know I'm eating at a legit Cantonese Chinese restaurant when the employees talk Chinese to me.  Another sign is almost all of the customers are Chinese and speak Chinese.  I expect legitimate Cantonese cuisine. We ordered Mongolian Beef and Hong Kong Style Chow Mein.  Both dishes tasted good.  Customers receive complementary house soup and porridge dessert. Prices are good.  Service is good.  I like the simple black color interiors.  It's a clean restaurant.  The servers understand English.  Anyone who wants to avoid Americanized Chinese food can eat here with comfort. I'm coming back.
Despite the drab awning outside, the decor inside is quite nice. Unfortunately, the food here is pretty mediocre HK food, but they have a very comprehensive set of dishes, and the food is extremely cheap compared to places like Joy Luck Place or Taipan. Alot of dishes available aren't listed on the menu, so bring your Canto friends to translate :) I tried several things and some I might get again, like the Ong Choy (Tong Sum Choy) make sure you have them add shrimp paste and garlic, and the Special Fried Rice with dried scallops and egg whites. Some dishes reminded me of Panda Express (2 Mushroom Chicken). If you're in the area, I would recommend a different style of cuisine because HK food is not a specialty. If you're looking for Chinese, don't be lazy and drive to Cupertino!
After seeing this pop on on Yelp; we finally ventured here last night. The food and flavor is solid. Definitely a good Chinese restaurant. 5 stars for the amount and price; they're very generous with portions and pricing is great! 5 stars for the quick service and turnaround. 1 star for the HUGE amounts of MSG they throw in there. Its past 12 hours and I'm still battling my raging MSG headache. 1 star for the water glasses that need a good scrubbing.... Garlic sauteed chinese watercress - yummy for the most part but they used really really tough stems and didn't really pick through it. Fish and tofu in claypot - YUMM!!! Flavors were great, tofu was tendor. Needed to really cut back on the MSG. Beef Chow Fun - beef was fantastically tender and the portions were SUPER generous. Okay... I guess the issue could be remedied next time I go in and request no MSG on everything...
**3.5 Stars** Hong Kong Restaurant is an old standby in the area.  They were open for the longest time next to the San Antonio Motel, which, albeit a strange location and a bit hard to find unless you knew it was there, had a large parking lot. The menu is strictly no thrills Cantonese food and the chef specials are among the items that they tend to do well.  It's no Hong Kong Saigon (Sunnyvale), Cooking Papa (Foster City), or Jade Cathay (San Jose), but for the area, it's among the better Chinese options. The recent move to the nearby Palo Alto location is overall a win.  The space is much larger, they've upgraded their tables (with slightly funky chairs), and there are more servers to attend to the larger space.  The location is right on El Camino Real and given their large window to the street, it's easy for curious locals to see all the people in the new place and decide that they might want to try the food.  Again, an improvement over the hidden space of the Mountain View location. The one negative is that parking is a bit of a challenge.  There is no back parking lot although there is a small parking lot on both sides, each parking about four to five cars.  You can find street parking, but it can definitely be a challenge in the area.  I'd count maybe 10 or so street parking spots on a good day. The menu is the same as before though they seem to offer a few more choices for seafood.  We decided to sample a variety of staples and were happy with what we got: Soup of the Day - if you don't order a soup, a complimentary soup of the day (typically pork bone soup) will be served to you.  It's more than a bowl too....usually a large serving good for a few cups per person.  Good flavor and nice to start the meal. Clams with Black Bean Sauce - decent wok heat and nice plump clams.  The peppers and onions mixed well with the black bean sauce. Vegetable of the Day (Ong Choy) mixed with fermented paste - large vegetables cut a bit crudely but nicely stir fried with the paste.  The first batch came without so we had to ask them to restir fry with the requested fermented paste. Pan fried Minced salted fish and ground pork - tasty, but should have ordered steamed.   Ground pork is fairly fatty. Soy Sauce Chicken - a speciality here with good flavor and very smooth chicken meat, especially the dark meat pieces. Overall, we had a solid meal at Hong Kong Restaurant and were happy with its new space.  The competition nearby is fairly average so it's a nice addition slightly further north than it's old location. Hong Kong Restaurant accepts credit cards, including American Express!
Try the soy sauce chicken, they are the absolute best in the bay area. For the price, you get pretty decent Cantonese food. My go to restaurant.
My Chinese family and I had an unpleasant experience in this restaurant and will not return. SERVICE: 1 star The service here is really bad. First, we are a Chinese family so we don't expect American style service. We don't need a waiter to ask us how are meal is. But here are the three strikes that made our experience here less than stellar: Strike 1) They didn't give us bowls for the rice. We were fine with re-using our soup bowls for the rice, but as soon as we were done with the soup a random waiter snatched up our bowls. Do they expect us to eat rice off of a plate with chopsticks? You shouldn't have to ask for a bowl for your rice in a Chinese restaurant. Strike 2) No condiments on the table. All I needed was a bit of hot sauce. My Dad had to ask 3 separate waiters, in Cantonese, before we finally got some chili-garlic sauce. This stuff should already be on the table. Strike 3 (worst moment): We were not done with our dish of black-bean clams and a waiter took it from us without asking. She literally just swooped in, not saying a word, and took the plate from us. We later called her over and asked her where our dish was. She was extremely rude to us and said, "No meat left. I saw, no meat." If the manager of this restaurant is reading this review, I'm talking about the older lady with the red hair-dye in her black hair. It is up to the CUSTOMER to decide when he/she is done with the plate. Waiters need to ask if they are going to take a plate away, and not assume that we are done. Honestly, it doesn't matter if there was meat left in the clams or not; it is not the waiter's decision to make and we found both her action and her response extremely rude. FOOD: 3 stars The food was decent and for the price I can't complain. Two of our plates were especially delicious: the black-bean clam and the scallops & snowpeas. The calamari with onion was bland, and the sweet & sour pork had that typical Americanized red coloring that is not present in legit sweet & sour pork. They served a lotus soup and a taro dessert with the combo, which were tasty. Overall the food was alright but as VickyL mentioned, there was a ton of MSG. SETTING: 4 stars The chairs are really nice, things are clean, and the restaurant has a nice ambience. OVERALL: 2 stars If the manager has time to respond, please inform your staff that it is extremely rude to take a customer's dish which still has food on it without asking. In addition, her response to our inquiry about where the dish was should have been apologetic: "Oh, I'm so sorry! We'll get you another one right away", rather than telling us that there was no meat left in the clams. I will never visit this restaurant again and in the absence of a response from the manager I cannot recommend this establishment. Daniel
This space has been occupied by Thai City for as long as I can remember. I guess they finally went under and Hong Kong Restaurant formerly in MV has taken over. The old space next to the motel was kinda sketchy looking and for the longest time I avoided it. Then someone recommended it, I tried it and it was quite good. A harbor of old school Cantoese, they have an extensive menu but written in the font of 70's Chinese menus. Dont let that throwback adversity to change fool you. The food is solid. Met with a few friends a week after they opened. Got: -Chinese Style Beef Filet -Roast Duck -Ginger and Green Onion Chicken -Seafood and Salty Yolk Pancake -Fried tofu with Braised Greens -Salt and Pepper Squid The server looks at me and says "You don't order like an American". Im like, "but I am American, so don't I ALWAYS order like an American?" Im guessing he meant like "most Americans" I think because he saw that I understood the cuisine, they brought us some old school long simmered soup: lo foh tong (). They also gave us some tapioca taro dessert at the end. I guess it pays to know your food! Because we were a mixed bunch I think the server was a bit wary of us but after he saw what we ordered and the amount we ordered he warmed up to us and was quite friendly by the end. The new space is huge, it's got new furniture, and is no longer connected to a motel where dudes take their girls to beat them up a little. Glad to see a solid Cantonese joint upgrade their digs.
I have been going to this restaurant for several years at their old location; they moved to their current location this year.  I finally have decided to write a review for this authentic Chinese restaurant.  The food is authentic Cantonese style recipes.  My favorites is their soy sauce chicken which is very tender and juicy with a great  sauce;  this is one of their house specials.  Another favorite is their seafood eggplant clay pot which is really tasty and favorable; this is coming from a person who is not a great eggplant fan.  The food is just as good in their new location and the prices have stayed the same!  This has remained my favorite Cantonese restaurant in the area.
Thanks to Yelp, I've learned that Hong Kong Restaurant attached to the San Antonion Inn moved up the street into Palo Alto. Came by for lunch at the new location and parking was a challenge. There are ~10 spaces around the building and street parking for the rest. The new restaurant has high ceilings, 15 feet, along with new furniture and seating for ~100+ The waitstaff is now more plentiful and the crew is totally different... Started off with the Beef Chow Fun w/ Black Bean Sauce and the $6 dish tasted just like it did down the street. A tad oily but well cooked. Moved on to the Salted Fish Chicken Fried Rice and the dish had plenty of salted fish for $6.5. The portions were huge too! The Roasted Duck over rice lunch special at $6 was pretty big. There was probably 1/3 of a duck along with a huge bed of rice enough for lunch and dinner! ...we also got a complimentary corn and egg soup along with a red bean sago dessert. Service was good if you speak the language. Apparently the owner leased a new place. ...can anyone tell me if they changed ownership and just kept the chef?
it seems to be a bit more expensive  considering the quality of the food here. It just move here from couple of blocks away (near a hotel on El Camino Real) and they seems tone forgot packing "quality" with them when they move. Major disappointment for me.
For Palo Alto, this is one of those best bang for your buck type places. Very authentic Cantonese cuisine. They always start you off with the soup of the day (I'm not talking about Hot & Sour Soup or Egg Drop Soup but authentic soup like Pork Bone soup with herbs). Then you order whatever - I've tried their steamed fish ( I thought it was oversteamed that day), the Soya Chicken is amazing, Oxtail Claypot, Taro & Chinese Sausage Fried Rice, Diced Chicken & Salted Fish Fried Rice, Melon with Dried Shrimp, etc. For lunch/dinner, you even get dessert - usually a red bean soup or hot taro tapioca pearl soup.
We are glad to see Hong Kong at this new location.  The former place by the motel was crowded.  The new location has much more space, a modern look, and could host a small banquet if you wish.  They have not changed their menu since moving to the new location, so you can still get your favorites. Hong Kong is nothing fancy, but we like it for the variety.  They have both a regular ala cart menu and the family dinners.  Note that with this location on El Camino Real, the parking lot is small, so you may need to take street parking if you come at a busy time.
Good Chinese restaurant with typical menu and dishes.
Been here several times now and couldn't be more satisfied. Have tried the following dishes: - Chicken Salad - Prawns with Snow Peas (actually sugar snap peas which are even better) - Beef with Tender Greens (beef is very tender) - Salt and Pepper Fish (perfectly light and crispy) - Shrimp with Tofu (huge serving size) Consistently good. Service is great. With every visit it's gotten more and more crowded. I wouldn't be surprised if there's a line the next time I visit. Well worth a visit.
glad they have moved, but yes parking is a problem.  got an oyster clay pot, fried tofu, veggie of the day.  good, esp. for the area, glad to see they are still doing well.
I have been a regular customer of Hong Kong Restaurant for over 5 years. I gave it 4 stars in 2010.  At that time I identified it as the place I go to for comfort food.  (see Yelp listing for "Hong Kong Restaurant Chinese Food").  I updated my review in 2011 by complaining about the excess oil but kept the 4 stars.  Now it has moved to a new location up El Camino Real.   I've been to the new location several times and I am sorry to lower my rating by 3 stars because of the remarkably poor service.  It doesn't get worse than this.  The people there are rude, inconsiderate, crabby, and impolite beginning with the owner(s) and including the wait staff. My first visit to the new location was just before the lunchtime rush; the place had only one other customer and the waiters were just standing around.  When I asked the boss lady about the move, she turned and walked away, answering me tersely from 8 feet away with her back towards me saying they wanted a bigger place.   That's how she treats a loyal long time customer.  On my second visit to the new location, I brought my Mom who was visiting from out of town.  Again we went early to avoid the lunch crowd because the parking is much more limited.  She asked the waitress about the "chow fun" she was considering whether it could be made with little or no curry.  The waitress looked at her and said, "if you want it that way, you might as well cook it yourself at home," then dropped the  order ticket on the table and walked away.  I don't want to belabor the point.  This type of behavior is now standard over the past year.  I thought with the new location, they would be more enthusiastic and service oriented.  No, the staff there is getting worse and worse and now I've had it. Honestly, I still think the food there is good; in fact, with my persistent complaining, the food is actually less oily and greasy than in the past.  The lack of parking is a tolerable irritation for good food.  However, no matter how good the food is, it's not worth being talked down to and mistreated to the point of ruining the overall dining experience.  We are blessed by residing in a area where there is a tremendous variety of great food.  From now on I will just go a little farther for my comfort food.
Hong Kong Restaurant is the 'new kid on the block in Palo Alto'; albeit they have been around forever on the corner of El Camino & San Antonio.  When they moved, I had a twinge of concern that this great secret amongst mainly the Chinese community would now become overcrowded and busy.  However, in just less than two months, they have done a fantastic job of keeping the food terrific, the prices on an even keel (talk about great value), and the service prompt and organized.  Better parking? Maybe, but street parking is plentiful on both sides and along the side streets as well. Some hints on sure bets from an American Chinese who has tasted Cantonese cuisine up and down the West and East coasts, in Asia Pacific, and urban Europe which boasts a number of Chinese restaurants in every major city.  Ask them about house favorites; and any special seafood available (seafood hotpot is really good here).  And from start to finish; sizzling soup; steamed tofu with seafood; soy sauce chicken, salt & pepper fish, anything with garlic sauce (lobster, crab, stirfry mixed vegetables).  The pea shoots are a must when in season. They are generous with their portions, their complimentary dessert, and can I say good value again. And consistent standards.  If you like smoked duck, definately order in advance on the same day.  Hong Kong Restaurant is set up to have small gatherings of several tables, and I think this is no longer going to be one of the best kept secrets in our part of Silicon Valley. Bon appetite!
good food, good price, and food comes out fast, but very POOR SERVICE. i'm not sure if they didn't like us just because we were college students but they were pretty rude and ignored our table quite a bit.
