A hole in the wall....most literally. Pork potstickers. Take it to-go. Simple. Off. The. Hook. Forget going to China; just go to Cho's! 3 for $2.25 or 6 for $4.50.
If you're looking for service with a smile, this ain't it!, unless you happen to stumble upon Mr. Cho's wife or son. Mr. & Mrs. Cho have been homecookin dim sum since time immemorial. I've gone there since the 90s. Best Dim Sum in town!
A truly authentic mom n pop dim sum establishment. Mr. Cho isn't the most pleasant of personalities,... Read more 
3 star taste 5 star price 3 star service Taste: I got the number 5 value meal: 3 shrimp dumplings, 2 small bbq pork buns, 1 egg roll. Everything was hot and very fresh. Shrimp dumplings didn't have a lot of taste, were small, and a little slimy, but I liked them anyway. BBQ pork buns felt like they were just a little more pork and taste away from being awesome. Bun was light and fluffy, pork was tasty, there was just too little of the BBQ and pork taste and it was dominated by the taste of the dough. Lightly fried egg roll was tasty. After that I was intrigued by the Shangai pork balls. These were easily the best item I had. Hot and steamy with a lot of pork. If I went back I would get the number 1 instead of 5. Price: Cheap Cheap Cheap! Value meals are all $4.50 or $4.75. Nothing on their menu is over $5. If you are really hungry you might have to get several different items as nothing is very substantial. Service: This is a cool, little, somewhat hole-in-the-wall place. Just a mom and pop working behind the counter frying and steaming the dishes. According to the man behind the counter, everything takes 5-10 minutes. Only three tables in the place, but they will package it to go for you. Seems like it should be faster for how little food you get.
Just cause it's hole in the wall, just cause it feels like you stepped off the streets of Beijing again, doesn't mean it's legit. The dumplings were not boiled right and many tasted dry / almost plasticky (I got 12 pork, 6 shrimp, and 12 Shanghai pork balls). Once upon a time a friend decided to buy a bunch of frozen dumplings for his college dorm, but he had no pot. So he put them on top of a piece of lettuce and into a steamer, which then 'cooked' the dumplings. When they came out the skin was soft and cooked in other places but in others, it was like any water that had been there was just sapped out and the skin was unbearable. That's what these dumplings tasted like. Luckily the texture of the meat inside was better, but still not acceptable. Price: Costs more than better restaurants (ok I'm comparing to SF though). 12 dumplings depending on the style is $7. Kingdom of Dumpling in SF and Shanghai Dumpling King are $5-6 per dozen. Also the printed menu seemed to be missing many many typical dim sum dishes... I didn't take off any stars for the atmosphere. I thought it was pretty cool actually. Unfortuately doesn't excuse the food.
Definitely not a date restaurant, but the pork potstickers and the pork buns are pretty delicious. Cho is a local fixture. He has had his shop for as long as some of my Palo Alto-native friends have been alive. It's extremely cheap, but not always fast. Cho does all of the cooking, along with his wife, on a tiny stove in a closet-sized room. If you like pot stickers, then Cho's is worth a try.
Don't mess around with other items on the menu.  Pork potstickers.  Das it!! Best I've ever had.
For what I got, maybe 1 star, but trying to go through other reviews, maybe I need to try some other items on the limited menu. I got the value 2, 2 shrimp dumplings, 2 pork balls and an eggroll. Also got a small hot and sour soup on the side, all for $6.50. The shrimp dumplings were... ok, a little on the mushy side. The pork dumpling balls- they were ok, straight pork, nothing else, I can't say it was flavorful,  I had to dunk it in hot sauce and soy sauce to give it some life. Eggroll- nice and crispy on the outside, but sure empty on the inside. It was a veggie eggroll, just cabbage and carrots, really that's it. Hot and sour soup- was a little on the salty side, vinegar taste was light- not so great. I came in, ordered it to go, came back to pick it up in a root beer cut up box with my food inside, interesting. CASH only of course. Will I be back? Only if someone wants to try something else, I'll probably try their potstickers and buns, next time.
Grease is dripping from the walls, but this little shop has some of the best BBQ Pork Buns I've found outside of SF.  The bao exterior is warm and moist and it seals in the flavorful goodness for your eating excitement. Your food is made to order by the expert master bao maker who has devoted his life to perfecting the pork bun.  (No wonder it's so good.)  You won't receive great service and you shouldn't expect it.  That's not what this place is about. IT'S ABOUT FOOD!!! I've tried a variety of the other items, but I'm not into them.   Aside from the pork buns, everything else has WAY to much grease and not a lot of flavor.  So if YOU want to be happy,  stick with the pork buns and order many of them.  Note that they also have uncooked frozen buns so you can enjoy Cho in your own home!
The owner/chef may be a bit grumpy, but he makes the best pot stickers I've ever had.
Do you like pot-stickers and pork buns? If so, this is your mecca. I've been a believer for more... Read more 
This place just confuses me.  I went in on a Saturday morning (right before noon), looking for some dim sum.  I ask the guy whether he has ha gao.  He says, not yet.  Then I ask him whether he has siu mai.  He says, not yet.  Then I ask for cha siu bao.  Again, not yet.  So I asked what he did have.  he informed me that they had gaor tiya, or potstickers for you  non-Canto's out there.  So I said ok.  They were the greasiest things I have ever seen.  The 1/2 of one I ate tasted ok, however.  It would have been nice, however, if they actually had anything else available.
I have gone out on a limb and given this total hole-in-the-wall hand-written-menu dumpling eatery a 5 star rating. Why you might ask? Because it has character. Mr. Cho, which we will assume is his name, is an 80 something year old grumpy Cantonese dude who does not speak any English and who spends all-day every-day in his little shop by himself preparing dumplings and then selling them at dirt cheap prices to poor students. Do not expect him to look up at you or greet you or understand anything that you are saying. He has long ago put aside such inconsequential social formalities and transcended to the highest levels of dumpling cookery. Mr. Cho is neither concerned by the quality of the dumplings nor the profits derived therein, but rather, by the act of dumpling preparation itself. Respect.
I recently took a job in the Cal Ave area and one of the reasons that I'm glad to return is Cho's Dim Sum. It's a little hole in the wall - literally. I started coming here about 20 years ago when a buddy of mine worked at Kinko's on the same block. It was an "experience" then and still is. The only difference is that Mr Cho is a little older - and just as grumpy. You can buy a la carte selections of pot stickers, pork buns and egg rolls. Or, you can buy pre-set combos of the same. Step up to the counter and be ready to order. "What you want?" I usually get a #6 which includes 3 potstickers, 2 pork buns and an egg roll for $4.75. It takes less than 5 minutes. You can take it to go or sit at one of the 4 or 5 tables in an attached room. If you're sensitive to the decor, this is not your place. It's cluttered and the old furniture does not match. "Can I have some vinegar with that?" Mr Cho replies, "no vinegar - hot sauce!" as though it's a suitable substitute. Oh, well at least there is some soy sauce - usually. Bon Apetite!
I didn't know a Ma and pa hole in the wall existed in Palo alto. The only reason this place received a star is because the 2 year old twins ate their food. The steamed shanghai dumplings were dry without much taste. The eggrolls were oily without much veggies. The BBq pork buns were ok---nothing special except the dough was probably handmade. I ordered meal 3 & 4 combos for our party and the adults couldn't finish another bite because it had no taste and dry. 0 service. Just so you know my standards for dim sum---I've had dim sum in hong kong, Vancouver, and southern Cal. The only reason I tried Cho's was because of yelp review. If you've had 99 ranch dim sum, then this place rates 2 stars lower than ranch market. I would rate the following places 4 stars for dim sum: mayflower(milpitas), ming's (Palo alto), Peony(Oakland) , koi palace (south SF), Asian pearl( Fremont).
Cho's has been around for the better part of thirty years. It deserves more credit for its survival than it does for its taste. If this place wasn't nostalgic, I wouldn't give it more than two/three stars. Anyhow, If you enjoy pork buns and pot-stickers (similar to the ones that can be purchased at Costco), Cho's is where its at.
This place is pretty cool because it has the complete whole in the wall experience that you sometimes crave:  Its cheap, has a Plastic-Lawn Chair Motif, and the guy behind the counter is kinda quiet and grumpy. Yes the pot stickers are pretty good.   Its pretty convenient to get a snack here.  But pretty much everytime I have come here, the first 5 things on the menu that I order - he doesnt have.  So I end up getting the same thing - some pot stickers and a cabbage eggroll. If I had it my way this place would be open after the bars close so I can get some greasy sodium rich pan fried snacks.  But otherwise I am rarely on the go looking for just a pot sticker appetizer to hold me off until my next midday endeavor in exciting PA.  If they actually carried rice and soup as advertised - maybe I might come here for lunch or something.
3 Words: Great Chinese Place 2 Words: Awesome potstickers. 1 Word: Love Summary: This place brings back so many great memories of good eats with friends and family. Come try it out for yourself, you wont regret it!
Cho's may look small & funky but it packs a mighty punch. Consistently good for thd last 30 yrs. Same guy in his tiny kitchen. Love the pork buns! The best hands down! Pot stickers with hot sauce- yum! a Calif ave staple down  through the generations!
Ive been going to Chos for as long as I can remember. It was our lunch spot when at Paly in the... Read more 
So Awesome! Cho's has the best pot stickers, dumplings and pork buns out of any place in the area. I personally love the hole-in-the-wall type of place that just specializes in having delicious food (which I'm sure is a passion many of you share) so, naturally, Cho's is one of my favorites. I have had many a good laugh eating here and Mr. Cho himself will always be behind the counter serving up a good time! The only reason I do not give Mr. Cho his 5th star is because the menu is often limited. Sometimes you will not find beef and chicken and he will only have pork. Sometimes he will have no pork and no beef. Sometimes he will have shrimp sometimes he won't -- the selection is a hit or miss. The upside is that no matter what you get it will be SO BOMB!!! Cho's is a definite favorite.
I've been going to Cho's for 15 years and I swear he doesn't recognize me.  Same food.  Same Cho.  Think the soup nazi, but for dim sum.  Not the vindictive soup nazi that bans people for no good reason, but rather the soup nazi that loves his trade, has great food served out of a hole in the wall and is a little misunderstood. You must realize this is HIS restaurant and you are privileged to eat there.  Don't expect classic food service and you won't be let down.  He is a bit.....unrefined, but that is just something you must deal with if you like authentic pot stickers, egg rolls, pork buns chow mein, dumplings or hot and sour soup (thats the entire menu).  If you read these reviews, you would see that no one complains about the food, they complain about the chairs lol, or Cho himself.  The food is simple greasy dim sum.  Limited menu, but cheap enough to fill up on. First off, don't phone in your order.  You must order clearly in person and if possible, individually.  He doesn't do well with long orders as he doesn't use a pen and paper.  Ive seen it a thousand times where someone orders a bunch of food for 5 people and something gets messed up.  But who cares? Even in the busy times it only takes 10 mins for your food.  If he messes up, you must remind him what you ordered, then he will ask how much you paid and then he does the math in his head and realizes that you DID pay for those 3 egg rolls.  He will get you the missing food right away. Cho's business plan is genius.  Give the people cheap prices, by not re-investing in the restaurant.  If he bought that pen and paper or those new tables and chairs then your eggroll wouldn't be 85 cents any more! Cho for life.
I've been coming to Cho's for over 5 years and it's always consistently delicious! Everything is wonderful on the menu but the pork buns and egg rolls are my favorite. In the winter months the won ton soup warms the soul. Call ahead and they'll have your order ready within 15 minutes or it's usually a 15 minute wait. Everything is cooked to order fresh.
I love me some dim sum in the form of potstickers, pork buns and dumplings, especially when I'm at a bar around lunch time trying to cure my hangover with some mimosas. Cho's is close to the Nuthouse and the two together equal a good start to a lazy Saturday. There's a problem though. I'm scared of Mr. Cho. Every time I think about picking up the phone to put in an order or to walk over to his little hole-in-the-wall filled with freezers and card boxes, I stop dead in my tracks and wince. Mr. Cho is mean! He needs to understand that I don't like being yelled at, especially not when my brain is pounding against my skull and all I want is greasy carbs. Oh Mr. Cho, why can't you just tell me that you're out of potstickers for the day instead of yelling "NO POTSTICKERS! PICK SOMETHING ELSE!". And is it so hard to say it'll be a few minutes until the food is ready in a nice manner? "GO NOW! COME BACK - 20 MINUTES!" is what I get to hear after finally picking something that is in stock. Mr. Cho is a one-of-a-kind creature that we are all grateful to have in our lives. He feeds us and is sure to provide us with a fun story every time we go to visit him in his little messy nook. Enter the dragon lair with caution and don't expect anything besides "WHAT DO YOU WANT?!?!?!" You see, to Mr. Cho, we are an inconvenience, a disturbance in his peaceful habitat of old cardboard and greasy fryers.
Hole in the wall along California Avenue.  Don't expect anything extravagant, but good for quick snacks.
This place is by no means your classic Chinese restaurant. Mr.Cho operates, what is essentially, fast-food in the form of dim-sum. One 5 (6?) piece order of potstickers and 3 egg rolls will fill up even the hungriest of eaters. It is not health food, be warned! But it is absolutely delicious. Call ahead and your food will be ready in 10 minutes.
Having been to dumpling houses in China and many dim sum places, the one lesson I learned was: the more run-down looking of a place, the better it is.  This place has mismatched chairs and chipped dishes, and overall looks pretty grungy. That does NOT hold true here.  The service is slow and rude, and our order was wrong.  The dumplings are bland.  The only thing that was decent was the lotus root steamed bun. This place has potential, but it seems like the owner may have stopped caring long ago.  Sorry, but for me Cho's is a no-go.
This place looks like a dump.  when I was first brought here- I was literally scared to eat there and it's food.  But, the prok buns were great, the egg rolls were great, miso soup was good- price was good. I can't complain- I liked it.
This place was such a great find! I know it's not dim sum from Vancouver's best or anything, but buns and potstickers are simple and delicious =) I wanted takeout but Mr. Cho said that it was dine in only. So I gave him tupperware and he just filled them right up. I think he just heats up pre-made food, but it wasn't bad. It's almost as though my grandpa made me an evening snack! The shop itself is pretty ghetto,  but I guess that's how a lot of Chinese joints with good home-style food are.
Quirky little spot run by mom and pop Cho, where your dim sum is cooked to order and then you come back to get it to go or eat in. I had the steamed pork buns, the pot stickers and a sweet lotus bun during my visit. The pork pot stickers were outstanding - small and round, more like dumplings than traditional pot stickers, and perfectly gingery with lean pork. The steamed buns were fluffy and very tasty as well. The sweet lotus bun was wonderful, but without tea to pair with, kinda weird. Downside was a limited selection, no tea and a scolding sign on the wall declaring that if you break any cup or dish YOU PAY. They weren't exactly using Dresden china. I think I recall plastic plates and dime store cups, so not sure what the heck that was all about. I'd come back for the pot stickers any time and would like to sample some of the other treats as well. Overall a tiny dim sum snackateria with high quality and a unique, almost street vendorish vibe. But please bring in some tea. It's like not having parmesan cheese in an Italian restaurant.
I generally support mom and pop shops but I cannot support Cho's anymore.  I spent $5 on two large pork buns and a large hot-n-sour soup.  The buns came out and they looked familiar to me...they are the same ones I usually buy from the Chinese supermarkets. Why do I come to Cho's to eat steamed store-bought frozen buns? I bit into the buns, they were the sweet lotus seed paste buns. I told Mr. Cho about it, he said I ordered the sweet lotus seed paste buns (STRANGE! Sweet lotus seed paste and large pork buns do not sound similar at all!). Then he grunted that he did not have pork puns. So which is it, Mr. Cho? Did I order sweet lotus seed paste buns or did you run out of pork buns and decide to make a few bucks by giving me what you have? I walked off, not angry or upset, just disappointed at Cho's.  That is the last $5 Cho's made off me.  From now on, I will go to Dim Sum King, Hong Kong Chinese Bakery or steam myself some dim sum from the Chinese supermarket. Uber disappointing.
Quit being a butt hole, Randy F. I actually find Cho's hot and sour soup decent and he raised only... Read more 
There is definitely something to be said for hole-in-the-wall places.  And Cho's, right smack in the middle of California Avenue and the "business district" of Palo Alto, is a surprising, albeit average, find. As the articles from the San Jose Mercury News and Extra Section posted on the windows attest, Cho's is apparently an institution, having been at California Avenue for more than 20 years.  For those twenty years, he's been serving dim sum out of a tiny kitchen smaller than most of the bathrooms of the Palo Altans who frequent the place.  Props to Mr. Cho for being open that long.  It really is quite an accomplishment. As for the name, "Cho's Mandarin Dim Sum" or "Cho's Restaurant," I think both monikers are a bit misleading.  A much better name might be Cho's Dim Sum Shack.  Other than the tiny kitchen, there's a small, adjacent room that houses a few simple tables that serves as the dining area.  Honestly, eating there or just outside by the flowers and the street would be pretty much the same. What about Cho himself?  He often manages the kitchen alone but I have seen another person (his wife?) helping out.  He takes the orders, immediately starts "cooking," and is the cashier as well.  I agree with those who say he's like the Soup Nazi...he acknowledges your order but little else.  For some, this adds to the fun and "grungy" atmosphere, I guess. In the end though, all the ambience (or lack thereof) is irrelevant and should play a secondary role to the food.  The specialties here are the pot stickers and the newspaper reviews (written over 10 years ago) tout them as "some of the best in the Bay Area." Well folks, times have changed.  Hundreds of Chinese restaurants have sprouted up along the Peninsula since then and many quality dim sum outlets have as well.  While Cho's pot stickers and Shanghai dumplings aren't horrible, you could make some yourself by buying a few at Ranch 99 or Marina Foods.  And while the food is cheap ($3-5/entrees), it doesn't take that much skill to open the fridge, turn on the skillet or bamboo steamer and "cook" your own dumplings and pot stickers (as Cho does).  The real skill is making the dumplings which I believe Cho does. Several reviews tout the fact they love how Cho "makes the dim sum fresh to order."  It reality, it's really more "reheat to order."  He has a large refrigerator where all his prepared (and oftentimes cooked) dumplings and pot stickers are stored and when you order, he reheats them in a skillet or a bamboo steamer.  A much better option to me, if you're a real Cho dumpling fan, is to buy his pot stickers in bulk to go. And for all those starving college and high school students who wouldn't have survived without Cho's serving them cheap grub, you seriously need to at least gain some minimal cooking skills (ie: microwave, skillet, or steamer). All in all, if you're in the area or perhaps visiting the 24 Hour Kinko's FedEx next door and would like a quick Chinese snack, Cho's can hit that spot.  Just don't think you're the next Anthony Bourdain who's found some hole-in-the-wall cause you've never ventured beyond Palo Alto...it's really just ok. After being called out by Mabel Y. for my review, I decided to give Cho's an extra star.  After all, being in business for over 20, almost 30 years, isn't easy.  Kudos to him...plus, the hot and spicy soup was actually pretty good. BTW Cho's Restaurant is cash only.
"NO SOUP TODAY!!!"   Haha, Cho is Palo Alto's soup nazi...and I know I'm not the first to report this, but he cracks me up and I kinda like it when he yells at me.  It reminds me of my youth. I don't know how long I've been coming to see him, but it's been well over a decade and he never fails to make my tummy happy.  Well, unless I wanted soup and it's a "no soup" day.  In that case, I just gorge myself on potstickers, shrimp dumpwrings, eggrolls and pork buns.  I can usually feast and have a leftover snack for under $10. -Take out is best at lunch time, since there's only 3 tables in there and it's really cramped (it's not really all that clean either, but eh, the food's good).  I'll dine in during off hours. -Another tip is to call in for lunch, he can get really busy during the week and I've had 45 minute waits before. -It's cash only and if you're a fan too, be sure to buy his frozen goodies to make at home. -There's plenty of parking in the back lot. -Don't expect him to wait on you.  He'll probably just yell...
I thought I remember reading great reviews about them or was it some kind of show?  I thought we got lucky running into this place but...  It's a hole in the wall and that's always promising.  Looking at the limited menu and seeing a freezer near the front w/ packaged dumplings for sale - all good signs. Truth be told, I have no idea what some of the menu items are, I wish he had them in Chinese so I can at least have some idea.  Imagine non Asian understands the menu of an Asian restaurant better than an Asian - does this even make sense?!? Everything is minimal here and you have to ask for everything like soy sauce.  I asked for additional white pepper and was given a sprinkle of it in a small plastic cup.  I went back asking for more in Chinese and got 2 sprinkles - basically less than what I would add to a spoonful of soup, very pathetic.  I don't understand why he is so stingy on white pepper, they are not expensive especially when buy in bulk.  At some point, you just have to give up and frankly I can't ask for a sprinkle for every spoonful of soup.  It appears people put away their own dishes too so we bus our own table as well.  Better off taking to-go and not end up smelling like oil/food. Anyway, we ordered: pork potstickers (you have a choice of chicken, beef, pork and veggie) - 6 - $4.25? they were round, like XLB which is the first time I've seen potstickers in that shape - it looked promising, the bottom was nicely browned and crispy.  The filling is just meat and tasted ok. Large hot and sour soup - $3.25? - same broth as wonton soup but just added corn starch, bamboo shoots, tofu, some chili - it was on the watery side, not much fillig, not spicy or sour  - SKIP large chicken wonton - 6 pieces - $3.25? - this was probably the best dish of the night?  I have to say the filling taste like what one would expect from a potsticker - a mixture of meat and cabbage? 3 in 1 steamer - you get 2 pieces of 3 varieties - $3.50? -I don't recognize what they are - except for the different shapes, they are identical - same skin/wrap and exact same meat only filling.
Remember the soup nazi from Seinfeld?  Well, meet the dim sum nazi.     Seriously, I never know if I'm going to be greeted by an abrupt, "Huh" or "what would you like today?". With cantonese radio blaring for white noise and the most beaten up table/chair sets north of San Jo, this dive serves up just a handful of dim sum items and one very fine bowl of hot and sour soup.   One sip of Cho's  soup and your sinuses will thank you. I'm a regular here and I still get confused by the menu....  I can't seem to figure out what things are called except for the shrimp dumpling.  Pork ball, pork dumpling, small pork something...  I eat dim sum frequently and I never seem to get the same thing when I order "pork dumplings".  Sometimes they're round with thick wrappers and yesterday they were crescent shaped with thin wrappers.  Try to get the round ones, they taste better.  Kids like the shrimp dumplings, extremely mushy wrappers that you can just swallow, chewing is optional. Oh well, I don't dare ask for help with the menu, just devour.  For $2 - $3.50 you can get 6 dumplings. Cash only and for my clean freaky friends, bring some hand sanitizers and something to wipe down the tables and utensils.  They are....ummmm...kinda sticky. Oh yeah, for those first timers, here's a tip on how to find the place.  Park somewhere near FedEx then walk.  Otherwise, if you blink you'll miss the stickers-made sign.
3 stars for the food + 1 extra star for effort and dedication. Cho's is basically a low-key and minimalist hole in the wall where this Chinese guy and his wife work in a tiny kitchen with a counter no bigger than a small bathroom and have been serving good quick and cheap dim sum every day for at least 10+ years. I'm amazed how they have been able to stay in business so long in pricey Palo Alto selling $2-5 dumplings. To me Cho's is a landmark on California Ave in Palo Alto. $2.25 got me 3 pork dumplings and another $0.90 got me a steamed pork bun. Both were served hot (you can eat in the tiny place with 4 tables or take out) and hit the spot. Don't expect an engaging conversation with the man I assume to be Cho. Interaction with him is minimalist just like the place. Similar to Twee, my conversation was: Me: "2 in 1 special please" Mr. Cho: "No more 2 in 1 special." Me: "Uh...3 pork dumplings and 1 pork bun" Mr. Cho: *nods* Bottom line: Great hole-in-the-wall place to drop in for a cheap and quick Chinese dumpling or bun if you are in the California Ave of Palo Alto.  Don't have any expectations or illusions of grandeur or a nice looking storefront and you won't be disappointed. And definitely drop by and support this place since I would love to see them around for at least another 10 years.
Wow, 4 stars really?  This is a 2.5 star review rounded up.  Yes, Cho's is a mom-and-pop place, and I hate to knock it, but the only thing good here is the steamed bbq pork bun.  The dumplings were worse than frozen ones what with the thick doughy skin.  The wonton soup was basically soy sauce + water. So why 3 stars?  The steamed bbq pork bun, 3 for $2.10 was great.  Soft, slightly sweet, if not enough filling.  3 of these would be enough for me for lunch, and I saw that he has a freezer of these too.  Maybe I'll stop by to get some to steam myself.  Cheap!
When I was about to walk in to this little Dim Sum shop, the first thing I saw on the posted menu is "Cash only." So I was forced to get cash somewhere else. Now with some money, I can actually eat at this place that serves only Dim Sum. This little place is not one of your ordinary dim-sum places in Chinatown.  The old man, who may be the owner, looks like an honorable warrior from the Shaolin Towers. But he and his wife personally cook some of the freshest Dim Sum in Palo Alto. I ordered the Won ton soup. For $4.00, there are six dumplings in the soup. The soup may be a little bland, but the dumplings were very appetizing. I also got a large order of fresh Pot-stickers. For $3.00, I get six of those fresh fried dumpling made to order straight from the busy kitchen. I also got $1.00 can of Diet Pepsi. There isn't much of dining area with only five tables and ten seats. But if you want to check this place out there are benches on California Ave. to enjoy the treats. Remember, "Bring cash" or as you've read from my preceding review, there is a Mollie Stone's across the street with an ATM machine or on the check-stand!!
You know those really snazzy outfits with lazy susans, Ming vases, and bow-tied servers that seem to exist for the sole purpose of serving insane 16-course banquets? Yeah, Cho's is not one of those places. ....NOR DOES IT PRETEND TO BE.  However, you WILL eat great food, and lots of it.  And you WILL pay cash (leave your plastic at home), but very little of it.  What I love about this place is its unflapping authenticity: fresh, simple, HAND-MADE quality without the hocus-pocus (and let's be honest here...INEDIBLE) frills of mood lighting, schmoozy waitstaff, and designer table settings. Take it from someone who grew up on homemade potstickers--trust me, I've kneaded, rolled, stuffed, and pleated (and ATE, of course) my share of the suckers--Cho's is where I go when I'm craving piping hot delicious bundles of gingery goodness, but short on time/energy. My recommendations? 1. Find an appetite, the bigger the better (who're we fooling?--size DOES matter) 2. Locate $10 +/- (preferably without breaking any laws) 3. MIx n match -potsickers/dumplings (I prefer the chicken over pork) -eggrolls (vegetarian) -buns (people luv 'em, but I still prefer potstickers) For those who don't care to stomach the full hole-in-the-wall experience, Cho's also offers take-out and frozen dumplings & buns.
Great dim sum. Nice variety with different combinations, good to take to go.
This isn't really the kind of place you'd, say, drive in to Palo Alto to visit.  If you are in the car and hankering for dim sum, this is not the first place I would recommend.  That said, if you happen to work, live, or just spend a lot of time nearby, Cho's is a great place to satisfy a dim sum craving. Is it the best dim sum around?  Probably not.  Is it the best dim sum *value* around?  Probably.  It's super-cheap, reasonably fast, and good enough to make me crave it when I haven't gone in awhile. Some say the owner(?) is gruff.  I suspect he just isn't so great with English, so says the minimum number of words possible to get by.  I can respect that, especially since he hasn't gotten my order wrong yet -- even when I'm sure he hasn't heard me.
As sung back in high school the mid 90's, "Old Man Cho, oh what do you Know old man Cho?"  The hottest and steamiest (if that's a word) pork buns that I've seen! This little dump in the middle of computer engineer country ahem I mean Palo Alto or Shallow Alto for those who live there, still makes the best pork buns ever.  The dough is like fluffy clouds of warm goodness and the tender and flavorful pork filling is amazing!  My dad first took me here to teach a nice young Jew the first lesson in traif and what a fine lesson indeed! I frequented this dive when I was a teenager in high school because on a allowance of $10/wk these meals were affordable.  $3 for a bowl of buns or dumplings.  Today, I went there to pick up a bun for old times sake since I'm studying like crazy for my entrance exam for B-school I figure it used to work then it might work now to keep me satisfied while studying.  It sure did! I tend to not sample the menu, the whole 8 items that are on there.  I just stick to 2 things. Old Man Cho still hooks it up and doesn't charge the $0.15 per bag, although it's posted for charge.
Cho does what he does better than anyone else around. He is the undisputed pot-sticker/pork-bun/egg-roll master. I've been going to this place for 20 years and have never been let down. How has this hole-in-the-wall survived on California St. throughout the waves of gentrification that have gussied up Palo Alto over the past 20 years? By consistently turning out some of the best basic dim sum on the Peninsula at rock-bottom prices- that's how. Superlative quality and execution have made Cho's into an unlikely neighborhood institution. Not a lot of variety or ambience here, but a great place for a cheap, quick lunch, or a platter of dim sum to bring to a party. Cho's is a true hidden gem on the Peninsula, and well worth a stop if you find yourself in the area.
Great dim sum. Nice variety with different combinations, good to take to go.
I was going to give this place an extra star for price but I just changed my mind. If I need to save money on lunch I will enjoy a yummy polish dog at Costco that comes with a drink for only $1.50! I am TRULY shocked this place gets an average of 4 stars. I went here today after reading yelp reviews and was very disappointed. I read several reviews and no one mentioned anything about how their menu only has about 5 items. No shuimai?! You only get the choice of pork BBQ buns, har gow (shrimp dumplings), egg rolls, shanghai dumplings, and another type of bun. Also the oil that my egg roll was fried in was old. I could taste it. I went there in the mood for all the typical dim sum items such as shumai, egg tarts, fried taro and pork ribs. I would not describe this hole in the wall as a gem. I will not be going back here.
I liked the made to order dim sum. It seemed fresh and a little more healthy. The man behind the counter was no charmer, but he definitely acknowledged his customers' presence. I ordered 3 pieces of pork potstickers, 3 pieces of shrimp dumplings, and 3 small bbq pork buns and a can of coke. I was pretty satisfied and all for under 10 bucks. The place could use a nice scrub down, though -- it's definitely rockin' that hole-in-the-wall vibe. I'll be back for more in the very near future.
This has got to be the worse dumpling I have ever tasted in my life! I can't believe all the reviews that people have given it. The dough was so thick, that I couldn't taste the meat, and whatever you ordered, everything tasted the same. Even the vinegar was the wrong type. It wasn't chinese vinegar , but  the white vinegar! The only good  thing was that the service was pretty fast. BUT I WILL NEVER GO TO THAT PLACE again. unless maybe it is the LAST chinese restaurant/take out in this universe.
I think this place is good, but definitely not great hence the three star rating. It is cheap and has a mom/pop feel to it because it is very, very hole in the wall. It is relatively quick for a combo meal and my alternative after Homma's Brown Rice Sushi failed. I like the very unassuming atmosphere, but at the same time it's hard for a stranger that doesn't know to just walk in because its intimidating due to the limited menu and the fact that you don't know if you're doing something right or wrong or if you may upset the owner by asking for hot sauce. Seating is VERY limited and to grab a good seat during lunch is precious. If i lived in Palo Alto, I'd come here once a week, maybe once every two weeks, but it's not something I'd drive out of my way for.
Small menu but I guess they stick to.what they do best. Get the large pork bun. Super soft and never dry. Everything else is average but fresh. Bad news is priced went up 10% last month :(
I'm a fan of the food at this place; however if you are expecting a full-fledged restaurant due to the name, you will be disappointed. Cho's is a fantastic street food style place that happens to reside within a small hole in the wall. This place is all about the buns (lotus and pork), egg rolls, and dumplings; you don't need anything else when you go there, trust me. Positives: 1. The food is quick, the menu is simple, and everything is amazingly tasty. 2. Cho's also sells their dumplings and buns pre-frozen to cook at home, and they are frozen heaven on rainy days. Negatives: 1. The seating area is small; McDonalds has a bigger playhouse than this places seating area. 2. Some people think that cash only is a negative so I'm calling it out. 3. The owner and operator is all business; not in a rude way, just don't be offended if he's direct with you.
The pork buns are like a trip to heaven to knock back a beer with God himself. Stop reading my review and just go eat one already.
This place really blew me away .. totally did not expect such a hole-in-the-wall place on California. Cheap food, although don't expect a full menu of dim sum, it's really more of buns and pot stickers. Oily, but great food for cheap. And for those worried about the sanity, I'm happy to report no stomach problems after eating here. :) Update: Went again on 02/20/2008 - I would have to say, it's still good. Definitely a great place to check out for a cheap eat.
Pot Stickers. The best pot stickers in the world, or at least in California, are prepared here in this little restaurant. Cho's is an old chinese man who prepares pork buns, pot stickers, egg rolls... just amazing. Worth travelling from where you are, on a weekend or a weekday escape! "Locals order to go, since the spartan dining room holds only three tables. Steaming, spicy potstickers are six for $3.75; fluffy buns full of sweet pork, 85 cents. Four dollars buys a Super Value Meal better than that at any fast-food joint: a crisp fried egg roll chunky with fresh vegetables, two pork buns, and three chicken pot stickers" - SF Magazine.
I walked by here and totally forgot that it still existed. I used to work near here and this was one of my fast lunch staples. Cho is definitely the "Potsticker Nazi"  like Al Yanegah of the Soup Kitchen in NYC. If he liked you you tended to get your food faster than if he didn't. We always made it a point to bring my co-worker who he adored and hence always got great service. Potstickers are king here so you'd best get yourself at least half a dozen. The few tables that are there are usually occupied by people, plates or a combo of the two, and there's usually a line out the door. Since California Ave has some nice outside spots we usually took the food to go. Cheap, generally fast, and if you can't decide on what you want you can even get a Cho's super value meal. If there ever was a dumpling speakeasy this place would be it.
What it is; a hole-in-the-wall Dim Sum place with great, inexpensive pot stickers and other little mouthfuls. What it is not; a place for ambiance, a date, or finding a full meal. I am not sure that I would get in the car to drive to drive to Palo Alto just for pot stickers, but if I was in the area... Just go. The pot stickers are that good. Perfectly cooked, light dough on the outside, crusty crispy on the bottom. See for yourself. It is an old time institution - although I only have known about it for a few years. Cho's has never let me down. Maybe I'll stop by on the way home.
If you're looking for charm, dcor, atmosphere, or service with a smile, this is not your place. Cho's has one tiny counter for ordering, a stark, minimalist menu, and a cramped dining area usually littered with newspapers. But, if you're looking for a cheap, tasty meal, this is the place. There are six bargain meals that offer you various combinations of the menu, most for around $5. Less than $3 gets you three large steamed pork buns, which is my favorite snack on the run.  Granted, the pork is sparse, and sometimes you don't get the best end of the pig, but the buns are puffy, squishy heaven and the pork adds just the right note of sweetness and meatness. Just make sure that in your ravenous state you don't eat the paper sticking to the bottom. The dumplings are also quite satisfactory. Avoid the egg rolls, though; they're greasy and not worth the indigestion. I'll note that Cho's is just a spit from the California Ave. train station, and I confess to occasionally catching the C-Line from Stanford when I have a mad pork-bun craving. Time it right, and you can get to Cho's, get your order, and be back on the next bus/train to a more amenable dining location.
Good, but not great. If you're not picky about having excellent dim sum, then this place is for you. The prices are really cheap ($2 for 3 Shanghai pork buns; $1 for 1 lotus seed bun), and the food tastes good. Unfortunately, the pork bun was filled with only meat and no vegetables. I suppose this is what you get when you strike such a bargain for dim sum! +2 stars for food +1 star for affordability Tip: Cho's also sells bags of frozen dim sum!
Delicious and cheap. My favorite combination. Veggie Chowmein = $3.75 (small plate / one serving  size) Value meal #5: 1 eggroll, 2 pork buns and 3 shrimp dumplings = $4.50
The food here isn't bad. However, I give it 2 stars because I left so incredibly disappointed. I had heard this was dim sum, and granted, I would consider this dim sum, but the selection is so paltry that you might as well call it a pork bun and egg roll shop. Oh, and potstickers. The food itself wasn't bad. It was decent enough. But it wasn't GREAT. When you go into a restaurant and it has less than 10 items on the menu, you really expect that those 10 things are all excellent. After all, there must be some reason why such a small, non-diverse shop must stay in business. All in all, I won't return to this place unless I happen to be in the area, and I happen have an insatiable hunger for potstickers, eggrolls, or pork buns.
This is a solid place to get fast, cheap food.  Not sure why it's so polarizing... they don't over-promise or under-deliver.  You can tell by looking at the place... what you see is what you get.  I eat here whenever I feel like a greasy dumpling or five...
This place is straight to the point.  No bells and whistles, just chopsticks and dilapidated chairs. The dumplings here satisfy my tummy like no other dim sum can and although you may collect grease by the liters, it's a good place for comfort eating.  Price is incredibly affordable but may be a hassle if you're a CC user because it's cash only.  I love the menu selection because it's really idiot-proof and you can say "combo 1, 2, or 3". I bet Cho lives in a mansion with acres upon acres of land because this place is so tiny.  Just don't be caught here by your coworkers -- they'll assume you're being laid off and fear for their own positions at work. Palo Alto, such high maintenance people. psssh.
This is one of those places you wouldn't notice if you walked past it. I've walked and driven by it for 4 years without even knowing it was there. If you did notice it, I would place a heavy wager you wouldn't stop to grab a pork bun and you'd be missing out on a little ball of fluffy and savory goodness. The shop owner and his wife are gruff, to put it politely. The "restaurant" itself is dingy, dirty and most certainly unbecoming. There are additional fees for things like to-go bags and containers (25 cents each). The menu is small and probably hasn't changed much since the opening. After all these negatives, why am I giving it 4 stars? Because it's delicious! Nevermind the exterior, or interior for that matter - this place is all about the food. Soups, pot stickers and pork buns are all this hole-in-the wall offers and they sure do get it right. If you don't like the looks of the place, get it to go and enjoy it in the luxury of your own living room. If you're looking for a truly unique place that offers one-of-a-kind grub at a more than affordable price, then Cho's is the place - just don't blink or you'll miss it.
Ahh.. Don't mess with Cho. Cho don't play that. I'm glad you got a picture of him on here. He doesn't smile..  He doesn't chit chat..  He just slangs those morsels of goodness. What a bargain! Gas prices go up. Food prices go up. Not Cho. He knows his niche. I wanna see him take on one of the Iron Chef's on the food network. "And the food for todays challenge is.......     Dim Sum!!!"     Duhn.. duhn.. duhn..  duhhhhhnnn!"   On mear moxy alone, he would crush the Iron Chef. I could see him standing there, pulling each item out of the freezer, handing them to Mrs Cho(His only assistant), as she sets the egg rolls in the fryer one by one. And on to the steamer and so on. Now that's good television.
Cho's isn't exactly a restaurant; it's a take-out place with a few tables for seating. Cho makes the best potstickers (both chicken and pork) that I've had in the area. Cho's potstickers helped get me through college and grad school. For that, I owe him five stars.
I'm giving Cho's 5 stars because it keep me alive during my years as a broke ass high school and college student. Along with top ramen and easy mac, Cho's kept me nourished and allowed me to continue my personal crusade against the Atkins diet  (circa 2002) by stuffing myself with pork buns and potstickers. For about $10, I would have food that lasted me all day and even had pork buns to share.  What's in my Cho's to go bag: egg rolls, potstickers, triangle chicken and the won ton soup. Warning the won ton soup won't meet everyone's needs. It sort of tastes like (and might only be) water with won tons but add some hot sauce and it's not so bad. Yep, it's a hole-in-the-wall. If there was a national merit award for excellence in hole-in-the-wall entrepreneurialship  I think Cho's could probably win.  If you're up for fast, cheap, and filling food, give Cho's a try.
still the best pork buns in town, and arguably the best pot stickers as well.  Everything is made to order, so expect to wait a few minutes while it's cooked-- fresh, hand-made, and delicious. Not fast food, but definitely worth the wait!
Cho is definitely the "Dim Sum Nazi" but the potstickers and the pork buns are really really good.  I have not been in for a while, but I used to work across the street, and it was a good cheap lunch. If I want really tasty myriad of choices dim sum, I get over to Mings.
I have only come here for the cheap BBQ pork buns.....I have never gotten anything else. The buns are decent and cheap:  exactly what you would expect from a whole in the wall.
Cheap, greasy, fast.  Cho's is all of these things.  The flavor here is not very complex.  The food is not perfectly executed.  But, it is so cheap.  The restaurant itself is a little dirty and the food is way too greasy.  But, it is so cheap.  The wait staff isn't particularly friendly.  Did I mention that it was cheap? I will admit that the quality of the food is not high.  People who say that these are the best potstickers around have clearly never had good potstickers.  The porn buns are doughy and lack meat.  But, if you want fast and convenient, you can go to a national fast food chain or you can go to Cho's.  And, even a bad potsicker is better than any fast food burger in my opinion.
I was a very happy camper today when I spent $5.25 on a very tasty lunch at this place.  I chose the value meal #4, which consisted of three pork potstickers, two barbecue pork buns, and an egg roll.  This combo was $4.25, plus a bottle of water for a dollar.  Very nice. The food was excellent, and I'm not just saying that because it was so cheap.  The potstickers tasted fresh, and I loved how I could TELL what I was eating within the potsticker... You know how some potstickers look like ground up... uh... material?  Not these!  The barbecue pork buns were great, and I was happy to have them, because they really aren't on many menus anymore.  The vegetable egg roll really impressed me.  Normally, I really do not like egg rolls that do not have meat in them, because there just isn't enough flavor.  But this egg roll was very juicy and flavorful. I'll agree with everyone else...  The guy working there is not friendly.  But when you can get a great tasting lunch for under five bucks somewhere, does that really matter?
Cho's hole in the wall is great for pot stickers and pork buns.  $5 you're full, and $7 you're stuffed.  The pot stickers are cooked just right and the filling is tasty and doesn't leave you asking yourself, "what did I just eat".  No strange consistency or color.  You'll get a different shape pot sticker depending on your order.  I think Cho changed shapes so he remembers which ones are which more easily.  Also, he doesn't write anything down, he seems to take orders by memory. The pork buns were good too.  No huge chunks of fat and the filling was tasty.  Not the tastiest I've ever had, but enjoyable enough. Study the menu hard before ordering, there are lots of combinations.  Mix and match as you please or order one of the combo meals, which tend to save you about $.25 - $.50.
This place is such a hole in the wall joint.  Strange to say, but if they had more items on their menu I'd have to give them three stars, but the fact that Cho focuses on just a narrow few nim sum items and sticks to that, I had to bump it up to four stars. Pure and simple this dirty dumpy little place is brimming with character.  Its worth it to go in and order a few pot stickers and a pork bun just to say you did then realize the food ain't half bad.
Anytime I'm in Palo Alto visiting my Aunt and Uncle there's one place we have to go.  Yeah, that's right, Cho's! Years ago my Uncle hyped this place beyond belief and it rose to the occasion then and has done so during each and every subsequent visit. I've brought friends, my Aunt and Uncle have brought friends and similar results each time:  Cho's is the place to be in Palo Alto!
Got the chicken dumplings today. Honestly, the wrappers for the dumplings were not that tasty. The dumpling wrapper was nice and thick, but the dough tasted old . . . Shoulda stuck with the steamed pork buns which were so ridiculously good, they got Cho's a 4+ star review last time.
I was going to wait until I finished eating to review this place . . . but it's just so so so good,... Read more 
I used to come here with co-workers for lunch. I know that this place is in institution, and you gotta admit, the ambience is unique: a clean hole-in-the-wall with a handful of tables and a gruff old guy at the counter. I always gave myself a challenge - to make him crack a smile. I was able to do that at times, though if only to get a sliver of his teeth to show. He's got a good business model going. You figure: 1. If everything is frozen and he charges $1-2 per item, he's still making a killing cuz it's still more expensive than the bags-n-bulk that he buys at maybe $3 per bag. 2. He saves money on overhead cuz he's the only guy around. 3. For being in the same spot this whole time, chances are that he prob pays cheap rent, or owns the building. 4. Heck - he even saves money by throwing to-go items in a box from the case-of-soda. It's quite cheap here, though you pay for what you get - it's probably frozen. On the one hand, you might be better off either paying the extra for dim sum in a sit-down restaurant (to get the quality), or running to the local Ranch 99, Trader Joe's, or Costco to get that frozen bag of dumplings. With regards to taste, it was all standard with no WOW factor. Like I said, I was pretty skeptical as to whether or not he really made everyting in-house. Sometimes, the pork buns were soggy, and the dumplings were gummy , which means: not-made-fresh to me. On the other hand, though, I knew exactly what I was getting. It was really inexpensive, and it doesn't take me much to get my fill. In other words, you get what you pay for, and set  your expectations accordingly. This place represents hard work and fortitude in an era, and and in a locale, of chains and big-box retail; it's got some unique personality, so Kudos to Cho. ...however, it'll never be a first choice to go there unless I was with a colleague or friend who wanted to meet me there.
You have to understand what you're getting yourself into. Just go for the good food. nothing else. Cash Only! But the grocery market across the street gives cash back on any purchase. We walked in and was kinda thrown back, but trusted our fellow yelpers. Ordered up a storm for $15 bucks and was actually not that surprised that we had to pay for our to-go containers. I joked with my girlfriend that we should have brought tupperware and saved the .60. haha! Now on to the bread and butter...their FOOD. The dumplings were AMAZING!!!!! Not tooo oily and the meat was hot and the flavor was quite memorable. A great place to pick up food. wouldn't recommend for much else. Enjoy!
hot sauce soy sauce? Yes please. I have been going to Cho's for almost 15 years. Best potstickers in town. At work  we usually call in our order in for lunch, its ready fast and always so good. I usually do 6 potstickers and 1 pork bun. So right. They also offer frozen potstickers which is nice for cooking at home.
This place has a lot of character.  I think that is what makes it so attractive. I think the eating experience is a bit enhanced by the "danger" aspect of eating there. 2 stars for the food.  1 star for the comfort and service.  4 stars for the atmosphere for a city (palo alto) sorely in need.
It is said that 1 in 5 times eating at Cho's, you will end up with a tummy ache. The other four times, you will experience nirvana. We came to believe this when I used to work near Cho's and we'd go frequently. Most of the time, the food was unbelievably good and unbelievably cheap. At the time, Cho was often a bit short with his customers and would frequently deny you certain items even though you could swear that the guy in front of you just ordered them successfully. And yes, once in a while we did get mildly ill after eating there. But things are different now. The prices are a bit higher (though two people can easily eat a full meal for under $10 total). Cho has mellowed out a bit (I swear I've even seen him smile!). The food remains terrific. I generally order the chicken potstickers and a lotus seed bun. The lotus paste, to me, tastes almost like a sweet apple filling, but others report different comparisons. I also like to say that it's a mild hallucinogen, but this, of course, is not true. Do not be scared of the hole-in-the-wall setting, the unfamiliar menu items, and the man behind the counter. Cho's is a great place. Even though I live in San Francisco now, I'm always up for a Cho's / Fry's run.
I love this place! So reliable and delicious! You're never let down and you know what you're going to get! Very cheap and speedy - It's also easy to order ahead for take out. I would highly recommend the large pork buns, chicken pot stickers, shrimp dumplings and egg rolls.
**1/2 SETTING Dingy and dark. Chef looks forlorn. FOOD Tried a variety of buns, dumplings, and eggrolls with multiple fillings. Everything tasted reheated. The filling was at mean with the packaged kind and not at all juicy. The dough/skin was equally fair. What you get (for the same price) at most dim sum restaurants is vastly superior. WILL I BE BACK? I don't understand the appeal of the "hole-in-the-wall" eatery, except in rare cases when it delivers tantalizing and authentic ethnic cuisine. That is not the case here. The chef probably knows it, and that's why he looks so sad.
I'm not one who is adverse to eating at hole-in-the-wall restaurants, so long as the food is tasty, but Cho's dim sum was still a disappointment . DO NOT come to this place expecting a feast of dim sum varieties. The menu is limited, and Cho's literally serves "dim sum" which just means "snacks" in Chinese. I would come here if I had the late night munchies but not for a real meal. Yes, the "meals" here are cheap (between $4.25 to $4.50 approx), but I had to order two meals to get full. I was also disappointed that they did not have any shrimp dumplings or pork balls left when my coworkers and I got there around 1:30 PM on a week day. The BBQ pork buns here left a lot to be desired. They were cold and the BBQ pork filling was less than mediocre. The only redeeming dish were the pork potstickers. Although I think a more adequate name would be Fried Xiao Long Bao since they are shaped like pork buns and not dumplings. They reminded me of a food stall at a night market I frequented when I still lived in Taiwan. Again, they would have been better if Cho kept them hot. They tasted like they've been left out for a while, which could be why some Yelpers suspect that he's just re-heating frozen food.
As mentioned before most people get a big bag of potstickers to go. I like to sit down with a #1. Egg roll, 3 potstickers and a steamed pork bun for $4.25. Love the hole in the wall, love the food, love the man. A Pally staple . . .
Oh Cho's.  How I love thee.  As an original Palo Altan, way before the dot com nouveau riche infested this wonderful city with their ostentatious and pretentious ways, I enjoyed this tiny hole in the wall on California avenue. If you went to Stanford in the 80's or 90's, then I have the word to summarize this place "The Tea House".  This is like a grown up Tea House with slightly better food and just as cheap prices.  If you didn't go to Stanford then -my deepest condolences-...seriously though this place,  is that quintessential place that you'd go when you had no money but needed good grub. Although, I'm now all grown up and professional now...I still hanker for the simpler days of life...like when you were  a poor college student trying to figure out how to grab a meal for around 5 bucks.  You didn't care about service...decor...all you wanted was volumes of good grub. Cho's is your answer in spades.  You can grab pork buns, dumplings, egg rolls, noodles to your delight.  Sure if your looking for some special dietary need i.e. "I want the sustainable energy farmed organic lettuce/ leek dumpling that was grown with carbon offset technology without trans fat, please"  You won't get that here.  Try the french laundry or chez panisse. This is cheap chinese food, people...We come from a country of a billion people with not enough land to feed that many mouths.  You just try to get the most volume of food for the cheapest price.  Cho's knows how to do this well.
Potstickers, steamed pork buns, great prices (not just for Palo Alto, but for anywhere), and meeting Cho (yes, he is like the Soup Nazi).  There's really nothing else like it.  The potstickers are always cooked to perfection: steamed and moist in the middle, with a crisp bottom. No, it's not a fancy establishment, and sometimes your forks/plates are questionably "clean."  But other than that, it's one of those places you HAVE to try if you're in the area.
A Palo Alto institution.  Eat the dim sum at Cho's and then walk down the street to Antonio's Nut House to wash it down with a pint.  You'll never have been more of a Palo Altan, yet felt nothing like one. Oh, the food here is nothing special.  It's good enough though, if you want some cheap fast dim sum. One star purely for nostalgia's sake.  So really three stars.
Cho's is very much a hole in the wall, but that is part of the charm.  On the upside, the food is cheap, and you can get a meal under $5 - something that is hard to come by within walking distance of the Caltrain station. I would go here for takeout when I worked off California Avenue over the summer. The egg rolls and dumplings were tasty, but I wasn't a fan of the pork buns although they were OK.  You should try it at least once - get one of the value meals to see what you like.
I come in here regularly for the pork potstickers. I work in the area and there are not many places that I can have a delicious meal for under five bucks. Cho's delivers every time.
I used to go here for lunch  back in the '80s when I worked on California Ave..  6 of Cho's potstickers was the only thing that could make me even remotely presentable for work after too much partying at the Keystone night before.  And they were delicious too!!! I went back there recently drooling with expectation.  What a let down.  Cho is old, the potstickers are round, flavorless and overpriced..and I realized that I am 30 years older too !!!!
Cho Huan (sp is wrong I'm sure) serving simple, fast, hot, and terrifically tasty Pork Buns, Pot Stickers, Hot N' Sour soup. I remember loving his place 20 years ago.  Back then there were only two tables and four chairs (I was always concerned that I would break those rickety chairs). Over the years the spot has changed little ~ though Cho's has doubled in size.  Happily the menu has remained the same. simple yet perfect.  Notwithstanding (I just love using that word) the Delicious fare, my favorite feature is his child's crayon artwork discreetly (ahem) displayed throughout.  Some of us continue to draw outside the lines. If you are nearby during lunch time, I highly recommend stopping in for Pork Bun at the very least,  I rarely drive threw or leave Palo Alto without a Cho detour.  A word of warning to those not able to enjoy the local "hole~in~the~wall" grubbery ~.this eatery has no fancy at all!!!
Cho's Mandarin Style Dim Sum from a man who speaks something obviously not Mandarin!  Maybe he's cantonese or whatever... Anyways, if I had to put my finger on it, this guy is trying to do northern style dumplings.  I put in an order for "steamed pork buns" and "steamed pork dumplings". I thought I would get something akin to char siu bao, or at least vegetable and pork buns that have a fluffy yeast dough base.  Instead I got two plates of basically the same dumplings - kind of thick skinned with pork filling that barely tastes like anything was done to it....  The buns were round in the Xiao Long Bao style/shape and the dumplings were in a jiao zi/potsticker shape. Overall, they tasted like I had made them myself.  I make edible but not very tasty buns... I would say that while I did not like the food, I hope feel like I should patronize this many like an old uncle.  He is very quiet, and strangely provides some sort of watered down chili sauce and soy sauce. The restaurant itself really needs to be stripped of the linoleum and the furniture replaced.  But I know, it's hard to make money these days, so... Don't go here for dim sum.  Come here to patronize your old uncle who is selling dumplings, and while you know they won't taste good, it's good karma.
The most awesome pork buns, dumplings and potstickers this side of SFO. The place looks old, tucked away,  dingy and has the cheapest prices. That oughta tell you how good its going to be
I really don't understand why anyone would hate this place.  I've never had a bad meal there.  Yes, if you go at off-hours, I think you'll get a re-heat, and no, it's not as good as it was twenty years ago,. But overall it's pretty good. Don't have a huge selection of dim sum?  Uh, look around.  This ain't Ocean City.  It's a hole-in-the-wall run by two people where you can still get a great lunch for five bucks.  I don't care if Cho is gruff; his food is very good. I like to drop in and pick up some of his frozen stuff for home, but I think that the frozen stuff is kind of old.  Good, but a little freezer-burned. I like thick-skinned dumplings, FYI.
Okay, if you've been in Palo Alto for more than a week, you have to have been to Cho's at least once! Dead cheap, authentic and so, so delicious. The potstickers sustained me through junior year of high school alone! Also the lotus seed buns and pork buns are amazing. Don't go for any of the entrees, they're pretty bland and terrible. But all of the dumplings, char siu bao and everything is delicious and SO cheap! He's pretty fast too. It's a mom and pop hole in the wall with terrible ambiance, but the food is amazing and you can even buy his dumplings and stuff frozen to cook for yourself! I see men in suits come in and order HUGE orders all the time to take to executive meetings, so he's not exactly a well-kept secret, but with food so good why would he be? Just remember to bring cash!
It is what it is - mom and pop, hole in the wall.  There are reasons why its still in business while restaurants on CA ave keep turning over.  Simply put, the basics here are delicious and affordable, and its unlike most quick bite places in Palo Alto.  I've been coming here regularly since 2000, typically mid afternoon to avoid the big lunch crowds. As for the freezer, they actually make everything from scratch in the back, except the baos (buns).    Extras are put in the freezer and sold for people to cook at home.
I needed to go to a meeting and I couldn't find anything nearby on yelp. Then I stumbled upon Cho's while walking to it. I was a happy camper!! It's a no frills lunch which was exactly what I was looking for. Simple dumplings, buns and an egg roll was great for lunch. Then when I left my meeting, I had to stop by for some pot stickers. I just love this place!! One star less for having to wait a bit first round and on the 2nd trip, a group ordered a whole bunch of stuff and they were going to have to wait 35 min. (which they later canceled) I just asked for what they have available. Guess if I had my heart set on something, it might break as I needed to hurry...
Best "bang for buck" in Palo Alto, for sure. The dumplings are delicious - cooked just right. The value meals area a STEAL - add an order of dumplings or BBQ pork buns and you've got a very hearty meal. For around 5 bucks!
This restaurant located along the commercial street of California is a small dinery ran by two Cantonese-speaking couples. During our visit, the man handled the cashier work and some of the cooking while the woman in the back handled the cooking full time. The establishment appears to be more of a take out rather than a dine-in, although it can seat about ten people within 100 square feet. The interior is mostly white and clean, and the exterior is not anything extraordinary. The menu consists of several specials, which is a mix of steamed pork buns, vegetarian egg rolls, pork dumplings (xiao long bao) and round potstickers (beef or pork). The price for each set is $4.50, and each special contains anywhere between six to eight pieces of dim sum. As we approached the counter, my guests and I were ready to order. The man operating at the counter had just finished carrying a plate of food to someone's table next door. It didn't look like he was making good eye contact with us, so it felt like we had to be assertive and ask to order for some dim sum. We ordered specials #1, #3, and #5. It appears that the man did not have all the specials available, as I had to change my order from #4 to #3. However, he stated that the specials available were #1 and 3, so it was inconsistent when one of my guests ordered #5. We paid with cash, and headed towards the tables next door. Our food arrived within 2 minutes after seating ourselves. My special consists of a vegetarian eggroll, two pork dumplings, and three potstickers. There was no presentation of the food--it was merely placed onto the plate as if someone went down the buffet line and picked from various dishes. The quality of the food wasn't satisfactory, either. The potstickers were clearly warmed up from a frozen stock found in the back. The woman was panfrying each bun and potsticker on the stove as we were paying for our orders. These round potstickers also looked like the same brand found in the frozen section of a supermarket. The eggroll me and my guests had all agreed that eggrolls should not have been sour. I don't think that the cabbage fillings were kimchee, either. Finally, the pork dumplings were dry. Typically, fresh pork dumplings are identified by its ability to hold its soup content, and that biting into one of these would burst with a mouthful of hot broth and savory flavors. Unfortunately, these look like they were falling apart. In addition, my guest's shrimp dumplings were falling apart. The rice skin holding the shrimp filling together was not chewy and transparent (for freshness) but it was pasty and soft. It appears that previous Yelp reviewers had better experiences with this establishment. For our experience, we found that before this restaurant attempts to mimic northern Chinese cuisine--with spices and sourness as its overall theme--it should improve its quality of food.  Perhaps this restaurant needs a competing dim sum takeout restaurant from SF's Chinatown to bring this standards up. Overall, this restaurant still fills me up, but I haven't satisfied my dim sum cravings.
This place so fits the mantra "the ghettoer--the better."  It's definitely not one of those places you notice where you're randomly driving down california cuz it's so hard to find!  The only thing I ever order from here are the potstickers, but they're so awesome since that's all Cho makes!  I would avoid the hot and sour soup though.  It tastes a little funky.  All in all, eating at Cho's (if you're eating here in the winter, bring warm clothes since it's freezing inside) is a great alternative from all the yuppie food in downtown PA.
If I wasn't taken here for lunch, I would have never known it existed, and I work right around the corner! This shop is super small with only 4 (maybe 5) tables and a tiny little counter where you order your meal. The food is made to order, but you can purchase the spring rolls and a few other items frozen (which I really really should have done). I got the spring rolls and vegetable chow main, and my friend got pork buns and something else that he said was good. Overall, the food was delicious, not greasy, and authentic. Would definitely recommend this place and plan on going back!
Are you kidding me?!  This place is awful.  I can handle the lack of decor and low budget seating.  But I figured in such an environment and a long history the food has to at least be good.  I was wrong!  The "hakaw" (shrimp dumplings) had no shrimp in it. The pork balls was mesh of processed something.  The food is basically what you would get by buying frozen dim sum at any Asian grocery store.
Cho's is everything you look for in a hole in the wall -- fast, cheap, and tasty.  Unfortunately, they're not going to win any awards for their service or decor.  If you can hang with a fat plate of potstickers and a pork bun for about $5.00, then I highly recommend it.  BONUS: They're only a couple of blocks from CalTrain so you can enjoy your food on the way home or to a Giants game.
I looooove this place. It's really good. I only started going here this year but it's really good. It's looks bad but it's good.
The thing is, this place has been around for god knows how long and it's still there! Definitely a hole in the wall and no they don't serve the best dim sum around, but it's fast food dim sum so what do you expect? No decor nor atmosphere, but you don't go to a dim sum express place for its ambience. It only works when you want dim sum and you want it FAST!
I always come here to get my fix of authentic, BIG sized potstickers/dumplings (i sadly don't know the difference so i'll be calling them the same thing here). Sometimes it takes a litle while to get your order, but don't worry, it'll be piping hot and FRESH since you know Cho cooked it right then and there! They have steamed bbq pork buns too! Did you know you can buy a whole bag of the dumplings/potstickers to take home too??  Kind of a hole in the wall place, don't expect elaborate or even any decor at all. Come hungry and ready to eat the best dumplings/potstickers (aside from your grandma's!)
This place gives new meaning to "hole in the wall." It's teeny. Smells like cooking oil. Begs for a good cleaning. Not the type of place you actually stay to eat (now I know). I love me some mom and pop businesses but this place is completely overrated. If you're super low on cash and seriously craving a steamed bun, then yes. Come here and order one of five items they offer. If you require something heartier, there's gotta be other places. True Yelp disappointment.
Even in one of the business districts of Palo Alto, the rent on this hole in the wall can't be much.  Despite it's grimy appearance, Cho's is home to my favorite pot stickers this side of the Great Wall.  On a side note: I don't eat pork, so their vegetarian and chicken pot sticker options go over well with me.
Yeah, not a great place. It might be cheap, but I'd prefer to go for something else. It seems it's mostly frozen stuff. Actually you can see the freezer as you step in the shop. We took take-away and were really disappointed.
OK anyone who hasn't needs to!  If you luv dim sum these truly are the absolute best pot-stickers and pork buns I have ever come close to eating.  Cho has ran this establishment since it was a hole in the wall and though he can cook sum mean dim sum he is not always in the most cheerful mood.  This seem to have improved lately as his menu encoutered a well deserved price hike of about a quarter.  All orders are taken verbally and stored on memory wich has only failed me twice throughout our long relationship. Give Cho sum luv for me!
I did not like this place. I can't comment on the food, however, because I didn't even make it that far. I was really in the mood for some pork buns, and this place was close and seemed nice. I show up, and ask for some hot and sour soup. He tells me that they don't do soup to go... ok... So then I ask for an order of pork buns and he tells me that they don't have any, and which point he tells me all they have is potstickers and egg rolls. At this point I just said no thanks and left. I think that if you are a restaurant, you should actually have the food that is on your menu.
Okay this is simple... The place is small, it defines "hole in the wall", Its been here for a very long time and for good reason (I remember coming here over 10yrs ago while taking a course near by...the quality and consistency of the food is the same a decade later). I took my wife here recently and she thought I was joking.  "you want me to eat here?" You know that whole "dont judge a book by its cover" thing...well this is one of those types of places. Needless to say, my wife took the leap of faith and has never looked back.  If she wants potstickers now we have to drive all the way out to palo alto instead of go to closer places (like pot sticker king..which we still love). So, you must look past the appearance and realize what this place is for...delicious food, freshly prepared (and it takes some time because of that but it is worth it), and the prices are cheap. Its a great place to go to by yourself or with a couple friends...but no more than a couple because they really don't have the space.  Take your time, enjoy your food and the company you are in...its so casual and comfortable you cant but help enjoy it...even if it is a hole in the wall.
Cho is like the Chinese McDonald's - fast, cheap, and DELICOUS (don't tell me that chicken mcnugs aren't little pieces of heaven)!!!!  You're not going to find authentic dim sum here but the pork buns and shrimp dumplings are amazing.
You cannot review the food alone. Anyone attempting to review this place seriously has to take into account that Mr. Cho is a Palo Alto legend. Something that infuriates many a customer is his blank vacant stare and lack of any response as you place your order, but don't worry, most of the time he will get it right. The man and his family are something of a cult icon to my sister and myself, and we look forward to our almost weekly visits. After several years of this he still shows no acknowledgment of remembering us, but that's part of the charm. Occasionally you'll see him in an especially good mood, and it will brighten up your day. The food is cheap, mediocre, and completely worth it. If you're looking for good dim sum, this is the absolute wrong place to go. If you're looking for quick and easy bao and potstickers, go. It's worth a visit just to meet the legend himself. One last note: while the frozen food for sale can be purchased from any asian supermarket, and Nijiya is only in Mountain View, if you're planning on going out for lunch it can still be nice to be able to buy some extras to have later.
Sigh. I would love to be able to give any place with mandarin dim sum a good review. Cho's just doesn't cut it. The kitchen/dining area looks simply crappy: cheap, run down, cramped. The food's okay, but it is frozen, which makes me think: wow, I could buy a whole bag of dumplings for my $4, instead of just getting 6.
Cho's looks like a Mission District taco shack slammed up against a Tokyo Takoyaki Street Stand (minus the octopus balls and clean factor). It's truly hard to believe this place, in all its worn floor, piles of dirty plates,  one guy cooking and taking orders, and hodge-podge of furniture glory actually exists in Palo Alto. If you squint your eyes and convince yourself that this place is a find, then it is. And, if you have time to wait for the friendly guy who takes your order to also cook up your pork bun/egg rolls/shrimp dumpling, then you will be very happy indeed. When I get this far, I'm all about the shrimp dumplings. They're really good, and a good deal (6 for $3.50).
I've been coming to Cho's for 35 years, and the pork potstickers remain "the best thing I ever ate." Yes Cho speaks in short sentences (he is not gruff) and the soy sauce containers may be refilled 1000 times without being washed, but the potstickers are incredible. The chili sauce is better than elsewhere and is a perfect accompaniment. The egg rolls are greasy and the hot and sour soup isn't classic, but everything from the steamer is superb. And Cho's work ethic is amazing- he's there every day and probably had a bad cold one day I was there. Please don't tell me the dumplings are not as good as in China, I'm not living there. I do know that whenever I make the 45 mile drive to Palo Alto, Cho's is a must destination.
This place is great!  Mr. Cho runs a tight ship and doesn't suffer fools lightly, so be prepared for a no-nonsense ordering experience.  I recommend the potstickers and pork buns.  Can't beat the prices!
I love Cho's for fast, greasy, and tasty food.  It's a tiny little hole in the wall, but they've got great thick skinned pot-stickers (the way I like em) and pretty decent pork buns and other dim sum items.  If you're a dim sum connoisseur cho's might disappoint, but given the speed and price it's always a winner for me.
The place is kinda dumpy looking from the outside, but you will not be disappointed. DELICIOUS dim sum.
Chos! Man, I tell ya, this place is a classic example of how a hole in the wall - quite literally - restaurant can serve up some of the best stuff around. The funny thing is that over the years, this place actually upgraded from being a small two table (that sit two persons each) tiny broom closet, to a 5 table (give or take a table) snack shack that it is today. Taste and value is what Cho's is all about. The selection here is limited, but that only translates to Cho getting serious with the stuff that he does serve. For me the potstickers reign supreme here with the har gow coming in a close second. And if you really dig his stuff, he has frozen-ready-to-take-home packages too!
This place is so so so cheap!  You can get 6 pieces of dim sum for about 5 bucks!  Mr. Cho is super friendly and always there cooking the dimsum himself.  The place is a bit of a hole in the wall, but we always take to go and sit somewhere nice outside (example: Molly Stones outdoor seating).  It is good for cheap local dimsum when you are craving a little to go dimsum.
Cheap fast dim sum! This place is small. Like closet small. He only accepts cash and doesn't want to talk to you. I just want to eat anyway. Great for a quick meal on a budget. Not the healthiest stuff around but that's not why you go here. You go here for comfort food that is bad for you. The menu is limited to maybe 10 items. I hope you like fried food!
This place looks terrible - the dining space is maybe 5x5ft, with two dingy tables and a few chairs.  Amassed trays and dirty dishes/utensils fill a lot of the already minute space.  Service is slow, food tastes...mediocre.  I may or may not come back to try more, but I'm leaning towards "never again".
Being as I'm not a big fan of Dim Sum in general I decided to try out their Potstickers and I'm glad I did - they're frickin' amazing!  The place is runned and owned by an older gentleman by the name of...you guessed it, Cho.  My brother and I stopped in to pickup a quick eat and ended up coming back for seconds.
I've never had dimsum cooked to order.  In a limited way, that's what you'll get here, and you will enjoy it.  I got three pork pot stickers, three chicken, and a vegetable eggroll.  The pork beat out the chicken for flavor.  Everything was expertly prepared, super hot, and quite cheap.  Quality rules here, while selection takes a back seat.  Great for a snack or reasonably sized meal.
I know, it's weird to love this place. Cho is surly, the dining area is sketch and unclean, and the food quality is inconsistent. But WOW, when Cho's is good it is GOOOOD! piping hot, fresh, and tasty dim sum for only a few dollars.It's enough to keep me coming back loyally though all the 'meh' experiences I've had here.
Love this place, and you don't find many places like this in Palo Alto any more.  Best potstickers around, and everything else is pretty good (the menu only has 5 or so items on it).  Been going there for 20 years.  Mr. Cho doesn't know much english, and can forget your order, but that's part of the charm of the place.  If he tells you the wait is long, he just wants you to go away.  Some may be put off by the fact that this looks like a hole in the wall, but if you can get past that, you'll love the food, I go here whenever I can!
A whole in the wall joint but the pork buns are DELICIOUS and coming from a "i don't like eggrolls" eater...I will only eat them from here....Cho himself is behind the counter. Just make sure you know what you want when ordering...or he may not have it =)
Dude.  I don't get why this place is rated so high.  The dumplings and BBQ pork buns are alright, but nothing to write home about.  And it's not even that cheap for Chinese standards (considering that portions are small).  It's cute that it's a one-man hole-in-the-wall, but I think I'd have as good of a meal pan frying some pot stickers from I got from 99 Ranch for 1/2 the price.  And note, don't come here expecting a traditional "Dim Sum" meal - this place only offers a fraction of the dishes available at traditional dim sum place.
Wouldn't come back for more. Service was rather slow, atmosphere was dreary, food was mediocre at best. There are many more places to go for good dim sum.
I would not recommend this place.
While sitting waiting the obligatory 15 minutes for my food to cook, I picked up the Palo Alto Daily News and read about how Town & Country has changed so fast, people don't recognize it after 1 year.   What a huge contrast from Cho's, which hasn't changed a bit in the 18 years I've been going there. The BBQ pork buns are the best -- I honestly find them pretty boring at even some pretty high-end dim sum places, but I love them from Cho's. The other stuff -- agree that the wrappers are really thick & doughy, but I thought that was just a style.  I personally like the flavor of the filling, not the best I've ever had, but well above average.  You sure can't beat the price. But the scary thing...  the last time I was there, he gave me packets of "soy sauce" that aren't really soy sauce -- hydrolized vegetable protein with caramel color and molasses.  If that's indicative of how much attention Cho pays to the rest of his ingredient sourcing, I'm worried. I won't go any lower than 3 stars, because the food still tastes pretty good, and is great value, and the place is a serious institution -- if you're on Cal Ave, you can go to Izzie's and or Cho's, or you can go to someplace you won't remember in a week (and might not be there in six).
The pork buns were really tasty. Just the right fluffiness of the outside bun.
Cho's...I don't know where to start. I agree with what another Yelper said "Cho is Palo Alto's soup nazi". He's more like the dim sum nazi. You never know what your going to get when you stop by. Well, you'll always get yummy cheap fast dim sum, but you never know if he'll be open or have what you want. This place is definitely a hole in the wall. If you are looking to impress, this is probably not the place to take someone. If you are looking for a great place to stop for a quick cheap bite, then this is your place. If you go by during regular business hours and he's not open, you just have to chalk it up as part of the experience. Don't get discouraged, just try again :) Best quick easy dim sum place around.
Cho's is literally the best! The large pork buns are fantastic and the pork potstickers are also wonderful. Mr. Cho is a lovely man who has been serving up succulent dim sum for many years and any one in the area who has yet to try his fare is missing out. The prices are very reasonable and what it lacks in ambience, Cho's makes up for in charm. I have been going here for many years and I have yet to be disappointed by a visit to Cho's. I cannot recommend Cho's enough!
I don't claim to know about Dim Sum, but I've paid a lot more for Chinese food that was much worse. Really good won ton soup and shrimp shu mai. Yea, I know that I could make it at home, but I will get it to go instead.
I've been coming here since 1979.  They used to have the greatest potstickers East of the Pacific, but ever since he made them round, they haven't been as good.  Darn froo-froos requesting chicken potsickers!  What's next, BBQ tofu buns?  This place has lots of great memories from when it was just a hole-in-the wall, before they added the dining area.  I hope it stays here forever, and I still love the BBQ pork buns & postickers.  Don't order the sewage soup though, it's disgusting!
Mr. Cho's is a great hole in the wall place for lunch or a snack.  The egg rolls, pork postickers and shrimp dumplings are some of the best around.  5 stars for those items!
I have been going to Cho's for years.  The menu is simple but the food they serve is excellent.  My brother and I love Cho's so much we go just about anytime we're in the area to get take out to bring home :)  Pot stickers and pork buns are the specialty!
I have been coming here for years and the food is just as great as it has always been. Don't come here for a fancy meal, but for a quick cheap meal its tough to beat when a burger doesn't sound good Always get the combo #4, and it always comes out perfect
I have been coming here for 22 years. When I was a kid, I ate at Cho's because it was cheap and I could afford it. Now, I make a special trip down to Palo Alto whenever I crave potstickers. Cho's potstickers are hands-dowm the best around. The pork buns are great as well.
I've been eating here since 7th grade, and I am now almost 28years old. The food has always been amazing and I still get cravings weekly! Highly recommend to anyone searching for a hole-in-the-wall atmosphere, and some good home cooked Chinese finger foods. You can really taste the love :-)
It may be authentic, but it's not any good. Not that cheap either. Would cost $10 to be full.
Love this place! It is really just about the food. This place really reminds me of living in a city which I miss very much.
Just like China, you pay for what you get. This place is really cheap so I decided to try almost everything on the menu, except the soups. The egg rolls are below average, just like most of the dumplings. The best thing I put in my mouth was the shrimp dumpling. It was really good actually and I think its because they don't have these sitting around like the other things I ordered. I enjoy hot sauce, but not when they charge you extra for it, but I should know better, its a Chinese restaurant. If you are looking for a clean elegant restaurant, this is not for you. No credit cards, cash only, dirty family run place. Think China! I went out of my way to try this place, but it should be the only time. If I happen to be in the area and looking for a quick bite, Cho's is alright.
I had high hopes for this place.  The food was nothing special, not nearly worthy of the accolades I'd heard and read.  I can think of several other places in the bay area I prefer.
A cheap place for Chinese flour products (Mian Shi). The food is not great but you get back what you paid for. They have a few ( 6-8, I cannot remember) value meal combo, which cost $4-$5 each. Recommended!
Love this place, and have for as long as I can remember!  Such a treat when I was a kid, and continues to be one of my favorites as an adult.   It makes me really sad to see anyone rating Cho's anything less than 5 stars - so NOT true so I have no idea what they are thinking!  Awesome food! Please don't underestimate Cho's.  This one man show is amazing.  He always gets my orders correct, and everything is cooked to perfection.  The pork buns are an all time favorite - NOBODY does it better!
I decided to join yelp so that I could write a review about how amazing this place is. I must respond to all of those negative reviews about this "hole-in-the wall". Yes, that's exactly what it is. The reviewers who have said that it "lacks atmosphere". Are you kidding? This place has never pretended to be more than it is. I am pretty sure he still uses the same tables and chairs since he opened the restaurant more than 25 years ago. My dad was eating at Cho's when he was in his 20's, and I gladly carry on that tradition. The selection isn't huge here. The "dim-sum" options are sparse compared to a traditional restaurant. But as we have established, you can hardly call this place a restaurant. Nevertheless, the buns and potstickers here are the best you will find. The potstickers are prepared differently than you would find at an American Chinese restaurant. It is shaped differently and has a lot more dough on the exterior, but oh my goodness, the dough! I always eat the inside first and save the outside for last. I also really respect Cho for waking up every day and doing the same thing for 25 years. I will cry if this place ever closes. Long live Cho's Mandarin Dim Sum!
Cho's is awesome.   Warning to vegetarians, call ahead and ask if he has veggie potstickers.  If/when he says no, ask him to make some.  Accept his gruff announcement that it will take 30 minutes, and take to heart his warning that they will be cold if you take any longer.
forced to eat here on occasion. foods pre-frozen and a ways from authentic. it has the deceptive ambiance of a hole-in-the-wall type find, particularly for palo alto, but isn't one. eat here only if you're not really hungry or picky and have 3 bucks in your wallet.
Chos resaurant is a bit of a wait but TOTALLY worth it. I had the potstickers and wonton soup. Both were amazing. I am so looking forward to going again.
Killer potstickers and dumplings. Triangle chicken not to be missed when it's available. The frozen is all home-made, so it's all good.
dumpy hole in the wall with requisite grouchy Chinese man . . . makes very yummy pork buns and dim sum items.
Very small hole-in-the-wall place with different types of dim sum, tasty, but I have had better.  I guess you are getting what you pay for.
Pretty good pot stickers, dumplings, and pork buns.  Very much a hole in the wall.
The best lunch spot in Palo Alto?  The only whole in the wall dim sum in the city can compete with the best whole in the walls in San Francisco.  The food is always fresh and homemade, and has a signature flavor, grounded in Hong Kong tradition, but with traces of a modern, perhaps, californian influence.  I go for the spring roles and most importantly the chicken pot stickers, and am stoked they don't just offer these in pork.  Try with an orange soda!  Snobs won't like zero style decor and sometimes gruff attitude of the main chef/owner, and don't expect to always get what you want since they sell out.  I am also saddened by how the foil wrapped chicken seems to have lost its place on the menu.  But the food...man...the food!
Just a guy and his wife frying and steaming up some goodies in what literally is a dingy hole in the wall. Just your basics, pork buns, potstickers, egg rolls, chow mein, and a few other items. Nothing amazing, but fast and a good value. I do really like their Chow Mein as it is a bit charred which I enjoy. If you are in the area, or enjoy "funky hole in the walls" then this is your place. If not, don't make the trip
Been going here for over 25 years. It has been amazing for as long as I can remember. Cheap and delicious.
I've been going here since about 7th grade, and never once have been disappointed! The food is always yummy and fresh, and what's all this talk about Cho being bitter? He's a great guy and his wife and son are very nice as well. The picture of the cat on the wall was drawn by his son, actually. This place is crazy cheap, and nothing takes very long to cook. I have converted so many people into liking this place who had sworn they'd never go because it looks so run-down. DEFINITELY GO!
Good food, bad service though.
while not visually appealing Cho's has some of the best dim sum i have ever had, their one fatal flaw is that they are rarely stocked with pork buns :(
Oh my Lord, I've been to that place. It was on a trip to look for apartments in Palo Alto and we were starving, so our friend took us for a quick snack. We ordered some steamed roast pork buns and potstickers as a safe bet. "It was horrific" j says, and he's a whitie! CLEARLY he learned his high taste standards from my yellow-ass because it sucked. We ordered two orders of dumplings and one of the steamed buns. The buns had the ODDEST color of filling - it wasn't reddish like cantonese style and it wasn't brown like mandarin style. The dumplings were so chewy, you could feed an army on one plateful! I doused it in hot sauce and finally said f* this. I don't CARE if my fellow yellow created this monster or that it costs a nickel a dumpling, I wouldn't pay it ever again. It's not about the money, it's about the principle! Bring on the chicken wings and shrimp fried rice! ANYTHING BUT that kind of chinese fast food!
