This is good Chinese food! We went on the recommendation of a local having just moved to the area a couple months ago. This place was great. The service was friendly and quick and the food was delicious. Our menu for the evening: Potstickers - large and well seasoned accompanied with a garlic sauce and chili oil. Pork Bun - Big thumbs up from my son who is quite the pork bun connoisseur :D. Won Ton Soup (for one) - My daughter gave this a thumbs down and did not eat it. I tried it and liked it a lot but I can see why a child might not like it. It was not like most Won Ton soups out there. It had a lot of stuff in there around the Won Tons like bbq pork and cabbage. It's a good soup but be warned if you're thinking of ordering it for small children. Maybe ask them to leave out the extra stuff :) Chicken Fried Rice - Classic, well seasoned, and tasty. General's Chicken - This was a such a big hit with the whole family we ordered a second helping! The chicken was crispy and the sauce was not overpowering but definitely lived up to the spicy and tangy description. Since we ordered so many appetizers we decided on only one entree for the table so we haven't tried any of the other dishes yet. We will be back to give them a try :) One last point: $55 for the four person meal was well worth the money.
I've driven by Chef Chu's many a time, and have always wanted to give this place a try. I finally convinced my coworkers to come here for lunch, and we were able to expense it, which is even better! We had a big group, and ordered a lot of dishes: -Boiled Won Tons & Spicy Peanut Sauce (Won Tons Served Over Shredded Lettuce w/Spicy Sichuan Peanut Sauce, $7.95): Eh, skip. The won tons were just so-so and the sauce was terrible. It wasn't even remotely spicy! -Chef Chu's Famous Chicken Salad (Shredded Skinless Fried Chicken, Lettuce, Carrot, Scallions & Cilantro w/Hot Mustard Peanuts & Crispy Rice Noodles, $8.95): Okay.. They gave us extra dressing for the salad, which was good since it was very underdressed. I was expecting more of a spicy mustard kick in the salad, but it was on the bland side. It tasted better with additional dressing, but I wouldn't order this again. -Mongolian Beef (Sliced Beef Filet Sauteed w/Scallions & Ginger, $10.95): Okay. Nothing special, but the quality of the beef was decent and it was tender. -Orange Blossom Ribs (Pork Ribs Baked in Red Fermented Bean Curd, Orange, Star Anise, Sweetened Soy Sauce, $12.95): Pretty good! The ribs were tender, not too much fat or sinewy meat. I wasn't in love with the sauce, but enjoyed this dish. -Pillow Tofu (Crushed Tofu Blended w/Shrimp Paste, Deep-Fried and Topped w/Savory Oyster Sauce, $8.95): Surprisingly good. I would re-order this dish. The tofu was definitely pillowly, with a nice crust on the outside. -Jumbo Prawns w/Candied Pecans (Deep-Fried Prawns w/Mustard Mayonnaise, Garnished w/Candied Pecans, $14.95): Apparently, only 8 prawns come in an order, so we had to order two. The prawns were a good size, but they changed the original Honey Walnut Prawn recipe too much for my liking. The pecans were a nice change, but there was too much sauce, and they also added apple chunks to the dish. However, my coworkers really liked differences, so you'll have to order this dish and decide for yourself which version you like better! -Yee Mein (Soft Egg Noodles, Stir-Fried and Tossed in a Light Sauce w/Crab Meat and Chinese Chives, $13.95): Pretty good. They use actual crab meat which is nice, but I probably wouldn't order this dish again. -Classic Peking Duck (Four Hours Notice, One Course Duck $32.00, Two Course Duck, Add $6.00): They claim that this is the best Peking Duck in town, and I would probably agree since there aren't many restaurants in Los Altos that serve this dish. The skin was crispy and the meat was cooked well, but eaten alone it was on the bland side. I liked the buns, but wished they were a bit smaller so you didn't fill up on it. We opted for a second course of duck, and they made a soup which was brought out at the end. It was a good soup, very rich tasting, but by then we were too full to really eat it. Stick with the one course duck! Overall, Chef Chu's is what I expected- Americanized Chinese food that is pricier than the hole in the wall places. However, the higher prices translate to much better service, so if you enjoy the servers putting together your Peking duck bun together, and getting new plates throughout the meal, this is a great place to go! It was surprisingly busy on a weekday for lunch, as a lot of companies probably come here, so reservations are highly recommended.
Love the chicken salad! One of the best Chinese chicken salads I've ever had. Pretty simple and so good. The sauce it comes with is tasty. I usually ask for extra sauce, and honestly I don't know if they charge extra for it. I could make a whole meal out of it because I can eat so much of it. But I think it's really meant as an appetizer. Overall their food is really good, a little pricey for Chinese food, but hey it's Los Altos.
I love this place!! All dishes ordered were authentic and delicious.  You cant wrong!  Customer service is off the hook.
Absolutely delicious Chinese food! I always get my usual - lemon chicken and house special fried rice. The rice is amazing - the perfect combination of rice, meat, salt, eggs and oil. Not too oily and not too dry. Salty but not too salty. The lemon chicken here is very unique in that they give you whole strips of all-white meat, unlike the gooey balls of gunk you get at other Chinese places. Their noodles are very good too, and portion sizes are quite generous. Prices are reasonable, the wait time is usually pretty light, and they have a large selection. This was rated a top 3 Chinese restaurant nationwide by USA Today, and I fully concur. The only critique I have is that one of the waiters (possibly the owner's son) is very biased against Asians. He goes around from table to table making small talk with all the white diners and purposely ignores the Asians (other reviewers have said similar things so it's not just me). I have dined at Chef Chu's at least 15 times and this guy has never said a word to me or even walked by my table. He even tries to seat Asian customers at bad locations, i.e. near the corners and back of the dining room instead of the center. Very odd considering he himself is Asian! The food is great though! One of the best, if not the best Chinese places in the US.
This place is AMAZING!!! fresh food, well prepared, fast and not too expensive, its great to come here with your friends or family or a date the atmosphere fits all and you will always leave satisfied. GET THE PORK DUMPLINGS!!
I've eaten at Chef Chu's many times and it's always excellent no matter what you order. Try the baked sea bass...you'll be glad you did.
Our family has gone to Chef Chu's over many years - though not frequently. Never had a disappointing meal here. Overall a place with good food and good service. This place will not disappoint. Ramesh
I love Chef Chu's, great ambiance, superb staff and the food is amazing...these guys have it all, and deliver excellence every time.
I was so excited when I read the reviews, figured it had to be good. Not at all. First the place is dirty, my fork was dirty, good thing I use chop sticks. my glass was dirty, had to have them change it and even when they brought it back there was a black speck of something floating in it. And a piece of hair in my plate. The food was worse than mall Chinese food. I don't get the hype at all. Will not go back and would not recommend it.
Yummy! I'm giving this place 5 stars because I normally don't like Chinese food. I usually think it's just too greasy and everything tastes kinda the same, but this place actually has variety and distinct flavors to enhance "classic" (at least by American standards) dishes! I went with a group of 4 on a Sunday night (around 8pm) and this place was still packed. We got service fairly quickly (considering the amount of people there) and all of the staff was extremely friendly. Chef Chu was making his rounds around the restaurant greeting people and asking if there was anything we needed. It was a nice touch :) We ordered the family style "Dragon" meal on the back of the menu, but we substituted the pork dish for chicken chow mein. The Hunan chicken, Mongolian beef, and sizzling rice with shrimp were all absolutely amazing. The chow mein was okay...a little greasy, but I don't think you can avoid grease completely with that dish. We started with hot and sour soup which was the best that I've ever tried. It had an awesome flavor and just the perfect amount of spicy kick. We also had crab meat and cheese puffs and some chicken skewers which were great with the spicy mustard sauce. During our meal we went through 3 or 4 pots of tea and they were always very quick to refill for us. Yes, I highly recommend this place if you are in the mood for Chinese!
Despite this restaurant not passing the 'Asian test' (there were not more Asians than Caucasians eating here when we came for dinner on Sunday), which we'll associate with the popularity of this spot with all its celeb visits, this was still a great place for a classic Chinese dinner! And, surprisingly (because the Chinese are usually more about the food itself than the service - and I can say that because I'm Chinese), the service was fantastic! Even though they ran maybe 15 minutes late on our reservation, we didn't mind at all. The bar had these sesame chips and the host was really sweet (and cute, dare I say...). He was so great with all these groups of elder folk waiting for tables, bringing a basket of chips to them directly and constantly going over to check up on them and update them that their table was almost ready. He was very nice to us of course, but it was really nice to see how great he was with the older crowd. Our server was great too (this is kind of random but everyone's English was really excellent - something else I'm not used to at a Chinese restaurant that actually has good food). She was prompt, had good recommendations, was patient when we needed more time to order, and everything came out in a timely manner. We spilled a glass of water on the table and the host actually came over and replaced our whole table cloth, in 100% good spirits the whole time. Plus, Chef Chu himself came around towards the end of the meal to talk to all the tables. He stayed at ours for quite a while, talked about his sons (the younger of whom went to USC and is a successful movie director - hence all the celebrity visits - and the older of whom went to UCLA and is the 'good looking' lol one who is actually the host at the restaurant). He even left his iPhone with us for a while so we could watch a video his son produced for the upcoming Justin Bieber tour. We all swore that if it weren't for the fact that he's a 59 year old family man, this whole interaction would totally have been him flirting with us four girls! We had a slight suspicion that he was scouting out girlfriends for his son ;). Well anyway, onto the food: * Chef Chu's Famous Chicken Salad - 3.5 stars http://www.yelp.com/biz_... (Shredded skinless fried chicken, lettuce, carrot, scallions & cilantro with hot mustard peanuts & crispy rice noodles. Half $5.95) Surprising good, especially since you don't usually correlate "salad" with "Chinese food". This had a good mixture of flavors and the peanuts were a great addition, but I would still say volume-wise this salad was about 70% lettuce still. Another props to the service - they pre-split the salad into four plates for each of us! Such a simple thing, but a nice touch. * Hunan-style Lamb - 3 stars http://www.yelp.com/biz_... (Thin-sliced lamb, stir-fried with fresh leeks, red chili peppers & garlic black bean sauce. $13.95) While still good, probably the least memorable dish of the night. While the lamb meat was soft, it was still chew/rubbery, versus being nice and tender. The flavor was fairly spicy and was a strong savory dish. * Boneless Tea-Smoked Duck - 3.5 stars http://www.yelp.com/biz_... (Marinated duck, steamed, smoked & deep-fried with a light tea-smoke flavor. Served with steamed buns. Half $15.95) The duck had a good flavor - a tiny bit on the dry side, but I think that's from the way it's cooked. You eat it in buns (like the ones pork buns come in) - our server even showed us how to properly make up a bun since we looked confused. * Jumbo Prawns with Candied Pecans - 4.5 stars http://www.yelp.com/biz_... (Deep-fried prawns smothered with a light tart-sweet mustard mayonnaise, garnished with our famous candied pecans! $13.95) My favorite dish of the night. My friends found this a little sweet, and I usually am not the biggest fan of sweet Chinese dishes, but this one really was done just right. The breading on the prawns gave it this delectable crunch which matched perfectly with the crunch of the shrimp meat itself. Each bite was just a burst of flavor and the candied pecans were a fantastic addition. * Pea shoots (dou miao) - 4 stars We ordered this off-menu, and it was delicious in the way that the most simple, classic dish you grew up eating at home is delicious. A good veggie option for our protein-heavy meal. All this split between four people was only $19 per person, with tax & tip!
My sister ordered trays of food from here for a party. She ordered: Appetizers: Chicken Salad Crab and cheese puffs, pot stickers, eggrolls, beef on a stick Entrees: Mu Shu Chicken Walnut prawns chow mein The only appetizers I enjoyed was the chicken salad (REALLY good) and the crab puffs (It's hard to screw up fried wontons with cream cheese and crab). The beef was tough like leather and tasted the same. Eggrolls were bland and I didn't try a pot sticker. Entrees were good, minus the walnut prawns, but that's only because I don't like sweet food. If you like walnut prawns, then you will LOVE theirs. The prawns are succulent and gigantic :). This was the first to go at the party. My fave entree was the Mu Shu Chicken. Very flavorful. They will be added to the list of places to order from for family parties
In A Nutshell: *I'm not sure what the hype is at Chef Chu's, I've tasted street food in Taipei and Hong Kong that was much better. *Palo Alto you don't know good food rating this place 4 stars. Overall, I had the Kung Pao Chicken which was average...
Best Chinese food that I have had in the bay area. Food is very traditional but they perfect it. Good service too.
Read the reviews in YELP and took into consideration the overall 4 stars so thought I'll have to give this place a try. My husband and I were really disappointed. We weren't expecting authentic Chinese food, just decent food. Cooked white rice - the rice came out with the grains stuck together. This was a real disappointment.  How can a Chinese restaurant not even make decent rice? It's easy if you grew up with rice as your staple. A seven year old can make it once shown a few times by grandma so you would think a Chinese restaurant should be able to do it. Hot and sour soup - way way too much white pepper, no BBQ pork or mushrooms in the soup and no chili sauce to make it the right kind of hot, plus the red vinegar to make it sour was not doing it's job.  No balance in the soup. Sauteed chicken with mushrooms and snow peas in a light garlic sauce - the texture of the chicken tasted weird as if it was tenderized too long. There were 4 mushrooms and, yes, this is for real, 6-8 snow peas in the entire dish. There was at least a pound of chicken, which was way too much. Eggplant in garlic sauce - I love eggplant cooked this way so was disappointed because the sauce was too thick, too sweet, and not enough garlic. Eggplant was also over cooked. Satay Beef with mixed vegetables - can't remember the exact name of this dish, but again, the meat was over tenderized which gives the meat a funny taste and texture. Also, the importance of cutting up meat into nice even sized slices was not present. Service - waiter was good Perhaps, we ordered all the wrong dishes or perhaps this is the quality of the food. I try not to judge a place by only going to it once but, in this case will because of certain things. - rice not cooked properly - meat over tenderized - beef was not uniformly cut - dishes were not balanced with the right amount of meat to vegetables Why these things? Because most Chinese restaurants, even the ones in food courts, get these things right. It's Basic Chinese 101 Cooking. It just seemed the chefs or cooks lacked judgement in this area or didn't care enough to get the basics done right.  If they can't do that, how can they possibly provide you with good Chinese food. Really wanted to love this place but the both of us were super disappointed.
I thought this place was so-so. If a dead spider hadn't fallen out from under my chopsticks, I may have given it more stars. I can't think of anything more revolting. Despite the dead spider, the food we ordered tasted good and the service was really quick. We were also seated quickly, but then again we came for dinner before the 6-7pm dinner rush. Honestly though I liked the taste and flavor at Hunan Homes better, which is way cheaper and a block away on El Camino.
I may be biased since my good friends dad owns this but it speaks for itself how good the food is here since its #3 best Chinese restaurant in the country voted by CNN.  Lobster was super fresh and the pea stems had so much flavor. Can't say enough about the soft tofu they served.  Loved it.
A solid Chinese restaurant in south Palo Alto/Los Altos.  3.5 stars. They certainly have a history in this area, and you can find a whole plethora of celebs who have visited the place before. In terms of the food, things are surprisingly authentic, if you choose the right types of food.  Anything sauteed is generally quite authentic, and they usually do a good job balancing all of the flavors, and they tend to use solid ingredients. I myself am not a fan of things like Chinese Chicken Salad or Lemon Chicken.  So don't ask me about the dishes here for the "guei lo"s...(No offense, everyone.)
Yo Chef Chu, I nominated you to be the KING-of-GREAT-Service in the Chinese Restaurant category! A meal at a Chinese restaurant usually came with low (or even zero) expectation of getting a great, polite service, with the waitresses slamming doors, throwing dishes on to the table, short answers, no smile and less than pleasant snotty (don't bother me) atittude. At Chef Chu...I felt like a "valuable customer" and I couldn't be happier having a Birthday lunch here! We ordered: - Fresh Basil-garlic Chicken in a Clay Pot (three cup chicken) - Hunan-style Lamb - Homestyle Spinach Saute - Jumbo Prawns with Candied Pecans The chicken was a bit too sweet for my taste and as a Chinese, I was expecting bone-in-chicken (more authentic). But Chef Chu caters to a lot of westerners, so they used boneless chicken meat. Though, I could tell that the ingridients were in good quality, I prefer a stronger flavor from the ginger, garlic and basil and maybe a bit less sugar. The Lamb was my favorite! It was very delicious! Stirred fried with leeks that gave smokey fragrance as I put a piece of the lamb into my mouth. yummmmm! The spinach was also delicious! One of my pet-peeve with the veggie dishes is that I like my greens to stay green, not brown and overcooked! Chef Chu certainly delivered!! The spinach was bright fresh green and the fermented tofu that they used gave the saltiness and distinct flavor to this dish. It's certainly not your usual plain veggie with garlic. I really recommend this dish! The prawns were yummy too...They usually had bigger pieces of prawns BUT I won't complain since it was certainly the crowd pleaser during our lunch :) The BEST part was that I asked if we could get a special dessert for my Birthday and they pleasantly obliged!  I got their famouse fried banana with mango ice cream with a candle on it, YAY!!!!!!!! Thank you!!! We also asked one of the waiter to take a group photo and the waiter did not rush at all and even took a couple extra without us asking for it! We spent about $80 for the meal, not cheap for Chinese food (also the portion was quiet small even though we ordered ala carte and not the lunch special). But for the wonderful experience dining here, I will certainly come back more often! Thanks Chef Chu, keep up the great work!
Sorry for sounding racist but the guy up front never talks To the Asians that visit the restaurant. He talks up every white family like they're all his best friend. Even had the Chinese wait staff kill their Chinese accents to sound more white. The second my wife spoke Chinese their faces lit up. Of course the tall dude still didn't recognize our presence. Only reason we came back was because my wife was celebrating a special event.
Why one star when the food is so great? because of the way the front staff treated us. We had great... Read more 
I came here last week with one of my best friends and her baby boy (11 months). When I arrived, he was in his high chair flirting with the waitress, who was playing with his toes. I thought it was adorable! The waitress was super helpful when we were undecided (the menu is HUGE), and we managed to narrow it down. She showed us how to make the mu shu wraps so that we could serve ourselves, and was on top of keeping our drinks filled to the brim. This place has never disappointed me, and the food is always delicious. At one point, my friend fed the baby some rice with her chopsticks. The waitress noticed and brought a spoon, thinking she could use some help. Then we all had a good laugh as the baby delicately put his mouth around the chopsticks and ate the rice. Like I said, I've never been disappointed by this place. But I was so pleasantly surprised by our service last week, and how much our waitress was laughing and smiling with the baby.
Loved the pot stickers.  Service was fast and quick.  Food was delicious. Extra parking a block or so away if the main lot is full.
One of the top 50 Chinese restaurants in the US? ( http://english.cntv.cn/2... ) Not in my opinion. That being said, I still think this place is alright. The host mentioned they specialize in Hunan and Sichuan style cooking. However, as the article says, and a visual inspection of the patrons confirms, this restaurant does cater to the American palate. Made reservations with a party of 4 for 7:30. Everyone at my party arrived at 7:40, and we probably waited another 10 min or so for our table to be ready. What we ordered: 1) Manila clams in black bean sauce: Clams filled out the shell nicely 2) Hunan style tofu: Good flavors and the consensus for best dish. Ironically the cheapest one we ordered as well 3) Basil Beef Clay pot: More like a sizzling platter than a traditional clay pot. Beef was tender. 4) Yee-mein noodles with crab meat: Thinner than we're used to. Not much crab to be seen, but it did definitely have a crab flavor. 5) Pea sprouts (Do miao... or however it's spelled in chinese pin yin): NOT the baby sized ones we were all used to having. Same flavor though. Portions sizes were a bit on the smaller size, but acceptable. The dishes we ordered ranged from $10-15, though there are a lot of options cheaper and lot more expensive than that. Food was tasty and well prepared, but a bit more expensive than I'm used to paying at Chinese restaurants. Service was good, and I noticed the entire staff is Chinese, from the host(ess), to the servers, to the chefs (legit!). White rice is $1.75 per person, and they mistakenly charged us for this when we did not order any. Luckily I caught this after I gave them my credit card, but before I signed. Waiter quickly came back and corrected it and apologized for the mistake. Parking can also be tricky if it's crowded. If I'm in the mood for Chinese this wouldn't be near the top of my list, but I would like to come back and try their sichaun dishes with friends that are willing to try the spicy "ma-la" flavors. 3 stars.
Food is solid. In terms of traditional, non-inventive, textbook Chinese, this place rocks homeland flavors. 5 Stars But bathrooms are disgusting, restaurant is run down, and service is meh.
Best sweet and sour soup of my life. Everything is great. Nice staff too
I still remember the days back when I was a wee one...we love Chef Chu's....well, of course, they were probably the only decent Chinese restaurant back in those days. We have great memories dining there....their fried wontons....the red sweet and sour sauce.... :) Last we dined there with our folks and our wee one?  Hmmm...was a little heavy on the grease....not as great as I remembered... But it's still filled with the lovely memories, the owner greeting us kindly...us being one of the only Chinese families dining there....he actually recognized us most of the time...last time we went, we were greeted by his son....we think...if not, he sure looks like the owner! We drove down for lunch yesterday only to find them closed for lunch....I should have called first....oh well, better luck next time!
I came again here for dinner last night, and I realized, this place is just alright. Very americanized, but huge menu of course. We had reservations and were seated upstairs. There were only 5 of us, and there were a few large parties. Our table was near two of the large parties, and the waiters kept running into our chairs, without apologizing. We tried to scoot in as much as we could, but I was still banged from right and left. So irritating. Our waiter was also not as attentitve as I had experienced during my last visit, so I had rated this place high due to service, but it seems like upstairs, the service is horrible. Also, they really should invest in some new water glasses, especially since this place does so well. Surely they can afford it. They are filthy looking. I love my ice water, but even I did not want to drink out of that cup. We ordered cocktails and wine, and my shanghai cosmopolitan was average. I felt our waiter was a bit rude and pushy as he was taking our orders. We didn't want to do family style, but he assumed so. We ordered the pu-pu platter, partly because it's fun to say, and also, everything looked good. We ordered 2 of these, as one order serves 2, and they gave four of us, 1 crab and cheese puff (good, but isnt it always?!), one fried shrimp (eh, it was just ok), and a chicken skewer (tender, meat fell off the stick). I also tried one of the veggie spring rolls, it was your typical vegetarian egg roll. The sweet sauce they provide is good, the hot mustard one is HOT! I ordered the pepper beef, due to everyone's raves about it, and I felt like eating beef. It's very saucy, a bit too sweet for me. So I ate a little piece, and it was tender and good. But the other chunks were so huge, and I didn't feel like biting into each peppered piece, so I asked for a knife. As I cute a larger piece open, it was completely RAW. like RED BLOODY raw. I'd understand if I was at a steakhouse, but with chinese food, come on! Not going to risk eating rare meat. I was so disgusted, and I showed the waiter. He took it back, and it was gone for a LONG time. Like, the party I was with was done with their dinner by the time my meat finally came out. Which of course I was worried if then the meat was going to be OVERdone. During the wait, I sampled the shrimp fried rice, which was just average again. I could seem some of the shrimps had not been completely de-veined either. Gross. My friend's kung pao chicken looked like it mainly had water chestnuts, and the general tsao's chicken tasted like Panda Express' orange chicken. When my meat came back, I didn't really feel like eating it, as all the other foods had settled by then. Also, my party was all done eating and didn't want to hold them up. All in all, experience here was not so great this time. If I ever came back, it'd be just for the chinese chicken salad.
I remember having Chef Chu's catered to our work all the way in San Jose. 6 years later, all I can... Read more 
We've been going to Chef Chu for over 15 years now and continue to love it. We've become regular fans of the Chicken Salad, the Tea Smoked Duck, their soups and the Beef Chow-Fun. Really there isn't anything on the menu that we dislike.
Chef Chu's is another Peninsuna institution, having served up Chinese cuisine to the Bay Area for over 20 years.  Growing up, I only went here a handful of times, but always found it to be a bit Americanized. It remains extremely popular and Chu has rightfully gained a loyal following around the area. Weekend nights are particularly busy and the clientele is a reflection of the area; older, affluent, and mainly Caucasians. We came on an early Saturday and the parking lot was a challenge.  Luckily seating was easy, but by the time we left, families and older couples from the area were lining up. The menu consists of a broad range of dishes but we decided to sample some of Chef Chu's signature items.  Service is particularly friendly and helpful and especially nice for those who've never had Chinese cuisine (are there still those in the Bay Area???).  Chef Chu himself came out to help a particularly novice couple order and his son also checked in constantly, both nice touches. (as a side note, Chu's other son is a Hollywood director and headlined several popular movies). Besides the friendly service, a broad drink selection, multiple options such as brown rice, less oil, etc., and novice friendly selections like pu pu platters, moo shoo pork, and crab and cheese puffs cater to the clientele. Fortunately, many authentic dishes are offered as well, especially in the signature dish selection, and we sampled a few: Hot and sour soup - one of two options offered for individual order.  Won ton soup is the other. A bit lukewarm when served, but did have several large shrimp which was a nice surprise. Home style spinach - a very authentic mix of fermented tofu, garlic and spinach.  Nicely done and just as nice to see a nearby couple order it because ours looked good. Jumbo Prawns with Candied Pecans - the popular honey walnut prawns but with a few twists.  Pecans instead of walnuts and a sauce with a nice hint of mustard and less mayonnaise.  Thought the wok heat could have been better as the dish also came warm. Sichuan Village-style Clay Pot - piping hot clay pot we chose with pork. Great tofu, thinly sliced pork, and tasty flavor although perhaps a tad salty.  I enjoyed it though. Overall, it was nice to try Chef Chu's again after so many years.  He's clearly hit on a successful formula to draw the crowds.  The food was a bit hit and miss and I thought in particular the heat could have been better, especially given the reputation (heat is a critical component to Chinese food).  The corner location, a stalwart of the community, revealed a bit more modest interior given my recollection and what I expected. While Chef Chu's is popular with the locals, I can't help but feel the competition has gotten so much better than when he opened 20 years ago. Cooking Papa, Jade Cathay, and Taipan are but a few of the diverse price point places that I all think hit the mark more consistently. Chef Chu's accepts all credit cards, including American Express.
Chef Chu's is a local celebrity! I mean if the Biebs has been there, it's pretty much legendary... I kid! I kid! No need for the pitchforks people. Seriously though. It's a culinary institution nestled into sleepy, suburban Los Altos. Adorned on the walls when you enter are pictures of the owner with a number of celebrities (including the Biebs). If you can't tell by the other reviews, this place is adored by the locals as well. For those loyal fans, they can get $28 off after the purchase of ten entrees or $50 off after the purchase of twenty. All you have to do is register with the loyalty program they share with the Armadillo WIlly's next door! Everything I've had on their menu has been great. Some things are exceptional, but most good. The portions are perfect for family style meals. I would recommend the sliced bbq pork, eggplant in garlic sauce, hot and sour soup, and honey walnut prawns. However, what I would REALLY like to try is the peking duck, but you have to call four hours in advance for them to prepare it - THAT'S LEGIT. Chef Chu's also has fantastic service. When they noticed us trying to figure out if the hot and sour soup had red meat in it for one of our coworkers, they immediately brought him another bowl of vegetarian hot and sour soup. That's awesome! Thanks for being so accommodating! I'll definitely be back, and you shouldn't even think twice about trying this place.
Credit where credit is due. We are regulars at Chef Chus- once a week I must confess. Edwin is fantastic in the bar while waiting on my carryout. He greets me by name, knows my beverage of choice and knows my son's name and always has water waiting for him. Our last 5 visits were marginal until tonight. When this place is busy, it is ROCKING! Usually the food quality suffers a bit as they are pumping out orders. Tonight that changed! I waited a bit longer but the food was exceptional! It may have been an extra 5 minutes but the quality of the food improved exponentially and I enjoyed the charming atmosphere just a bit more. Kudos to the team! I'm sure I'm not the only one willing to wait a few extra minutes to enjoy your exceptional fare! Nicely done!
The best dish is the Generals Chicken. The Chicken salad is good and the Mu Shu Veggie is amazing with the plum sauce. The upstairs is gorgeous - though rarely get seated there.
me: so where are we having dinner? bf: let's go to justin bieber's favorite Chinese restaurant! me: err...say what? (o_O)??? Apparently, many of the bf's coworkers frequent Chef Chu's and told him that bieber's picture is on their wall. I shouldn't judge but I pretty much had an idea of what to expect at JB's "favorite" Chinese restaurant. Still, I agreed to go. The restaurant was packed with, you guessed it, non-Chinese people. There was only a handful of Asians. An awkward layout for the place itself. The waiting area is a narrow walkway right smack in the middle of the restaurant. To get to the bathroom from the main dining area, you have to fight your way through the crowd of hungry people. As for the decor, you can see that the place is dated and they tried to modernize it without doing a very good job. Foodwise, it is definitely not authentic Chinese. I would say it's more Hong Kong style catered towards American palates. Ingredients were dialed down and things were more recognizable for non-Chinese customers. Dining with my non-Chinese bf at a Chinese place is always a struggle. I want authentic, he wants American. We ended up ordering crab & cheese puffs, hot & sour soup, HK style pan fried noodles, and Chef Chu's lovers' prawns. My ranking of best to least favorite: 1) Hot & sour soup. Not as hot as I liked, but filled with lots of ingredients. 2) Crab & cheese puffs. Yes, I'm just as surprised as you are. You can really taste the crab in the puffs. And they were served hot and fresh. 3) HK style pan fried noodles. This would've been #2 if it wasn't drenched in sauce and resulting in very soggy noodles. 4) Chef Chu's lovers' prawn. Recommended by our server, the prawns were served 2 ways, in a light wine sauce, and in spicy chili garlic sauce. I understand that they were meant to be 2 different styles, but there was no cohesion. The spicy one was Asian style whereas the light wine one tasted like we should be eating it with pasta. Also, the prawns were mushy, so that didn't help. I can understand the appeal of this place. But it is definitely not for me and my tastebuds. Even the panda-express loving bf said the food is meh.
Steve Young, George Schultz, and Paul Brest can't be wrong about Chu's Yuen Pao and 8 Treasure Squab. Don't miss the Sichuan clay pot, Hunan beef, and pan-seared lamb. San Antone & Camino
We eat here at least 3 times per week. lOVE it in every way!!!! When Larry Chu himself visits, the food becomes phenomenally better. We even order the combination Chow Fun without veggies for oUr kids... We give up... They think the mere sight of stir fried onions and bean sprouts are revolting... But their large Peking duck is awesome!!!!!
Wow.  Their hot and sour soup is really something else.  They are definitely not cutting corners with the ingredients like everyone else - they actually add pork and shrimp in the soup!  Shocking.  :) Aside from that, I'd also highly recommend the Basil beef.  Really high qualify beef.  Seriously.
Fantastic service.  Let me repeat that - FANTASTIC service. Yes, I just said that about a Chinese... Read more 
I admit I've been spoiled by the delicious Chinese food available in San Gabriel Valley - but food at Chef Chu's definitely doesn't match all the broo-ha-ha and celebrity the restaurant has received. Food was mostly very oily and flat in flavor. My friend and I got the eggplant in garlic sauce, clams in black bean sauce and the crispy Sichuan beef. The eggplant didn't taste like anything - the garlic sauce just didn't seep into it at all. The clams were definitely fresh, but tasted like they weren't thoroughly washed. The beef was alright, but had none of the flavor I've learned to associate with Sichuan food. The food is a plus if you like really saucy entrees, but the sauce and the rest of the ingredients didn't meld together very well. As for the other notes, the service was nice and prompt, the cleanliness was a tad questionable, and the decor seemed super old school. If you have to wait, check out all the pictures on the wall of the celebrities who've gone to Chef Chu's. The list of people is impressive!
From point of view of authenticity - one star. Totally Americanized Chinese food but much improved presentation. Su Hong is a much better choice if you want authentic Chinese food. Bottom line - This place is for Americans.
NOT your typical Chinese restaurant , let's be honest they aren't the most attentive. They are dedicated to hospitality and high quality food , there's no need to say more .
Service- 2 Food-0 Quality-2 Atmosphere-5
Best Chinese food in South Bay!
Food: 2, Service: 4 Ate here for lunch after finding it on Yelp.  The hot and sour soup was OK, but it was disappointing to learn that they skimp on ingredients at lunch, saving the meat and wood ear mushrooms for the dinner crowd.  The grilled salmon with black bean sauce was OK, but more well done that one would expect a Chinese restaurant to prepare it.  Everything just seemed a little bland.  I should have known when I looked around, and there were no other Asians, and the average age of the Friday lunchtime crowd was early 60s.  Seriously!  I did see a Mom and her kids come in though, as I was leaving.
Frankly, I am amazed at the glowing reviews this restaurant gets.  It has been 20 years since we first dined here, and after tonight's dinner I now remember why we never returned.  Not sure why we thought we'd give it another try but the overall 4-star review is very misleading.  You know how they say that you judge how good a Chinese restaurant is by how many Chinese people are there?  Let's just say that the only Chinese people I saw were the servers! We ordered five dishes, two of which were their specialties (minced shrimp in lettuce cups and baked miso-glazed seabass).  The other three dishes were braised eggplant in garlic sauce, Hong Kong-style crispy pan-fried noodles, and a cup of wonton soup for my husband.  After the first taste of the minced shrimp in lettuce cup, I knew we were going to have an interesting evening.  I could barely taste the shrimp, and if it really was shrimp it certainly wasn't fresh!  The seabass had an off, fishy taste and the braised eggplant, although plump and sauteed well, drowned in cloyingly sweet sauce.  The best dish of the night was the noodles, and I use "best" loosely.  I could tell that the straw mushrooms mixed with noodles and vegetables were from a can; they had that distinctive "tin" flavor.  When I bit into the mushroom I swear I could still taste the canned juices.  Yum. Service was very good, however, and quite pleasant and attentive, which is why we didn't have the heart to send any dishes back.  I don't think we'll return in another 20 years.
Had the chicken salad and the hong kong styled pan-fried noodles. Both were excellent!  The chicken salad comes with a mini-jug of its own dressing, so you can drench/or not drench your salad accordingly. I prefer this to other restaurants who simply load on the dressing without your input. The hong kong styled pan-fried noodles provided generous helpings of chicken, mushrooms, giant scalops, shrimp and veggie toppings. It was super filling and very satisfying. As the other reviews say, this is great place for Americanized Chinese food (so come with that expectation in mind). The service was quick and efficient, and the prices were decent. The lunch specials come with a bowl of hot and sour soup, which was also pretty good!
Great Food! Went there recently with a few coworkers and ordered family style, their food is amazing! Made me love chinese food again :)! We ordered: Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce: amazing, fresh and crsip The beef signature dish: delicious, with whole pieces of garlic and veggies Sichuan Chicken: delicious! and some kind of shrimp dish. we were way satisfied with everything, can't wait to go back!
I came here with a friend a few weeks ago for lunch and was not impressed.  It's basically a Chinese version of the old school italian restaurant I work at.  The decor is a bit outdated for a place that is so popular. We ordered the pork fried rice, beef chow mein, and the tilapia with mixed veggies.  The chow mein and fried rice were not bad, but I have had better.  The tilapia was actually really fresh and tasted pretty good.  Definitely the highlight of the meal. Our waitress had to serve the entire room by herself which seemed silly since there were two other waitresses towards the front who were taking to go orders.  I think one of them should have helped out in the main room because our server was a bit overwhelmed, especially since the lady sitting next to us was a pain in the butt! Overall I feel like the decor was disappointing and the food was nothing special.  I would come back if invited, but would not go out of my way and I'm not sure I understand all the hype.  Maybe I should go during dinner?
I have eaten at Chef Chu's on several occasions - and recently this last weekend. I am always happy with the food I get. The up stairs is highly recommendable, with attentive waiters and very good service. The menu is very extensive. An appetizer I enjoy in particular is the "Minced Chicken or Vegetables in Lettuce Cups".
Chinese food for Mother's Day? I'm in! I've never been in the restaurant before but I've had tons of leftovers most Sundays because my boyfriends mother goes here fairly often. We had a reservation for 10 on Saturday at 7:30pm. Our whole party wasn't there yet so we had to wait about 10mins before we got seated upstairs. As our party finally arrived a couple minutes later we got seated and helped right away. We order appetizers to start off our meals. For our appetizers, we got a large chicken salad, pu pu platter (combo) and mu shu chicken. The chicken salad was DELICIOUS. The dressing tasted like watered down soy sauce with a very sharp hot mustard. The pu pu platter had fried cream cheese wonton, eggrolls, friend shrimp and chicken skewers. I only got to try the cream cheese wonton and chicken skewer though. The cream cheese wonton was quite delicious! It had a nice crunchy shell on the outside and creamy cheese filling on the inside. Next was the chicken skewer. It was a bit dry for me in my opinion. They overcooked it a bit but if they cooked it right, it would of been perfect. I wasn't really familiar with the mu shu chicken but I decided to try it anyways. The 'pancake' that you use for the mu shu chicken was very thin. I wrapped the filling in the pancake as if it were an eggroll. I wasn't too huge of a fan of the mu shu chicken since it had a weird mushroom taste to it.  ( I hate mushrooms!) We then ordered entrees, tons of it (literally). Due to the amount of food that we ordered, I only tried the eggplant, kung pao shrimp, honey walnut prawn and chow fun noodles. The eggplant dish was just your typical Chinese meal. The kung pao shrimp was good but the only thing it was lacking was the spiciness! The honey walnut prawn dish had huge prawns! This is a must get dish every time you go to a Chinese restaurant. The prawns were very good but the only I was confused by was the fact that there was pecans instead of walnuts! The last dish I got to try was the chow fun. You can never go wrong with this dish. The noodles were cooked to perfection. The only thing I would of changed was the choice of veggies in the dish. After eating such a huge meal, we decided to order some desserts to share. We got green tea ice cream, friend banana with ice cream, almond delight(?) and lychees. I highly recommend the almond delight out of all the other desserts.The almond dessert looks like a fruit cocktail but with the crunchy almond jello squares. It was the type of dessert that I needed especially after all the food I've eaten. My overall experience here was pleasant. The waiters came by constantly to refill our drinks and help us order our food each time. I will most likely come back here again but order not so much food!
Seven of us dined at Chef Chu's last night for my birthday dinner. Our favorite dishes of the night were: the vegetable delight with the spicy garlic sauce, the salmon with the bean sauce and the lamb with broccoli. Three in our party ordered Long Island Ice Teas and they said they were strong and tasty. (I don't drink, so I'll have to take their word on that.) The food and ambiance were wonderful but the upstairs dining room was very noisy indeed! Fortunate we knew we'd be having dessert back at my place so we were able to finish our conversation there. I was thinking that I couldn't hear because I went to too many loud concerts and clubs in my younger days, but my 17 & 19 year old "kids"  were also having trouble following the conversation. It was really loud so I wouldn't recommend the upstairs dining room if you're catching up with friends and family or for an intimate quiet dinner for two.
We've been dining at Chef Chu's since the day it opened in 1970. Neighbors down the street were... Read more 
I've been here several times + ordered take out as well.  Would've given this place 5 stars but minus one star for the take out experiences (which i will clarify below) Dine In Experiences: There's always a lot of people here at lunch and dinner!  We usually get: -Fried shrimp balls: really good! fried to perfection(: There was a great balance of shrimp meat and the crunchiness.  It comes with sweet and sour sauce to dip. -Peppered Steak: this is seriously the juiciest and sauciest piece of meat ever! i absolutely love it!.  The meat is so tender (not hard as a rock and not extremely chewy).  Its mixed with a bunch of onions and mushrooms which helps bring out the favor.  This is a must get. -Chicken salad: there famous chicken salad is great.  Who would've thought of ordering a salad at a Chinese restaurant haha.  The salad is fresh, has a crunchy texture from the fried noodle and chicken pieces.  Pair these simple items with the sauce and viola you have a simple and great salad. -Lobster noodles:  we saw many tables ordering this and so we had to try this.  The noodles were thick (just the way i like it).  It also had a lot of flavor.  The lobster tasted just like any other lobster.  I like this dish for the noodles/flavor. Take Out Experiences: Of the two times I ordered the fried shrimp balls for take out, i was really disappointed. -First time:  We took it home and i was so excited because i was expecting it to taste just as delicious as during my dine in experiences.  I took a bite and noticed it was really soft.  It was a pasty texture and the color wasn't full bright pink meaning they didn't fry this long enough!  I tried a second one and still had the same problem, it wasn't cooked fully... -Second time: Did the size of the balls shrink? YES all i really tasted was hard fried dough.  There was barely any shrimp/paste.  They also forgot to put the sauce as well :( Overall i enjoy eating at Chef Chu's!  Real tasty and quality Chinese food for sure.  Friendly staff and great service.  The only thing i might reconsider is ordering the fried shrimp balls to go.
Chef Chu's delivered lunch today for our office. I had the fried rice, kung pao chicken, vegetable potsticker, and steamed veggies. The portions for delivery were pretty decent sized and they provided many different sauces. From sweet & sour to soy to hot chili. Yum! My only complaint is that the Kung Pao chicken was not spicy enough, but I think that's because they put the whole chilis in the dish, rather than crushing it up. :) Overall very satisfied and I would order from them again.
The Verdict: Solid popularized Chinese food. I like this place for the solid basics I can get here. And by basics I mean: mongolian chicken, sizzling rice soup and stir fry greens in garlic sauce. I recently ordered chicken chow mein and found it a little bland (and not greasy enough for me). It didn't seem like the flavor was marinated into the noodle. However, the portion was huge, so it was a good value for a hungry me. I also asked for broccoli mixed into it and they gladly added it. So overall, it is pretty decent and reliable. The restaurant itself is pretty hyped up when you first walk in. The walls are adorned with framed and autographed photos of celebs and famous dignitaries who have either gone there to eat or met the owners at some function. This raised my expectations quite a bit...but learned quickly I had to temper it. Would I Recommend it? Yes, I will likely be back because it is overall solid and reliable.
Chef Chu's is always really packed so try to get there at a reasonable time, parking is pretty hard to find.They accommodate their guests with sincere gratitude. I love the Kung Pao Chiken and Chinese chicken salad the best. Haven't tried the hot and sour soup yet, but will definitely be trying it soon. Reasonably priced and somewhere everyone should try out once in their life.
We made a reservation and had to wait an extra half hour because the restaurant overbooked itself. Christmas eve's eve syndrome? Food was chock-full of msg. I was hoping to find a restaurant that could create delicious flavors without the stuff, or at with least less of the stuff, but I guess I failed this time in my search. And everything they made that wasn't fried already was coated with vegetable oil. Ugh. The best dish we ordered was probably the orange peel beef. Part of it was the msg, but I think it was also pretty good adding in the orange peel. Pecan shrimp was really different. The pecans were pan-fried pretty well, so that it pretty much melted in my mouth, but the shrimp, which should be the star of the dish, was heavily breaded and fried too long, so that the breading was really clumpy and the shrimp was already tough. I don't even remember the other dishes we ate because they weren't worth remembering/too disgusting to try. The waiter was really good once we got seated about getting to us about water, tea, and taking our empty dishes. Very friendly service. Which was the only redeeming quality from an otherwise 2-star review.
I can always count on Yelp to find some legit food wherever I am! Found this place as my GF & I were driving down to our hotel in Los Altos. We decided to go to the hotel first, and as we were driving to our hotel on El Camino Real, we passed Chef Chu's! It was meant to be! ---- Brief Summary ----- -- Parking wasn't bad but I believe there's spaces in the back if the front is full -- Service was good -- Soup and appetizer portions were big -- Chicken Mu Shu was very good, came with 5 pancakes -- Hot & sour soup warmed us up and was very good -- Hunan Chicken had a good amount of spice & flavor -- Jumbo prawns with candied pecans (honey walnut prawns) had huge prawns! -- A bit on the pricier side for Chinese but maybe not for Los Altos I would consider Chef Chu's to probably be the best Chinese in the area. Unfortunately I'm probably not going to be able to test that theory because I was only visiting during the weekend. Given that my GF and I had never been in the area, Chef Chu's hit the spot for our Chinese food craving. We ended up with a parking spot right in the front and were immediately sat down after being greeted by the hostess. One of the things that I love about Chinese restaurants is that the service is almost always very professional and efficient. Our server wasn't memorable or overly personable but she did interact with us when she needed to but the main attraction was the awesome food we ordered! The Food: -- Hot & sour soup: I wouldn't say it was the best I've ever hard but it was definitely decent. I think it's awesome that they let you order a cup instead of a full size serving for 5. I would definitely order it again if I came back. -- Chicken Mu Shu: If you've never had chicken mu shu, you should try it. It's basically a rice pancake with plum sauce and a stir-fry of veggies and whatever meat you choose. First of all, any time I've gotten mu shu, they give you like 4 pancakes max. Here, they gave us 5! That's a whole lot of mini Chinese stir-fry burritos lol. -- Hunan Chicken: We wanted something spicy to balance the sweetness of the jumbo prawns and this dish was a good call. There was one piece of chicken that was a bit chewy but otherwise it was pretty good. I've never had hunan chicken in particular, so it was nice to try something different. The broccoli stems provided a nice, healthy crunch to the spice. -- Jumbo prawns with candied pecans: The prawns were definitely jumbo and the flavor was very good. I like that they had some cucumber underneath to add a bite of freshness compared the sweet and savory prawns. I think if you're in the area and looking for some solid Chinese cuisine, this is definitely your spot. I would recommend it often if I lived around the area.
I have been coming to Chef Chu's for well over ten years. When I am in the Mountain View area, I always seek this restaurant out. It has the best service and the best food you could ask for in a Chinese restaurant. In fact, I am going there for lunch today. I know better than to hit the peak lunch hour, as this place gets packed during that time so I'll be there at 11:30am sharp! I find it surprising that the trend on this place is heading south of 4 stars. It almost makes me suspicious that the competition is actually coming on here and rating the restaurant with lower ratings. Let me assure anyone reading this review: This is far and away one of the best Chinese food restaurants I have had the pleasure of frequenting. I am forever in search of the best Chinese food, so I have been to a LOT of restaurants in the Bay Area. This one is in the top two and no others come close. I will not go into a lot of details on the food, but everything I have ever eaten here has been outstanding. String Bean Chicken, Mongolian chicken, Mongolian beef, Hot & Sour Soup, Sweet & Sour Pork, Won Ton Soup - they are always outstanding. For what it's worth... Sauce
Came here with a big group of people, this place is a little out of my way, but I wanted to try it out. The first thing I gotta mention, is the small and crowded parking space for this place. Now although the spacing inside the restaurant is a tad bit small, and the lavatory is a little hard to find, and with all the people walking around I feel like I'm in a "Wheres Waldo book" After finding parking, I sat down, and ordered my food. The food that had come out, came out at a pretty decent amount of time. The workers, had been bringing out pretty decently, and everything seemed fine. But the main question that i have for this place, is what makes it so good? What is it that keeps the people coming back here? The quality of the food, seems to be the same amount of taste of what I can get down my street. The pricing? I'm not quite sure, but I'm sure it was almost twice as much as what I could get off a small hole in the wall, and there just seems like nothing that would make me come back again.....that is unless this place changes and gets a good revamp.
I discovered Chef Chu's last week and can't say enough good things about them! This restaurant is the perfect example of what 'good service' means. We ordered the fish fillet in wine sauce and after we had eaten some of it we found what looked like an insect at the bottom of the dish. We mentioned it to the waiter who promptly took it back and assured us that we would not be charged for it. A few minutes later the manager came by with a plate containing the ingredients of the dish and showed us that the 'insect' we saw was just a piece of mushroom along with some fibers from the corn. He had taken a bunch of close up photos to analyze what it was and then came by to reassure us that we had not eaten something disgusting. He also offered us a dessert of our choice on the house. I wrote all this and haven't even mentioned the food - which is delicious! This is not your run-of-the-mill chinese restaurants. You might see familiar dishes on the menu, but they're all made so well! My favorite is the Hong Kong style pan fried noodles. We also tried the mandarin chicken which was yummy. We love you Chef Chu! And we'll be back :)
I love CC because they use quality meats and veggies--Everything has a different taste--Most chinese places the beef taste like the chicken etc. Not at CC--I used to frequent it very frequently when I worked at the VA--They have lunch specials which are huge--Bring a couple of co worjkers and split the meal--I love the kung pao chicken and brocolli beef--There potstickers are outstanding--
Ok, probably by definition, I shouldn't give it 5 stars, but I really feel like Chef Chu's has really been excellent.  I mostly go there for special meals - e.g., birthdays, anniversaries, etc, where we order a special menu (which are available to everyone, but not necessarily just walking in off the street - thus need advance planning).  Of course the food is fantastic.  The shrimp lettuce cup, basil beef, and the 5 treasures (or maybe more treasures) stuffed squab are my favorites.  The thing which makes Chef Chu's truly great is their attention to details and true service.  They take care of you and take care of the details.  If there's a person in your party that has a gluten allergy or sugar sensitivity, they truly know how to handle it and will make sure that they get fed (even if it's not part of what you ordered). I've probably been to Chef Chu's 10 times in the last year and 40 times in the last 10 years (which is more than I go anywhere, even fast food), so the consistency is there.
For Americanized Chinese food, Chef Chu's is about as good as it gets. Or so I thought on my first visit.  I ordered the Kung Pao Chicken, and it was the best I've EVER had. The sauce on the chicken was slightly carmelized, and there were blackened slices of garlic throughout; Wonderful flavor and texture; Good portion size; In short, Yum. But being the thorough type, I made it a point to come back a few more times to see what else they could deliver.  And unfortunately, on these visits I was not as impressed: -- Yu Shang pork:  Good but not great. 3 stars. -- Cashew chicken:  Fresh but extremely bland. 2.5 stars. Not a repeat Lunch specials here are $8.95 (pricier than most places) and include hot and sour soup OR an eggroll, but not both. Go for the soup, since the eggroll is about the size of your pinky finger (and nothing special) On all my visits the host or hostess was always friendly and super smiley. No surprise, since this Los Altos landmark has been raking it in for over 40 years now.
I don't understand how I let myself not try Chef Chu's for so many years. Being very timid and frightened by a lot of asian cuisine, I actively avoided it in fear of not liking the food. Yep, I've got one of those silly picky American palates and ethnic foods frighten me. One day I got tired of only eating at two Chinese restaurants in the whole world (Su Hong in Menlo Park and Mandarin Gourmet in Palo Alto), and read the reviews for Chef Chu. I immediately felt at home when not only did most of the positive reviews said "Americanized chinese food," but the negative ones said the same thing. (I realize that Americanized chinese food is not really attractive to people who actually enjoy ethnic cuisine! I am certainly jealous to some degree.) The Mongolian Beef here is quite different from the dish at Mandarin Gourmet, almost having a smoked gamey flavor which I found to be really interesting and enjoyable. Most everything here I've tried since my first visit has been quite delicious, with exception to the Szechuan Beef, which to my surprised was deep fried and overly crunchy. I'll stick to having that at the other two Chinese restaurants we frequent. Their lunch specials are not as complete as Su Hong's is, but their dinner experience is quite fantastic. The place is always packed, even on a Sunday at 8PM when most restaurants struggle to be open.
Good for lunch. Tasty, not greasy.
Still one of my favorite chinese food restaurants. I am upping it to 5 stars from my previous 4 cause it's hard to find consistently good chinese food like this with friendly service and its not super expensive. I just had a wonderful meal here complete with the amazing Pork Mu Shu to start. Highly recommend that with the plum sauce. Then I suggest following with the Lemon Chicken (think crispy deep fried skin and delicious sweet and sour lemon sauce) and the Dry-Braised Prawns in chili sauce. Top it off with green tea and Mai Tais throughout the meal! So delicious.
For how busy this place is I cant believe it has (a measly) 3.5 stars! My boyfriend's parents have... Read more 
Its definitively American Chinese food.  Note that I use the term "American" before anything else.  Chef Chu himself has refined his Chinese-style cooking for the American palate.  A lot of the basic Chinese take-out stuff, but done with better quality ingredients and attention to taste. I came here with my parents on a Wednesday, ordered the braised whole fish in sauce, the Mongolian lamb, and the braised the tofu.  The fresh fish's taste was enhanced by the sauce that it was braised in.  Some sauces I've encountered before have hidden the taste, but compliments to the Chef Chu's cook staff for being able to work with the fish instead of hiding the flavor.  The Mongolian lamb could have been a little bit better with out as much sauce, because lamb itself has a very strong taste to begin with.  The sauce diminished that taste quite a bit.  This make work for some people who aren't partial to that lamb taste.  Finally the braised tofu was light without any sauce; it balanced the meal with some fiber and extra nutrition. The wait staff is generally friendly and attentive, the kitchen kicks out the orders pretty quickly, and though there never seems to be any parking outside, the wait was not long when we went.  I believe Chef Chu's does quite a bit of take out business as well,  so a lot of the people there are there just to grab their orders, not eat in. All in all, this is the place to go for some high quality Americanized Chinese food and definitely worth the drive down if you are in the area.
Moving from San Francisco to Mountain View this past week, I was concerned that my life would suddenly be geared toward outdoor shopping centers and sizzler buffet lines.  Au contraire, mon frere.   Tonight I experienced arguably the best chinese food in the bay area (I'm a white dude and from Alaska, so I realize such a statement means nothing.) Back to Chu's...Despite the outer aesthetics of the building (I thought it was a strip club at first), the inside is brimming with delicious food and friendly service.   I think the place is famous/infamous as there are hella pictures of celebrities with the owner, including a large Justin Bieber poster hanging in the middle of the restaurant.  Vomit-inducing photos notwithstanding, the food in this place is rocks the proverbial casbah. The "chef's famous chicken salad" really SHOULD be famous.  My wife dominated some Hunan chicken, which was also great. Can't wait to try more dishes and prolong my foodie snobbishness for as long as possible.
its good, but they could have more options on the lunch menu.
This place is great - I've been coming here for years. Definitely a landmark. I love everything I've tried except for their wor wonton soup - it's kinda plain and I'm not a fan of the broth - it's beef based vs. chicken or vegetable broth which that soup usually is based from (at least in my experience.) But, that's just my personal preference - I'm sure it's very tasty so some. Anyways, you just can't go wrong here..I would definitely reccomend Chef Chu's. They have a great little bar area to have a drink while you wait for your table and upstairs and downstairs dining areas. They also have these awesome little fried won-ton like free appetizers which can be pretty addicting. Prices are reasonable, the ambience is good..warning - it gets packed, reservations are a good idea. This place is also perfect for large dinners or events like birthdays, etc. Give it a try if you're in the area and looking for good chinese food in a slightly upscale environment.
Everything homemade. No preprepared ingredients used. Pot Stickers: wrapper nade from hand, not frozen. You can taste contrast in texture between chewy dough and soft ginger-scallion filling. Sizzling rice soup: rice is from the bottom of a rice pot, dried and slightly charred. Very good chicken breast, sliced thin with chicken flavor. No MSG. The natural chicken flavor dominates. Vegetables al dente. No canned flavor in the water chestnuts, fresh water chestnuts used. You can see the black peel marks from the roots Pea sprout tips: Dou miu, very good, tender. Hand picked. Taiwan style pork rice noodles: thinly sliced pork texture contrasts with soft rice noodles and crunchy cabbage. Very good. Owner and his family are smart. Very good execution.
Consistently rated as one of the best Chinese restaurants in the Bay Area, been around 30+ years.... Read more 
3.5, just can't bring it to a 4.  Been here many times, food is always consistent and good, but nothing exceptional.  Doesn't feel too authentic and pricier than your typical hole in the wall Chinese restaurant.  The chef comes out sometimes to have a quick chat after the meal and service is always very professional.  It was a lot better when I first went ages ago, most recent visit was very bleh for me.
I grew up with Chef Chu's, so if you're looking for an unbiased review, you might want to look elsewhere. My father started going to Chef Chu's probably soon after it opened in 1970, when this place was a small hole-in-the-wall next to a vacuum cleaner and sewing machine repair shop that only served food for "take out" (which they still offer). The food is so good that the business was able to expand, taking over the whole building, which now includes a studio for cooking classes. The food and service really speak for themselves. My favorite dishes include lemon chicken, lovers prawns, and mu shu pork, which usually includes a fun demonstration from the waiter. This is where I go to celebrate special occasions, to impress people, or when I just want good Chinese food. I recommend making reservations for groups of three or more. While waiting for a table, be sure to look at what's on the walls: Chef Chu has built a great business, and takes pride in sharing parts of his story.
Hot and sour soup w/shrimp - OK. Pon Pon Chicken (cold chicken and cucumber with peanut-chili sauce) was different, but not a favorite of the group. Hunan lamb tasted more like beef, and needed more char to bring out the flavor (Hunan lamb done right is hotter'n hell, loaded with peppers, and charred around the edges for maximum flavor. This wasn't.). Mongolian beef "extra spicy" was pretty mild, actually. Basil chicken hot-pot and kung-pao chicken were average, but not earth-shaking. I guess I'm spoiled by having really good, authentically prepared Hunan, Szechuan, and Hong-Kong style food within reasonable distance of my house. My tolerance for "average" Chinese dining has fallen over time. I tend to find myself eating in places where non-Asians are the minority in the dining room. At Chef Chu's, there are fairly few Asian faces sitting at tables. Which isn't to say the food's bad - it's not. There's just better out there. For the average Joe, though, I'm sure this is close enough to the real deal. Parking is a bit of a pain in the ass. The service, however, was pretty attentive and if not pleasant, at least professional.
excellent food, good service, nice specialties. Great for takeout since they are very careful and it becomes amazing value. Have been going here for 42 years so that speaks for itself!
Very tasty food. While it maybe on the pricier side, it's worth it. Everything we've tried so far is good. So it's become our go-to place for Chinese food in the area.
There's a reason for why the ratings for this place are so great.  Chef Chu's is AWESOME.  No kidding, it's my favorite restaurant in the Bay Area.  I've been here who knows how many times, and I came back again last night with my family for my birthday celebration.  The thing I like about this place is the fact that for one thing, it's positively deceiving.  What I mean by that is its appearance makes you think it's a fancy schmancy restaurant, and that every item is gonna cost an arm and a leg.  Well, it is a fancy restaurant, and you can't come in wearing a wife beater and ripped shorts, but the prices here are reasonable.  I also like how there's a window in the waiting area where you can see through to the kitchen, and you can see all the chefs cooking.  I've always enjoyed watching them cook while my group and I wait for a table. From my past experiences, the waiters are friendly and attentive.  The menu is extensive so there are many options.  My favorite items to order are the Mongolian Beef, the Jumbo Prawns with the Candy Pecans (incredibly delicious), and the Sweet and Sour Pork.  This place has been around for years and Chef Chu himself has a great reputation in the community and beyond.  In the waiting area there are pictures on the wall of him with famous guests including Steven Seagal, Benazir Bhutto, and (believe it or not) Justin Bieber. I said it before and I'll say it again.  This place is my favorite restaurant in the Bay Area and I enjoy coming here.  5 stars all the way.
Very good kitchen and atmosphere. I would qualify this place as a gourmet Chinese, i dont know if this is a category..
One of our new couple friends invited a group of us to dinner at Chef Chu's recently.  We were quickly escorted upstairs where we were seated at a large round table.  The room was large, packed with other tables.  Clearly they were good. We ate family style, sharing 6 different dishes.  My wife and I, as vegetarians, decided on the Kung Pow Tofu and a mixed vegetable dish.  They did not overdo the wok oil - yay! and both dishes had great spices, sauce amount, and proportion of ingredients. The prices were very reasonable.  We will be back.
Why is it so hard to find a decent Chinese restaurant in the South Bay? I'm so spoiled by the City that everything else down in my area seems to be just a-OK. We heard about Chef Chu's from a friend so we decided to give it a chance. My expectations were high so I decided on ordering my ultimate favs: * Kung Pao Chicken * Sezuchuan Beef * Pot Stickers * Hot and Sour Soup * Vegetable Fried Rice Let me get to the best item here, you must try the vegetable fried rice! I don't remember ever having such good fried rice anywhere. The scrambled eggs that were mixed into the rice were my favorite part. The ingredients were fresh and I could've eaten a whole bowl by myself. The Hot and Sour Soup was also very good. Beware, this soup is chock full of veggies and a little shrimp. To my surprise the Kung Pao Chicken was alright. I expected better. It was definitely restaurant quality, but just wasn't ringing my bell (if you know what I mean). The Szechuan beef was the least of my favorites, but I think that was based on my mood since eating something completely fried was not in my best interests. Finally the Pot Stickers were brought out fresh -- at least that's what our waiter said. I enjoyed the pork filling, but found that there was too much dough and not enough filling. If you go to Chef Chu's ask for their hot sauce -- no the chilli oil, but the sauce! I doused my entire meal with it. In the end, I give Chef Chu's 3.5 stars. I would come back here again..the service was good and the food is better than some of the places I've been. But I definitely want to try more items and give this place another chance!
The food tasted great...and then gave me one of the worst cases of food poisoning I've ever had. No thank Chu.
Spicy prawns, lemon prawns, chicken salad, and spicy eggplant.  All good. The rice was dry and the hot and sour soup was bland.  Slow, but friendly service. I'll be back, as the menu was pretty large and there are a number of items I'd like to try.
Really, I have not reviewed Chef Chu's yet!! The thing that gets me every time I got to Chef Chu's are all the pictures of the celebs who have eaten here. Blows my mind that Clinton, Carter and hold your breath Justin Bieber among score of others have eaten here. Check out the pictures when you enter. Honestly, I don't know why though. The food and setting is pretty average. Nothing to write home about. Strictly food wise, I prefer Hangen on Castro. The only explanation I can come up with is that it must be conducive for celebs since it is not on busy University Ave or Castro. So if you are visiting Silicon Valley, this would be a decent option if you don't want to get mobbed.  Only price to pay is that you have to take a picture with the owner and you will be immortalized on the wall.  ;-) I also like that they are huge and you usually get a table without a wait during lunch peak as well. Note that parking is a bit of a pain but they do have another parking lot behind that not every one knows about.
Chef Chu's is practically a landmark - it has been in existence for over 40 years! But no matter how many years pass, this restaurant manages to be incredibly busy...all the time. It is a very popular spot. I think the inviting family feel of the restaurant gives it an edge. The owner is community-oriented and gives back by volunteering, which is fantastic. The food is consistently good (I love the won top soup, chicken chow fun, and mongolian beef!). The menu is diverse. The atmosphere is lively. The location is perfect and it is easy to find. Chef Chu's is definitely a go-to spot for Chinese food, whether it be a nice dinner out, or just take-out to enjoy at home. You can't go wrong here.
I used to like chef chu's. It is americanized chinese food, but usually fair/good. The last time I was there a month or so ago We were a party of 6 and ordered a bunch of stuff, and  they served us lukewarm/cold food! Every dish was lukewarm. Chinese food does not taste good when it is lukewarm.
REPUTATIONS can be deceiving. This place is overrated. I'm not sure how this place is described as "authentic" and although this rule of thumb isn't 100% accurate, if the majority of the diners aren't Asian, chances are, its not authentic. I came to this place because of the reviews on Yelp, vicinity to my place, and the rave about Chef Chu. I ordered BBQ PORK BUNS, SWEET & SOUR SHRIMP, and went with the waiter's suggestion of the YU SHANG PORK.  The dishes weren't anything special to get me to come back. The service was great, Chef Chu did come out of the kitchen to greet some patrons.  I feel a little bad about my negative review because of this but this place would not be able to stand head to head against other Chinese restaurants in Rowland Heights, San Gabriel Valley, etc.
Had a good dinner here with the hubby.  We came here around 6pm and had to wait 25 mins for a table, but it was worth the wait.  We killed time at the bar and the wait time went by really quick.  We ordered the chicken salad, hot and sour soup, prawns with lobster sauce, and the fried sichuan beef.  No complaints!  The chicken salad is my favorite.  The lobster sauce was good, and so was the beef.  Will definitely be back!
World Class Chinese restaurant. I've been going there for nearly 40 years. It is a consistent performer and a great place for Friday lunch with the gang, or that special dinner. If you want the best experience ask for the main dining room. The room upstairs is for overflow and while the food is still delicious, the upstairs room doesn't have the same feeling.
Had dinner here in connection with a business function, and the food kept coming; one dish better than the one before.  If I had known it would be that much and that good, I wouldn't have eaten in days! Definitely the best food I have had outside of China. Nice presentation as well.
Was visiting the area from San Francisco and thought I would check it out. Bottom Line:- Good presentation and good service.  But average Chinese food for non-Chinese diners who won't know the difference.
Chef Chu's catered my brother's wedding with some pretty amazing dishes. Chef Chu is certainly a master of Chinese cuisine, but what sets him apart is when he prepares more innovative dishes with a twist. For example, he prepared some sort of really interesting fish roll and presented it as if the rolls were part of a whole fish. It's tough to explain, but it was so easy to devour! I only wish they had served Velvet Chicken, which is my favorite Chef Chu's dish. I guess I'll have to blame my brother for that oversight.
Very nice... More expensive than the average Chinese restaurant, but then again this place is much nicer than average.  The service is akin to what you'd get at a high-end place as well.  The pictures of the dignataries and celebraties that have dined there over the years are nice to look at while you wait to be seated... The portions are on the smallish side for the price, but you no doubt can taste (and see) the quality here.  Nice presentation as well.  This place is obviously very popular with elderly folks, many of whom have been coming here since they opened over 40 years ago...
I normally am not a fan of Chinese food.  It's usually too bland.  Too full of cabbage.  Too oily. Chef Chu's is a rare exemption for me.  I realize it is "Chinese lite" and that's totally fine with me if it's tasty.  And it is.
Standard Chinese-American food. I ordered the prawns with veggies, and it tasted as expected. Restaurant is huge, but there was still a fairly long wait for a table.
This review is for take-out.  Yelp pictures of the actual restaurant look very accommodating, next time I'll try to save some energy to dine out after a day of poolside and sun.  Being so lazy we came up with the idea of ordering take-out and having just one lucky person leave the house, yeay! We decided on Chef Chu's because it was only a few miles from the house and the Yelp pictures totally pulled us in.  We discovered via the wonderful internet that you can order online!  This is how we began our order but ended up calling as we had a special request.  We ordered: - Fried rice, not to greasy or heavy so a good pick in my book. - Chow mein, eh.  I'm not really a fan to begin with. - Sweet & sour pork, it comes in the red sweet sauce...not what I was expecting. - Eggplant with garlic sauce, the winner hands down!  Sweet eggplant coated with the dark, savory garlic sauce. - Fried egg rolls, quite tasty with the pork and shrimp. We passed plates around as soon as the food arrived and we all burned our tongues, impressed with the hot take-out.  What, you like cold take-out?  Weirdo.  Overall food was okay, the eggplant with garlic sauce was the winner! When it comes to Chinese food I'm not a connoisseur but presentation of the food even in take-out seemed Panda Expressish...Americanized, still. I'm going back.  No I'm actually going next time!
If you are looking for authentic Chinese food, look else where. Once you get over the authenticity, you'll really enjoy yourself here. My husband and I love coming here, yeah, we find ourselves as the minority in the restaurant, but it doesn't bother us. The presentation is great, service is great and food is awesome. it's a perfect combination of American and Chinese cuisine, taking influence from all over China (food from different region of China can be very different) and all over the U.S. Chef Chu was one of the first few Chefs who invited the Chinese American Cuisine, so it's definitely worth a visit. The Chinese television network in San Francisco KTSF actually did a story on Chef Chu and how they introduced Chinese food to Americans. When I went to Los Altos High, Chef Chu was also an active supporter of the school program such as year book and PROM. I really appreciate those local business that support the community. the wait is long, so call ahead or be patient.
Ordered the following to go: 1. Jumbo Prawn Appetizer - no flavor, too thick batter = blah 2. Sweet Corn and Chicken Soup - little substance, tastes like corn starch thickened broth with egg white, with some corn and chicken, =blah 3. Chef Special Chow Mien - I love starch, but this did not make me want to eat more. Shrimps are tiny, chicken didn't have a great flavor, some veggies burnt = blah Would never order any of the above from here again.  Do not understand how this place has 4 stars.
IF you are in search of "great" Chinese food, look no further.  When we are in the area, the first place my husband and I look is Chef Chu's.  They have the "best food", best customer service, and best food presentation.  Sometimes you may have to wait a short while for a table if there's more than 2 to a party, but believe me, it's worth it! No one else compares. The shrimp meals are great also. The prices are great and the money is well spent here!  I wish they were in my area.
IF you are in search of "great" Chinese food, look no further.  When we are in the area, the first... Read more 
*4.75 stars* I forgot the last time I ate at a Chinese restaurant with booths.  Chef Chu's dining area was condensed as if the intent was for customers to talk to other customers and meet new people.  The booths were along the side of the dining area.  I liked the closeness.  The atmosphere and interiors were clean, cozy, bright, and elegant. My date and I sat in a booth.  We ordered won ton soup, lettuce cup appetizer, and mongolian beef.  The food arrived fast.  Service was excellent and friendly.  The server even wrapped the lettuce for us.  The mongolian beef was less spicy than expected.  The portions were more than enough for two people.  I was satisfied with the meal. The entrance customers could see the kitchen and the chefs cooking.  The wall next to the hostess stand posted pictures of famous people who ate here.  I remember Justin Bieber, lol.
Great Chinese food without the typical Chinese restaurant treatment. My wife and I have been coming here for a couple of years now since moving in the area and every time we come by, the food is been very tasty and the service has been very good. The only drawback is that they do get very busy on Friday and Saturday nights and can get quite noisy.  The wait can get very long.
For years Chef Chu's has rated tops for Chinese restaurants with my family.  When visiting from Seattle, my son and grandsons save an evening for the wonderful flavors of Chef Chu's, saying for weeks they have been thinking of going to Chef Chu's. Photos of celebrities, of visiting Chiefs of State who have dined at Chef Chu's line the lobby walls.  Margaret Thatcher in her prime, Mikhail Gorbachev on State visit, John F. Kennedy Jr., George H.W. Bush, Benazir Bhutto gaze out at you from the wall. Now, to my dismay, repeatedly when I arrive at Chef Chu's at 8:00 P.M.or later, favorite dishes are served lukewarm instead of sizzling oven hot, seemingly warmed over, dry, not freshly prepared.  Portions are skimpy, missing key items formerly present. Kung Pao chicken, for example, usually wonderfully delicious with plump, tender, moist pieces of chicken, after 8:00 P.M. now consistently arrives dry with insufficient sauce and with fewer mostly hard sliver bits of chicken, as though from leftover, less desirable parts.  Similarly, the tasty Mongolian beef after 8:00 P.M. comes barely warmed over with wilted greens, not freshly prepared.  After 7:30 or 8:00, also, the wonderful prawns with candied pecans, a favorite with everybody, no longer arrive sizzling and moist but lukewarm to cool inside and again dry as though prepared earlier. Another recent disappointment, the delicious crispy stir-fried "Seasonal Vegetable Delight" has lost its pea pods, features fewer slivers of carrots and florets of broccoli, showing instead an astonishing mountain of Bok Choy. Chef Chu's service is always friendly and courteous.  Dishes arrive within ten minutes of ordering.  The wonderful flavors of Chef Chu's make it still my favorite Chinese restaurant.
Chef Chu's is among the Bay Area's best-known Chinese restaurants, and for the Peninsula and South Bay, one of the best-known independent restaurants of any kind.  It was already serving 800 covers daily by the early 1980s.  If a resident of Santa Clara or San Mateo counties knows just one Chinese restaurant, it's likely Chu's. Chu's got that way (Chu himself said in the interview quoted in my Hunan Chili review, link below) by building on a core of dishes familiar to the modern mainstream US public, like hot-and-sour soup, mu shu pork, and Chu's signature "lemon chicken filet" (in which his cookbook recipes use Rose's bottled cocktail lime juice).  In over 30 years going to Chu's I've seen mostly non-Chinese customers, like myself, there. I've long had Chu's pragmatic cookbooks, and taken his cooking classes (strongly recommended -- unique live entertainment plus you eat the results).  In the 1990s I wrote up experiences at Chu's on the Bay Area's original Web-based restaurant forum (predating Chowhound, Yelp, and  Zagat, and at the time more dominant than any of those has been).   I ribbed him gently for the celebrity-customer entryway photos, though to Chu's credit, they tend to be of Presidents and Prime Ministers, not the faded Hollywood celebrities that gave such photo galleries such an association with mediocrity in US restaurants in past decades.  Chu's is a reference standard I use to contrast other restaurants.  I've found the kitchen very competent most of the time (with occasional lapses into dullness, none encountered recently), especially useful for take-out of comfort foods like soups and dumplings. A little more about why ***, though I frequent Chu's and respect its chef's entrepreneurship.  If I knew fewer Chinese restaurants, I might assess its dining with more stars. But the Bay Area is rich with Chinese restaurants, some comparing well even to locally respected restaurants I've enjoyed in trips to China over the years.  San Francisco itself has had major contact with China longer than any other city in the Americas.  Its thriving Cantonese quarter (almost 150 years old -- the original US "Chinatown") already had dim-sum "tea houses" when New York and Vancouver had scarcely heard of chop suey, and I've enjoyed good Sichuanese food since the 1960s, before Chu's opened.  Immigrant Chinese chefs have since started impressive restaurants with specialties ranging from hand-pulled noodles to Macanese and Muslim Chinese dishes.  Chu's has very serious competition for food.  (Incidentally, even some standard US terms for Chinese cooking came from the Bay Area.  Experts credit the late Y.R. Chao, distinguished professor of Chinese at Berkeley's Oriental Languages department, for introducing now-familiar phrases like "stir-fry" and "pot-sticker" -- the latter still used more in the Bay Area near its origin than in the eastern US.) Mountain View's Hunan Chili illustrates a restaurant I contrast to Chu's, in comments in my there.
I took my wife here for her birthday once.  We wanted to check it out cuz it looked promising.  The workers there were nice and welcoming. We ordered a Mojito which oddly got people glancing in our direction when it arrived.  I had no idea what everybody's problem was, until we tasted it.  The drink was watered down and rather disappointing.  Jokes on the newbies I guess. For dinner, we ordered the Sweet Sour Pork and Walnut Shrimp because you can't go wrong with something so basic.  The food came to our table pretty quick.  Based on looks alone, the food looked appetizing.  However, the portions were rather small for the price we were paying as others have mentioned.  Honestly we've had better food in Texas of all places.  Nothing worth remembering to be honest.  The food tasted like what you'd expect.  But like I said, this was overpriced for something so generic. After we paid, we walked into the lobby area and noticed the pictures of the many celebs who had eaten there.  I was surprised at how many politicians(foreign and domestic) have been there.  My wife and I joked that the place was probably run by the Chinese triads or something.  hehe To conclude, I would say that you'll get your money's worth at some Hop Li's or Sam Wo's.  Happy Eating!
Highly overrated.
Extraordinary service and their food is delicious. I'm not a hardcore-authentic-Chinese-food-eater, but I usually stay away from Americanized Chinese restaurants because they usually just over-salt and over-sugar and over-oil their food to make it "more suitable" for the American palates. Ack! Even though Chef Chu's menu consists of mostly Americanized Chinese food items, everything (I've tried so far) is well-made and very enjoyable. I would recommend their Hong Kong Style Noodle, Sichuan Beef, and Salmon in Black Bean Sauce.
Great place to spend the holidays. I hadn't been there in months, and when I came back the staff treated me like family, they actually remembered me. I would come here everyday if i could
best chinese ive tasted in California, and ive been everywhere (even china). seriously. i suggest the... Read more 
I was in Palo Alto on business and decided to try Chef Chu's. I had no idea what to expect and found it to be quite good. I'm no expert on Chinese cooking and I'm reasonably certain that what I like is far from authentic Chinese. This was good to me. I started with a chicken won ton soup. It was piping hot and full of veggies and meat (and the won tons). A lot of won ton soups that I have had have been thin broth, but this was particularly good. I then had the prawns in lobster sauce. Nice sized prawns, plentiful and a very nice sauce. You'll want to ask for a side of rice, however. I shared some tasty garlic string beans. They were cooked nicely and not overpowered by garlic. Portions were adequate and the price wasn't outrageous. Don't be scared away by the crowded entry -- it's mostly people getting take out some nights. Pay attention to where you park. The neighboring businesses clearly don't like the Chef's customers in their lots, so park in the main parking or a half block down the street.
It was my boss' birthday and it was clear where everyone wanted to go! Chef chu's. I had never been there before so I assumed it would be just another Chinese restaurant. Now, to be honest it is just another Chinese restaurant. However, what makes chef chu's a 4 star?! Their prices are really good considering the amount they give. They accomadate all eaters (veg. Meat lover, on a budget) they have a lunch menu where you get a great siZe portion with either soup or an egg roll. But what really puts this place on top is their service. They have great employees. They were asking how we were, but not in an Overwhelming way. They timing for food delivery was fantastic, all in al great place for any occasion
My review is loooooong overdue. Weather it's takeout or dine in, you can't go wrong with Chef Chu's restaurant. The food has always been fresh and full of flavor. The restaurant is clean and has a good atmosphere. It's always packed, so that's a thumbs up. I love their Hot & Sour Soup, Kung Pao Chicken, and their Boneless Tea Smoked Duck is awesome. Their prices are reasonable and well worth it. If you are looking for great Chinese food in this area, then I would definitely give Chef Chu's a try.
A little bit of a throwback to the 60's kind of Chinese restaurant with "Chef Chu's" on the china and pink cloth napkins and solicitous waiters. But when the food is fresh and well-prepared that's nothing to complain about. The vegetable dumpling wrappers were a little thick for my tastes, but the vegetable filling was very good. Hot and sour soup was excellent. Shrimp with lobster sauce was delicious. Again, a little bit "Americanized" -- and the menu definitely tends towards the mainstream; but the food is good and well-prepared and the atmosphere is festive. Definitely for your short list if you're hankering for Chinese food in the area.
Very good food. Ambiance is great and the service is really good. The place is a little crowded but the wait is always worth it. I generally get KungPao Shrimp and Hong Kong style crispy pan fried noodles. These dished make me go back again and again..
Awesome food..loved hunan chicken and dry braised prawn.. A must try place.
"Chinese" food for white people who grew up in the Midwest on frozen Chung-King egg-rolls. Totally Americanized food in an unclean place.  I've had to go here for work events and consistently the silverware is dirty and we've found bugs in more than one dish. I suspect the celebs on the wall were eating specially prepared food made fresh and not the nonsense they supply to the elderly caucasians that love this place. Extra bonus:  rude staff and really crappy parking One star only because zero is not an option.
I have been coming to Chef Chu's since I was a kid. Lawrence Chu, the owner and head chef, is wonderful. I can not tell you how good this place is, how consistent the food is, and the atmosphere is just right. The are the clear example of a great Chinese restaurant. I have pretty much tried almost everything on the menu, probably because my mom took me here so much! I definitely recommend this place, mushu pork, potstickers, hot and sour, the basil beef in clay pot, hong kong style pan friend noodles, and the smoked peking duck, etc. are great choices! As a matter of fact, I think this place has the best hot and sour soup in the southbay.
This is the best restaurant around. Candied pecans with prawns, black pepper beef, tomato beef chow mien and a bunch of other tasty dishes.
Great place, everyone seems to love it: the celebrity approval is on the wall, literally. I find their vegetarian options to be bland or too sweet with not enough variety in the veggies. The kumg pao (aka hot) is so sugary I actually took my take out back. Chicken salad is lovely with the dressing on the side and crispy little noodles on top. Black bean sauce = thin clearish sauce with whole black beans and not a whole lot of flavor. I'd say you're safe with whatever you get, but you may not be completely satisfied with it.
Great experience. Really good food and great staff. Can't say enough about how good this place is.
Five star Chinese dinning in every respect.  Atmosphere, service and food. This is a real pleasurable place to dine. Can't wait to return for dinner very soon.
Huge Chinese Restaurant that immediately flexes its muscles as you walk in the door with pictures on the walls of President Bush, Justin Beiber, Gorbachev eating here. The atmosphere is lively, the service is nice, and the presentation is crisp. I especially like the lazy susan on each round table. Makes the experience feel authentic like the scene from Indiana Jones. The Food was good but not great. We probably had everything there since we had a group of 8 of us. Nothing really sticks out in my mind as absolutely delicious but nothing was bad.
Fresh and tasty. This is not like the other Chinese restaurants with fancy dishes. The food is really great and not greasy. It is really like family style. Service is great and fast, but the bathroom is pretty old, like all Chinese restaurants.
Exceptional! East coast Chinese food is such a polar opposite experience than it is here in California. That said, I had been coming out here for the past 2 years and finally relocated here when her and I decided to go to Chef Chu's. Now there are some very good places on El Camino in Palo Alto, however Chef Chu's has them beat... Hands down. The ambience is great, upstairs dining room to a small but very well stocked bar, to the main seating area. Both times we've gone (an hour before closing to early evening) the place has been packed! It's not so busy where it is uncomfortable, actually adds to the environment. The employees are very friendly and attentive regardless of customers. I was "Wowed" the first time I ate there followed by seeing autographed photo's of famous people that have eaten there (couple of POTA's, few 49'ers, etc.) By the way, If you're from the East Coast, get the egg rolls. As close as you're going to get to the East Coast versions. New fav chinese restaurant.
If you want Chinese food in Los Altos, this is the place to go! Yes, you can find cheaper and better Chinese food in neighboring Sunnyvale or Mountain View or in nearby Cupertino. But if you're hell-bent on eating in Los Altos...well, hey, there's nothing wrong with Chef Chu's! It is very Americanized and yes, very tasty. The prawns, for example, come with apples and cabbage and pecans. Not very authentic, sure, but really freaking tasty! Nothing I've had here was disappointing. I am a big fan of the chicken salad and the aforementioned prawns. The noodles are also quite tasty. Solidly delicious food and pleasant service are to be found here.
If Chef Chu asked me to go to some random town in China to get him ingredients, and then he would make me some authentic new fusion dish with it, I would do it. If Chef Chu wanted a new car because it would help him make even more creations to add to his already amazing menu and I had the money, I would do it too. The point is this is my favorite Chinese restaurant EVER. I compare all Chinese food to Chef Chu's, which ain't so good for the other Chinese food reviews I'll be writing... (Just warning you). I have been coming here since I was a kid and now bring everyone and their mom to Chef Chu's if they are visiting. We've had family birthday dinners here and this past year I went to the Chinese New Year Banquet. AMAZINGGGG. I am planning to come back to it every year. Also, everyone from the Chef, to Larry, to their bus boys are fun, smiling, great people! Now that I wrote this review I'm thinkin' I need to get dinner there again next week.... :) Some of my favorite dishes: Pecan (or walnut) prawns, Chinese chicken salad, combination chow mein, won ton soup, chow fun, kung pao chicken, their duck, crab and cheese puffs, OK I GUESS JUST EVERYTHING... :)
Just back from a great lunch at Chef Chu's Im hooked now! I am vegetarian and found a lot of options on the menu. They also replace tofu with most meat dishes. I had the Hong kong crispy noodles, spicy egg plant and the spring roll. All 3 were great with the noodles being the pick of the lot. The mushrooms were very nicely done. If any, I found the salt to be a little less on the eggplant..nut no big deal, pretty minor. Great great great find.
Chef Chu's has been a favorite in my wife's family for a long time, so it was no surprise that while we were in town to visit, that her dad wanted to take us out to dinner here.  While I am not a full-time Bay Area resident, I have eaten here several times over the years, and honestly I have to say, I don't know what makes this place so popular.  It's decent, but in a place like the Bay Area, there are a lot of more authentic Asian restaurants.  "Overrated" would be the best way to sum up Chef Chu's. Service:  2/5 Anyone who follows my reviews knows that I am pretty lenient on servers.  You really have to do something pretty bad to get me to knock you on this category.  Well, maybe they were just having an off night, but our service on this visit was terrible.  Water glasses were constantly empty, hot tea was not refilled, and our entrees came out totally piecemeal.  Overall it was one of the worst service experiences I have had at a restaurant recently. Food:  4/5 I suppose a lot of this is just personal preference, but Chef Chu's food has never really struck me as extraordinary or outstanding.  It is good, solid American style Chinese food.  It is well prepared and satisfying, but I wouldn't rate it much above average.  On this visit we ordered won ton soup, lettuce cups, candied prawns, and whole duck.  It was all pretty good, aside from the duck arriving nearly twenty minutes after the rest of our food, when we were already stuffed.  This was frustrating because the duck was what I wanted most, and incidentally, it was the best part of the meal.  Again, solid but not spectacular. Overall Impressions:  4/5 Chef Chu's definitely scores in terms of atmosphere.  You can see the history of the place, as well as famous patrons who have dined there in the past.  It does bring something to the experience beyond the food, which is good, since for me the food fails to impress.  As one of the more famous restaurants in the south Bay Area, I would recommend checking out Chef Chu's at least once in your travels.  But outside of that, I don't think it's good enough to add to your list of "regulars."
Food is always delicious. Service is pretty good, it's always busy when we arrive but we get seated fairly quickly. This is my most favorite Chinese restaurant.
This place is a staple! Chef Chu has been creating awesome consistent Chinese food for years! My wife and I drive to Mt. View from Campbell just to eat there.
Those two stars are for the waiters. The woman with the Tory flats taking down the names and number of guests should check her attitude. A smile would be nice. This place is overrated. I seriously don't know how it's rated four stars and all these famous people came HERE to eat? Had the Crab and Cheese Puffs, which my younger sisters LOVED. Not a fan. Had hot and sour soup, which was better than average, but you can't really go wrong with this. The basil beef clay pot was average. Nothing special as far as the taste goes. Felt like it was oily. THE SNOW WHITE CHICKEN confused the crap out of my family. One thought it was fish, another thought there was cheese in it, and another thought it was porridge. WHATEVER IT WAS, it wasn't good. Really bland. Ordered several other dishes...just disappointed. Wouldn't come here again. I think it's for more Americanized Chinese food.
Very pricey American Chinese food. If you'e white and like chinese you'll love this place. I thought the food was good, but the price was way overpriced. Personally I like real chinese food more (being chinese I'm biased). Like I said if you're American and want american chinese you'll probably give it 4-5 stars. Hey my girlfriend loved it. --I can't believe people would pay this much for Americanized Chinese--
This is definitely my favorite Chinese food on the Peninsula.  If you are looking for authentic cuisine, this might not be the best choice, but their fusion style cooking is absolutely delicious. The reason I am not giving them five stars has nothing to do with the food...it has to do with the parking & waiting area.  Chef Chu's is widely popular (because the food is so good!) and their location gets overwhelmed.  Parking can be a challenge (their parking lot gets full and is oddly shapped, so I have had a few near misses) and the waiting/take out area gets really cramped, so it can be a little chaotic to try to get seated.
2.5 stars I was excited to try this Los Altos institution, but unfortunately disappointed by my food.  This review is based on a takeout order, so I cannot comment on the atmosphere or service (but it looked like a nice atmosphere from what I could see). Here is what I ordered: Chef's Special Chow Mein: This was okay, but certainly nothing special.  A bit dry and flavorless.  Only positive was that it wasn't overly greasy. Broccoli in Spicy Hot Garlic Sauce: Again, only okay.  It was neither garlicky, nor spicy.  It had a strong ginger flavor that overwhelmed the dish (I don't love ginger and wasn't expecting this). Kung Pao Chicken: This was the worst of the three.  There was an odd flavor to it that I just can't put my finger on.  Maybe (hopefully) it was just a bad batch, but I wouldn't order it again. Just a mediocre meal for me.  I'm in no rush to go back, but could be convinced to try it again (but would be sure to order some other dishes).
Our family has been here for a number of occasions and many many dinners and lunches. I even had my rehearsal dinner here hosting about 80 people upstairs :) Food is consistently good and we have always had good service. I even took a cooking class with Chef Chu himself.
Takeout order was ready really fast! Mushu pork cost less than I expected/as stated online, yay for that :) $9.69 including tax. Pork was cooked pretty well, the dish was generally a bit salty though. I don't know if it's just hoisin sauce in general or the type that they provided, but it was REALLY salty.
I'm not sure why this place gets four stars, was not that wowed by their food/prices/portions. R&B... Read more 
I absolutely love Chinese food. I love everything from the cheesy East Coast Chinese/Polynesian fusion to authentic. I have been to good, bad, big, small, fancy and casual all over the world. However, there are only a few Chinese Restaurants that are actually 5-star caliber. Chef Chu's is one of them. It is no surprise that Chef Chu helped cater a presidential banquet and has pictures with the most famous and influential people in the world standing with him, hanging on the wall in the lobby. I have been dining at Chef Chu's since 1992. The atmosphere is wonderful. The decor is lovely, the staff is friendly and the food is exceptional. It is funny, I have a few different groups I go here with. One group has been ordering the EXACT same menu for almost 20 years! The quality has not changed a bit! Other friends I dine here with change it up. I have had most everything on the menu at one time or another. My favorites: Moo Shu Pork: In all of the world, Chef Chu's has, hands down, the best Moo Shu Pork of all time. It is not just the pork, but the sauce and the Moo Shu pancakes (the tortilla like wraps). Mmmmmmm. Minced Chicken in Lettuce Cups: Seriously, this is to die for. I have had a lot of good minced chicken in lettuce cups, but the best, by far is at Chef Chu's! Candied Pecan Prawns: Oh, my!!! The portions have gotten noticeably smaller over the years, but this is AMAZING! Peking Duck: Wow! All I can say is, Wow! Mongolian Beef: Sliced tender beef filet sauteed with scallions and ginger in a savory seasoned sauce. I LOVE this!!! Kung Pao Chicken: Oh, this should be called Kung POW chicken. Sure, a spicy kick, but the incredible taste experience will smack you upside your head! I could go on and on. Don't forget the Hot and Sour soup and to wash it all down with a top notch Chef Chu's Mai-Tai and you will be in heaven! To top it off, the Chu family could be one of the nicest families on this planet. I always love seeing Chef Chu or now his grown children, walking around the restaurant greeting people and smiling. Chef Chu's will not disappoint.
This place is delicious!  I ordered some carry-out and was definitely happy.  I can't tell you how long it has been since I have found good crab rangoon (they call it something else like crab cheese puff or something). I definitely want to come back and eat in the restaurant.
I've never stepped foot in the restaurant and am only basing my review on the experience I've had whenever my sister orders take out from here. My sister regularly orders the Pork Bun, Shrimp Fried Rice and Crispy Panfried Seafood Noodle (HK style) which are all big hits with my family. Sure, it's a bit pricey for standard Chinese food but it's to be expected given the location. The noodles are NOT greasy and made with excessive amounts of MSG which is a huge plus! I will check them out one day....
Every time I go to Chef Chu's I look like a mental patient. I am sweaty, my hair is crazy and frazzled, and I am always wearing yoga clothes with high heels. Getting out of my late night yoga class, I head over to Chef Chu's for some late night take out where they are always professional and polite. Even though I look terrible compared to their normal guest, they never treat me any different. The staff is well trained in the art of hospitality. The first time I went, the chef came out and talked to some patrons and sat with them to talk about his food and his new cookbook (Hardcover Editions @ $35.78 per copy). I could tell he had a lot of regulars because the conversations seemed natural. He seemed to know a lot of people by name and laughed with them for quite some time. I really like that this restaurant cares about one-on-one connections. If you are ever in the area, I suggest trying the "Kung Pao Chicken" which contains diced chicken, toss-cooked with Szechuan spices and dry chili pepper and topped with peanuts, $8.95. If you prefer vegetables, you might want to have some "Sichuan Style String Beans" which consists of string beans deep-fried until blistered, then quickly stir-fried with preserved turnips in a dark chili-garlic sauce, $8.95. If seafood is more your route, try the "Prawn Saute," which is sauteed prawns with the vegetables of your choice in a light seasoning sauce, $11.95. My favorite soup there is the "Hot & Sour Soup" which contains shrimp, tofu, bamboo shoots, tiger lily buds, and tree mushrooms in thick chicken broth, flavored with white and red rice vinegar, $7.50. I would suggest wearing nice casual clothes if you are dining in but if you are taking out... like I always do, I think you can wear about anything and the staff would still treat you well.
I came here for an early dinner a few weeks ago and ordered a dinner combination. The prices were all right, probably pretty good for that area, and the food wasn't too bad. judging it for what it is, this is a pretty good seemingly whitewashed Chinese restaurant. I imagine it's a real hit with the type of people I saw coming and going when I was there (middle-aged, white, looking for something foreign but familiar to their palate). With that said, if you're in the bay area and just looking for good Chinese food (especially authentic food), do yourself a favor and head over to Castro St down El Camino. Heck, there are probably better Chinese places closer than Castro, but that area seems to have a small plethora of good choices and it's within a stone's throw of here. I'd probably take some of my older relatives here to spare them the excitement of something too foreign, but even my own parents would find this a rather timid highly Americanized Chinese restaurant. Still gets 3 stars because sometimes that's just what you want.
Every family has a restaurant they rely on for consistently delicious food, personable service, and that special something that makes a bustling business feel like home. A place where they are immediately recognized and doted upon, and throughout the years increasingly treated like friends as opposed to customers. For my family, Chef Chu's is that destination. Birthdays, Mother's and Father's Days, Christmas- at some point through the years every conceivable holiday has seen the Kranzthor family circus celebrate here. When Grandma battled cancer and couldn't cook Thanksgiving dinner, Chef Chu's provided a delightful respite from tradition. Milestones such as anniversaries, graduations, and births all required commemoration with prawns with candied pecans, Sichuan beef, lemon chicken, chow mein, and Mongolian beef. My sister and I fought over the pot stickers, my cousins coveted the sweet and sour pork, and everyone always read their fortune cookies aloud (with the token inappropriate uncle adding "in bed" at opportune moments). My first Shirley Temple, sizzling rice soup, broccoli beef- all experienced here. A few weeks ago was the first time in many months that we'd gone to Chef Chu's, and my grandfather's absence did not go unnoticed. Few things are as comforting as a familiar and satisfying hot meal- but equally appreciated were the personal condolences concerning our loss from the host, servers, and owners. As we raised our glasses of Sauvignon Blanc in honor of Grandpa Tex (our waiter still in disbelief that I was of age to do so), we all took in the recognizable scents of garlic, red chili, and black bean sauce and let out a collective breath of acceptance. Here's to the countless meals and memories enjoyed at Chef Chu's- and the many more to come.
bomb dot motha effin com The food here was solid. I'm talking 8-minute abs/buns of steel, solid. My favorite dish had to be the Sichuan beef. Great flavor, and perfectly tender.  The veggies were good, though the eggplant was a tad on the soggy side. Prawns were prawn-tastic and not chewy. Basically everything we got was delicioso! My only gripe with this place was the price. I didn't realize it as much when I actually ate there (it seemed about right for an "upscale Chinese restaurant")... but take-out for 2, $40+? Dayum son. I guess thats the price you pay to be a Fancy Chinese Restaurant/Take-Out Chinese place in Los Altos. Its worth the occasional splurge... +++ Yummy food +++ Friendly Service --- HELLA $$$. Sorry, Bob Barker, the Price is Wrong. Going on a date? Craving upscale Chinese? Chef Chu's is for you.
I have subsequently stepped up my frequent dining at Chef Chus and now order take out from here at least once every two weeks.  I did however actually dine at the restaurant last week and was very delighted with the experience. I ate upstairs and ordered the hot and sour soup, Ma Po Tofu, chicken salad and the jumbo prawns with candied pecans.  Service was impeccable with our waiter being very funny and the support staff constantly checking for tea and water.  I think we had our tea pot refilled twice during dinner.  The best part however was the dessert of ice cream - one scoop mango, one scoop lychee.  The lychee flavor had chunks of lychee inside which brought out even more flavor. In sum, I am convinced that Chef Chus is the place for Chinese food (dine or take out) along the Peninsula.
Chinese chicken salad is the best!!!  While typically a banquet place, I am a big fan of the take... Read more 
My friend Sean is a reformed pothead. I've known him longer than any of my current guy friends. He has known me long enough to have a classification system for the eras of my life. Like the Sexy Argentine Era, when I used to consider Argentine women the hottest combination of genes, jeans, and heels ever. And then there was the Japanese Era, when everything I did or anyone I knew was related in some way to Japan... He thinks I'm a huge jerk sometimes, and he's right, and that's why we're good friends. Sean took me here once. He lives nearby. He loves the food, though probably not as much as he loves Togo's salads. I will give it two stars, as I don't recall ever becoming violently sick or offended afterward...
This review is posted solely to counter some of the off base SINO-CENTRIC reviews under this business listing. uhhh dude, this is AMERICANIZED chinese food. NOT MEANT TO BE AUTHENTIC CHINESE "CUISINE". Fake food. ha!!! Its food isn't it?? Its edible and provides sustenance doesn't it? Then its not fake you absolute dummies. Excuuuuuuuuuuuse us WHITE Americans - and for that matter, many Chinese Americans - for wanting to escape the rants, raves, attacks and catty microcritiques of a small cadre of sensitive post-modern, elitist, culturally-overcentric, emo, self appointed, """"FOOD CRITICS"""", and just enjoy some good AMERICAN grub every now and again. GET OFF THE AUTHENTIC CHINESE CUISINE SOAPBOX ALREADY DUDE. ITS JUST FRIGGIN FOOD.
Always the best, highest quality Chinese food. We've been coming here for 30 years or so.  The proces are 10-20% higher that those on Castro Street, but you really get what you pay for here (better quality ingredients and preparation). A small amount of innovative speciaty dishes also set the resteraunt apart from thier competition. And to all the haters: - Yes, there are old white people here.  It's Los Altos.  Get over it.
1st visit on 6/12/08: Ordered the prawns in lobster sauce rice plate to go. Was very pleased with the whole meal. Came with a fried veggie roll, too. Have to take a lunch buddy here to enjoy a whole meal. 2nd visit today 6/17/08: Walt P. scooped me up from work and told him that it was my treat. So we went to Chef Chu's and found primetime parking! Woohoo. We sat down in a booth and ordered the following: Sizzling Rice Soup with Shrimp, Sichuan Beef, Half of Aromatic Duck and BBQ Pork Fried Rice. All were very excellent. Loved the ambiance and feel of the restaurant. Very clean and the service was fabulous. Crispy duck with the buns..my fave! The Sichuan Beef had an expected kick and subtle heat to the dish..loved it. But most of all, the Sizzling Rice Soup was a meal on its own. Perfect for a winter's meal.  Loved the broth. Definitely looking forward to trying more dishes and the specials here. I'm going to miss this place when our office moves to Redwood Shores in October! Thanks Walt for the good company, as always!
I laugh just thinking about this place... The food here is very good considering its Americanized Chinese food. The service is great. But why this place amuses me is because of Chef Chu's son. Who I believe is the one that manages the restaurant. He knows almost every customer by name. I guess there's a lot of people who eat there frequently. But anywho he has the most outrageous and funny laugh ever. He'll laugh after everything he says to someone like "oh here's your szechuan beef MUHAHAHA" I mean you gotta hear it to really understand how funny his laugh is. "Here's your table, MUAHAHAHA" "Would you like some more tea? MUHAHAHAHA" "Would you like a bag? MUAHAHAHAHA" It's a dinner and a show. :)
I am giving it a 4 star for service alone. The staff that served me was gracious and very helpful!!!!  I've been going to this place since the early 80's!!!  Today, I had  the Special wonton soup and Mushu chicken.   I know it's just soup and an appetizer...but i was really craving for wonton soup...it's very good but still prefer the wonton soup at Shangrila in Dublin!!  Mushu chicken is ok..i still prefer the pork though. Entertainment  was good at this place too!!!  Not talking about musicians,etc.  But people around me...I was eavesdropping (well I dont really call it that b/c they were  just 2 feet away from me).  Oh..I wont talk about them though... Chef Chu's is a Los Altos and Mountain View institution... I will continue to patronize this restaurant. P.S. Steve Young (football hall of famer) has an autographed pic with Chef Chu...
I'm a Chinese person who wholeheartedly enjoys Americanized Chinese food. I've been going to Chef Chu's since I was very young and have always been drawn to the un-authentic fare, especially the crab and cream cheese puffs. My ching chong family likes the food here too; just because it's far from traditional doesn't mean it isn't good! --------------- [Edit] 12/21/07 I suggested going here last week, and my family informed me that they don't like this place after all. I feel so deceived!
Have had 3 small company Xmas dinners here, has been a success every year. We usually reserve that small room near the entrance to the left under the stairs, a very private, quiet room with a large round table and space enough for people to put their jackets, xmas presents and such, handles comfortably a dozen or so people. They have an A, B & C choice of banquet 6-course dinners, I think it was $35, $45 or $50 a person-versions, we always go with B and swap in a few custom favorites.  Peking Duck is always superb-a-licious, shark-fin soup, and some tasty lobster dish, we got to meet Chef Chu also which was kinda neat, service was always very good, scant parking though.
I very rarely give 1 star...but this place deserved it. I was up in SF for the weekend and my friend and I thought we would give Chef Chu's a try. They re were so many good reviews I thought why not? First I dont think I have ever tasted more disgusting chinese food in my life. The place is somewhat outdated and looks like bugs could be crawling in the walls. We ordered Prawns, Mishitake mushrooms, brown rice and Kung Pao Chicken. Someone on this site claimed that this is one of America's Top 10 Chinese restaurants. This place could make top 10 worst in my book. The prawns were soggy. The Kung Pao chicken tasted bad. Just everything about the meal was horrible. I have been everywhere and this place was a huge disappointment. My ratings...21/100 and I Chuck it
Ok first of all I would never eat inside this place. I got Take away tonight (for the last time). Awful pretty much describes the food and decor. Bland chow mien with too much filler, the scallop dish is way way overpriced especially when you get a few scallops to go with your over powering orange garlic sauce or whatever that was meant to be? This place is stuck back in the 70's. decor and food wise. One star just because it's close to me. I won't be eating there again, too many good choices in the area to pick this restaurant.
Kung Pao Chicken is a sichuan (szechuan) dish.  If you want a sichuan dish, go to a sichuan restaurant.  Hunan Homes down El Camino I believe even has a better kung pao chicken (hunan and sichuan are neighbors).  Chef Chu doesn't even come close to "best in the bay area".  None of the dishes come close to "best in the bay area" for authentic chinese. Palate is americanized, but the ingredients are still quality, and fresh.  Preparation is clean and not overly greasy or fluorescent orange.  I remember some rather large scallops and shrimp here last time (many years ago) I was here. If a friend of mine insists on some americanized chinese in the south bay, this is the only place I'd take him/her to.
I want to start off by saying that I usually don't like Chinese restaurants, but I love Chef Chu's! I've been coming here with my family since I could walk . Chef Chu's has a great reputation. As soon as you come in, you will see pictures of Chef Chu with the former President Bush, the Kennedys, and Jimmy Carter. He is super famous for his food and the fact that former presidents and important political figures come to eat at his restaurant in Los Altos says a lot. Parking can be tricky because it is always crowded and the lots are small. I highly recommend getting a reservation. The food is amazing. You can order a la carte family style or you can get their dinner specials. Our family used to order the Phoenix, where you get your choice of soup; you pick three entrees and an appetizer, and you get dessert. It's a about 16 per person, which is reasonable for the amount of food you are getting. All the chowmein and fried rice dishes are great. I especially recommend the mongolian beef, lemon chicken, pineapple fried rice (comes in a pineapple), their duck (that comes with the buns and sauce), their hot and sour soup, and their white fish fillets with veggies. The service here is great! Our family has met Chef Chu, his wife, his son, and his daughter. They always come around to ensure that their customers are satisfied with the food and their experience. And we never have slow or bad service here. Everyone is very friendly. One time, we rented out the whole upstairs for my dad's 60th birthday with all our relatives, and Chef Chu's did a great job in hosting it. The food came out fast. All the relatives were impressed with the food and didnt' complain about MSG. They loved the ambiance and the service. Hands down my favorite Chinese restaurant!
Solid Chinese food.  I'm from the NYC, so understand my taste for Chinese food in the Bay Area is a little different.  The dishes are different too.  I ordered a Shrimp with lobster sauce and got something with shrimp, but no lobster sauce (another dish with green peppers and onions).  So I guess that threw me for a loop and kind of soured my experience, but the food I did receive was pretty good. So why the 3 stars, well I ordered take-out instead of sit-in so I can't rate the full Chef Chu's experience (service, atmosphere, etc), but I do intend to one day soon.  Also, I'm used to paying $8 Max for chinese on the East, so paying what I did made me feel uneasy (was worth the $$ though).  Good portions, solid taste, quickly made. 3.5 Stars
They used to have the best kung pao chicken on this earth but something's changed the last 2 times I ordered it...maybe a new cook? Bottom line: RIP my fave kung pao chicken. Chef Chu - why did you have to change the recipe?!? Very sad.
Best kung pao chicken in the SF Bay Area and always prompt and friendly service by the Chu family... Read more 
This is an amazingly good Chinese place where everyone around has come for dinner in the past few years.  Excellent seafood, too, and great table service, even when it's busy.  Restaurant atmosphere is excellent, and the portions are big, from what I know, so be prepared to take some food home.  Great!  (There really must be a chef Chu, it's that good.)
Chef Chu's - achieving excellence in every way. From culinary to customer service, i must say, good job! I recently hosted a company dinner, which with the help of Larry and Joanna (i hope i spelt the names correctly) - went really well! I was coming in from out of town, called Chef Chu's to see if i can get 15 people in, and not only did they make room for us, we also went thru a few rounds of customizing the menu for my vegetarian colleagues. All this was accomplished within 2 days. Chef Chu's did not hesitate to deliver. The menu was excellent and my co-workers got to experience a full blown Chinese style 8 course (including appetizer and dessert) family dinner. In addition to that, our server, Roy was very detailed oriented and proceeded to describe each dish that was being served prior to it being served.. :) Yummee in the mind first, then yummee in the mouth, proceeded by happiness in the tummy! Food: We ordered from the Banquet Menu and got some customized vegetarian items but here are the highlights: - Tea Smoked Duck- must try if you love eating duck. - Candied Pecans with Jumbo Prawns- I know this is more of a westernized dish, but i'm still a big fan of it. - Black Pepper Steak - tender steak, well spiced, awesome to bite into and a kick with the black pepper! - Steamed garden veggies with choice of 2 sauces - I think this was a hit on our table, but sort of a miss on the other table.. - Fried Fish Fillet with Spicy Sichuan Garlic Sauce - Tasty - Veggie Options: - Definitely try out the Eggplant in Spicy Garlic Sauce. This seems to be a hit with my vegetarian friends - We also substituted the BBQ pork fried rice with Veggie Fried Rice which was good. But having tasted the BBQ pork fried rice before i must say,  it is Yummy. Thank you Chef Chu's for making our team dinner tasty and fun! :)
Yea, it is a little pricey for Chinese food..BUT IT IS A GREAT PLACE TO HAVE a family get together or events. You know those get togethers where everyone just wants to have a good time and good food while money is not the biggest concern? Yea, Chef Chu's please. The food is delish, and I always leave with a 3rd trimester food baby. My two favorite dishes are the rack of lamb and pumpkin/squash with pork inside of it. I seriously crave for the pumpkin with pork...and if you really like pumpkin (not sweet pumpkin but squash like pumpkin, please try this). I actually do not know what it is called..I cannot find it on the menu. It's Jing Gua Pai Gu in Chinese if that might help =] Whenever we eat here, it is a set menu and dishes come one after another. So the pumpkin one might be a special dish. Chef Chu is funny and super kind. Sometimes he comes out to greet everyone, but he stays in the kitchen when it gets busy. He is all smiles! Yes, parking could be a pain. The dining upstairs can get crowded, but the good food and conversation make up for it.
You must convince yourself of one thing to enjoy Chef Chu's:  This isn't a traditional Chinese restaurant. The first few times I ordered from Chef Chu's I got very traditional dishes and was disappointed by how ordinary yet overpriced they were.  Like a typical Chinese food connoisseur, I was upset that they spent more on presentation and location than the food. After a friend urged me to reclassify Chef Chu's as high-end Americanized Chinese food, I realized how I had gone wrong in my ordering.  Now I have a couple favorites here, things I would rarely order at a traditional Chinese restaurant: - Walnut prawns - Kung Pao chicken - Shrimp lettuce cups - Prawns in lobster sauce It's a very difficult mental leap to make, and I still wouldn't come to Chef Chu's on my own accord since I'd rather than get real Chinese food at half the price elsewhere, but I don't mind too much now if someone else suggests it.
I had my doubts about this place, but my friend suggested we check it out. Right away, you see pictures along the wall with Chef Chu standing next to famous people: Steven Seagal, Steve Young, Jimmy Carter, JFK Jr., and....Justin Bieber? It seems gimicky, but Chef Chu seems to be a really genuine guy. After I went to the bathroom, I read a newspaper article on the wall with Chef Chu describing how every expansion of his restaurant business coincided with an expansion of his family - 5 expansions and 5 children. Being a sap, I found it really cute. So, down to business: the food and service. We had tangerine chicken, half aromatic duck, MaPo tofu, and the Sichuan broccoli (American broccoli) all with brown rice. I wasn't the one who ordered - a friend was treating me and my boyfriend, so I gave her the reins. I would have tried different things personally, but the food we had was good. Also, prices were more expensive than a typical Chinese restaurant, but definitely reasonable for the quality. They also have a more affordable take-out menu. Tangerine chicken was tasty, different than Panda's orange chicken FYI, and the tofu in the Mapo tofu was really authentic and delicious. I was a little disappointed with the broccoli dish - it wasn't that spicy and the sauce was very similar to the sauce of the MaPo tofu (maybe bad order choice). Now, the special duck dish: the duck was succulent and tasty, but the traditional plum sauce and wrap was not the best. The plum sauce was sweeter than I've had. The wrap wasn't the traditional wrap (think raw eggroll wrappers) but more like Baozi or half steamed buns, which I love, but not with Beijing duck. Service was great. We were served piping hot tea, which I really appreciate. Waters were quickly filled. We were served the half duck on individual plates served by our waiter. I'll definitely come back and try other dishes.
Definitely a classic. Food is consistently great, and the service is usually good. You'll need reservations if you're going on the weekend--this place gets totally packed! I can recommend the hot & sour soup, pineapple chicken (the sweet & sour chicken), and the beef fried rice!
Ok this review is LONG overdue.  Chef Chu's is easily the best chinese food we've had in the bay area (and we love chinese food).  Not only is everything fresh and delicious but the one thing we have really come to count on is consistency.  We always know the meal is going to be good. We have family dinners here probably a couple of times a month.  Additionally,  I routinely have family that comes into town from LA and one of the first things they ask for is Chef Chu's!  My family swears that they haven't had food this good even in LA! My personal favorites are: -Chinese chicken salad. A chef chu's staple and signature dish. -Kung Pao chicken (extra spicy).  I get this chili sauce on the side that really kicks it up a notch. -Basil Clay pot chicken. This is rediculously good and different from anything you've had if you are craving something new. -Schezuan (sp?) beef. The staff is incredibly friendly and customer service oriented... it is also very kid friendly.   The wait staff makes special "kids chopsticks" for us and our kids love it! Again,  I can't recommend chef chus enough.  Just a solid, solid choice for lunch or dinner anytime.
Chef Chu's is a "more Chinese" version of PF Changs, in my opinion.  The food was mediocre, the service was fantastic, and that's really all I have to say. Oh wait, one more thing.  The chicken salad that everyone raves about?  Are you blind and tasteless?  First off, the salad - the actual lettuce - was not fresh.  The little fried white noodle slivers in the salad were soggy BEFORE I put the "dressing" on it.  The chicken was poorly fried and probably left overs from their chicken stash for the lemon chicken.  All in all, I had a soggy, bland salad. I lied, few more things: lemon chicken = tasty for the first 5 minutes, but got soggy quickly.  Also too much yellow food coloring in it.  Szechuan beef = too garlicky and the sauce became the consistency of silly putty very quickly.  Steamed rice was lukewarm at best?  Huh? And I waited 30 minutes for a table on a Monday night! Wtf!
Hands down Unbeatable Kung Pow I still try it at other spots and it only confirms I am wasting time and money this is a sure thing. I bounce between Tofu and Prawns also they'll do it extra spicy. So try the Egg-rolls, Pot stickers, Won ton soup, Chicken salad, Vegetable Chow Fun-Spicy, Sweet Sour Chicken, Baby Bok Choy w/ Mushrooms, Almond Chicken. Don't be afraid to eat in the bar with your favorite libation. Cheers All
Went here for lunch with my co workers. The ambiance is pretty nice, but wow when looking at the menu it's pretty pricey because of its small portion. Mongolian Beef: it was really good, but nothing spectacular. Very similar to other places Pot Stickers: ok... Mu Shu: it was interesting, I would recommending trying to know how it taste. I wouldn't reorder though Prawns with Sizzling rice: not bad (the portion is extremely small, like hardly any prawns) Tender fish filets in wine sauce: I like this dish!!! Vegetarian fried rice: no flavor!!!
I LOVE chef chus...the food is AMAZING.  And i have cred b/c i'm chinese.  and born in HK....what's up? All the food is SO good, but their lamb chops rock, and all of the mu shu and kung pao...WOW! But what i really love is their HOT host, Larry Chu Jr.....wow, he's incredibly charming and knows magic...just ask him for a trick.  But he might give you a treat instead...Oh Larry Chu Jr, we are obsessed with you!
This place is A-MAZING only because it caters to both Asians and non-Asian clientele really well. The food menu options are diverse, ranging from a decent Peking duck to a refreshing hot pot seafood soup to yummy appetizer chicken satay skewers to good fried rice dishes. It is a good balance of Western and Eastern tastes without going the "fusion" option. They have had some problems in the past with parking lot issues and having enough spaces for restaurant goers. However, now, with the addition of the second parking lot that they have added in the back of the establishment, this place is going to a more reasonable and patient place to go eat at. I'm definitely plannng on eating here more often!
To be quite honest with you - considering the location and the nature of my particular event (it was a large formal affair) that I was less than pleased with the service and the food...or rather the pricing. I am not one to gripe and everyone is entitled to making a living, however I just don't think the food is worth the price that I paid for. The service I suppose is lacking - maybe it's our fault for being indecisive but again considering the level of service the place exudes you would expect that they would be more attentative to our table - don't get me wrong though I hate being waited on hand and food but waiting to order for a period of time is rather a surprise. I suppose if it was any other day and I had just walked in with nothing on my mind or plans or what have you I probably wouldn't have noticed but keep in mind that our party had other plans that night and we were running behind as it was and I had informed the manager of our predicament. And as any manager would reply that it would not be a problem - it wasn't a major problem but it was a problem none the less. Otherwise this place isn't half bad - the food was for the most part good - just over priced. Sorry for the rant.
Wow, what the fuck? I was craving Chinese food on a Sunday at 2:30pm. All of the real Chinese restaurants don't open until around 5pm, so I figured I'd give Chef Chu's a try. Holy shit, what a mistake! We were seated and I was given a dirty fork, it actually had several pieces of food stuck in it. Bad. Our prick waiter tried to take our order the second we sat down. Then he went away and didn't come back for like 10 minutes (the place was nearly empty). He rudely took our order and then snatched the menu out of my hand. Prick. Our food was served promptly with nice presentation. That is the only good thing I have to say. We ordered lemon chicken and kung pao chicken. The lemon chicken was a tiny piece of chicken breast that had been cooked whole and then had some funky tasting sauce on it. Nothing like it should have tasted. If you need a knife and fork, you're not eating Chinese food. The kung pao chicken was a train-wreck. It does not even deserve to be called Chinese. It was simply chicken cubes sitting in a soup of disgusting tasting sugar sauce. There is no recipe I've ever seen that would produce a kung pao chicken like this. I have no idea what was in it. We asked for drink refills when the prick waiter served our food, but he never brought any. I tried to get his attention twice while he was standing RIGHT NEXT to us, but he intentionally ignored us. He didn't even bring us the check. Eventually we got bored of waiting and walked over the cashier. No tip. If anyone is reading this and you happen to be a waiter or waitress, failing to refill drinks is an automatic $0 tip. I don't give a god damn how little they pay you or how many hours you work. No refill, no tip. Period. Avoid this dumpster. If you're craving Chinese at 2:30pm on a Sunday, stick it out and wait until 5pm. Or just make it yourself, you can't possibly do any worse than "Chef" Chu's.
i love Chinese food, and this is just the finest Chinese restaurant that I have ever had the pleasure to dine in.  Family run and they truly treat you like a guest. Moreover, my  wife, son and I eat lunch there and the bill for all of is just $21.00 and we all leave full and more than satisfied. I could eat there everyday of the week and often do.  If you go, make sure to meet Chef Chu, or his son Larry.  They will take care of you from start to finish.
By far the best Chinese food I've ever had. The food is freshly prepared with the right ingredients. The staff is always friendly. I've even met the owner and his son a few times and they are delightful and energetic. This is a family business and the entire family is still there making sure it's being run properly Some of my favorites are the Chinese Chicken Salad, Hot and Sour Soup, Sichuan Style String Beans, Mu Shu Pork and Kung Pao chicken. We like the Chinese Chicken salad so much that it's become a weekly to-go order for lunch.
I ordered take out to complete my lazy Friday night. I'm new to the area and I'm trying to find new places to eat so after driving past this place a zilliion times I finally decided to try it. Only after I did some Yelp research. The chicken salad is as advertised, its very good. The rest of the dishes here that we had were good, but the beef was too salty but overall I would eat here again.
Our group lunch here went pretty well. The meal was preordered for 30 people and all the food came out in a timely fashion. The chicken salad starter was pretty good and didn't even need any dressing. We had the beef with broccoli, kung pao chicken, garlic green beans, veggi chow mein, and sweet and sour prawns. The favorite dish appeared to be the green beans. I don't think i would go back here again unless the company is paying for it but it was pretty standard chinese food.
This place has gone downhill. I used to work across the street, and my office would order here once a month. It was great then. However, I recently took my coworkers here since they came to visit me. I was embarrassed. Smaller portions, the food wasn't that tasty, the temperature was cold, and the waitress never attended to us. Never again.
I have been coming to Chef Chu's since I was in a carseat and had no teeth. I learned how to use chop sticks here. And it took a while! Ask a righty to teach a lefty how to use chopsticks.. it's an adventure. Family dinner nights out were at Chef Chu's. There were 5 of us, so we would get to sit in the round tables upstairs and I was always so captivated by the lazy susan in the middle of the table. My Dad had met Mr. Chu a handful of times, and he used to come and say hi to us. I felt special each time we went there as a kid... Fast Forward to adulthood. Nothing has ever quite compared. The hot and sour soup was my comfort for any cold, any flu, or any breakup. The beef and broccoli,moosho pork, the CHICKEN SALAD, the crab wontons, the potstickers (ohhh the potstickers). It would be crazy to actually try and think through how many Chef Chu's potstickers I have consumed over the last 31+ years.. (I'll minus out the year with no teeth). I wish I could lift the restaurant off its hinges and move it down the street from my house. THEN life would be perfect :).
This play has been here for over 30 years I believe. Once you enter the restaurant you'll see photos of some pretty famous people that's been to Chef Chu's. Maybe I had the presumption that this restaurant is the "sh..." Although it was good, I have to say I've had better days at Good Neighbor chinese restaurant and that place is pretty ghetto. Started off with their famous chicken salad and the deluxe wonton soup. Chicken on the salad was very flavorful, crispy but ToGo's got the best chicken salad on my book. PEPPER STEAK - the best pepper steak I have ever eaten I must say. It's so tender, it just melts in your mouth. Slight taste of char just adds flavor to it even more. I RECOMMEND THIS DISH!!!! SHRIMP IN LOBSTER SAUCE- Nope... didn't do it for me. BEEF FLAT NOODLE- I thought it lacked in the flavor area. Noodles doesn't really have any flavor to begin with and having it being so thick and large it really does not soak up flavors that well so I mean they could have done better with this dish. CRISPY AROMATIC DUCK- YESSS!!!!! you can definitely taste hours this duck has been marinating. The crispy exterior just adds a bonus for texture. I love eating it with rice but you can't go wrong with the steamed buns as well. SERVICE- definitely 5 star!! Our waiter was the man!
This place is giving Cantonese cuisine a bad name! If Chef Chu is still busy  traveling around the world teaching his famous style he better hightail it home because the house of Chu is in trouble! I don't know how the food was a decade ago but I can't believe this place is still in business. The food is greasy, salty and overpriced for the poor quality. $15 dollars for a plate of stir fried noodles in black bean sauce!? I almost fell off my chair when I saw that. Now I'm no Martin Yan, but having eaten Cantonese cooking for the past 31 years I knew there was something wrong when I observed the cooks in kitchen. It's as if Chef Chu hired a bunch of his relatives and told them "Hey team, these guys don't know what Cantonese food should taste like so just stir fry them up a bunch of stuff Chop Suey style". You know what Chop Suey is? Chop Suey or Chop Sewage as I call it is whatever is leftover in the frig hastily stir fried with a ton bean sprouts and drowned in soy sauce. It's what Chinese restaurants back in the day used to pass off to non-Chinese as Chinese food. Chef Chu should be embarrassed that his place is serving this slop.  You're better off getting take out from Ranch 99 or Marina Foods.
I've been coming for Chef Chu's for years, so even though it seems to have more than enough reviews, I'll throw in my five stars. :-) So why do I like it? (1) Well, it's always open when you want to grab lunch at some random hour, like 3pm, when all the other restaurants are closed. (2) Their food is consistently very good.  It's our go-to Chinese restaurant and we live in Sunnyvale (so not right around the corner).  My husband and I were just discussing that they make the hands-down best Won Ton soup we've had anywhere, and we've tried lots of Won Ton soup at a lot of restaurants!  Also yummy duck! (3) Their prices are very reasonable.  It's not a hole in the wall Chinese joint, so you're not going to pay $5 for dinner, but you sit in clean booths with real table cloth...  You'd pay a lot more anywhere else. (4)  The service is quick enough that our 3 year old is able to handle it! :-) To sum it up, a great place for a yummy meal with the family!
I have been going to this restaurant for years...prob 15+ years. The food is amazing, service is top notch, and mai tais are the BEST part! This is by far the best Chinese food I've had...I usually order the following items - *Candied pecan prawns *Crispy Sichuan Beef, Mongolian Beef *BBQ pork bun *Crab n Cheese puffs *Hunan Chicken, Tangerine Chicken, Kung Pao Chicken *BBQ pork fried rice *Steamed Rice *Pot Stickers Mmm...
Love this place!!! Can never go wrong here, been eating here for years. This is one of the few places that puts Los(t) Altos on the map. Don't forget there's always parking in the back lots! Reservations are necessary on busy nights or large parties!
Take this place for what it is worth. If you're looking for something very Chinese ethnocentric, or region specific kind of food, this is the wrong place. I'm not saying this place is like a PF Changs where they do a bit of everything, far be it. Chef Chu's is waaaay way better than PF Changs. They are non Chinese speaking friendly, like Mr Fongs in Foster City. I must say that despite some of the Americanized fare on the menu, they do have some Chinese specials that are quite tasty, like their version of the 3 cup chicken dish that might be a bit on the sweet side, but very hearty and goes well with rice. I enjoy their Taiwanese style stir fried rice noodles, which while is not the same as in Taiwan, though is miles better than a lot of places in the Bay Area. I also went here for lunch a few years ago with some non Chinese coworkers, and they all loved it. The black bean salmon was one of the highlights, and I too enjoyed it despite my very picky ethnocentric tastes. If Lawrence Chu is indeed behind the cooking if you eat there, I'm sure he can come up with non menu dishes to unleash his real prowess in the kitchen. The fact that he's always in these cooking competitions with some of the eliite Asian chefs somewhere (alongside Andy Wai) should mean something.
It was Lunar New Year, so I thought it'd be fun to get Chinese food.  I had just finished playing disc in Palo Alto, so I looked up Chinese food on Yelp, and this restaurant popped up. I walked in, swooped a takeout menu, and pondered.  I was excited that they had steamed pork buns, which I don't see at too many Chinese restaurants late in the day.  Yessss!  I ordered those, curried beef, hunan chicken, and Chef's Special fried rice.  For what it's worth, I rarely know what the hell I'm ordering.  I just like Chinese food, and pick what looks good. While waiting, I couldn't stop laughing.  There was an older waiter who referred to everyone as 'young lady'.  I don't know why it was so funny, but it was cracking me up.  He used it repeatedly, even on the same person...IN THE SAME SENTENCE. Another gentleman came in for a takeout order, and had an odd conversation about the Chinese New Year, which he was unaware of.  He then asked what the significance of the Tiger was, and the hostess replied "Uhhh...I don't...know".  And then the older waiter chimed in that the tiger was one of the first to show up when summoned by the Emperor?  I had no idea what was going on, but I enjoyed it. The Chef is also some sort of local celebrity.  There is a wall of pictures with the Chef, his son, and celebrities.  There was one pic of him and Steve Young that was pretty damn cool. Service was good.  They took my order, got it out quickly, and got me water while waiting.  And a comfy waiting area.  No problemo. And of course...the food was great.  Food for days. A little bit pricey, but it isn't a huge deal.  It'll last, so I'm good with it. I was gonna do 4, maybe 4.5 stars, but if Steve Young digs this place, that's enough for 5 stars ;)  Besides, it's Yelp...it's supposed to be fun.
The best thing about Chef Chu's: Chef Chu himself.  He's entertaining and engaging, a real showboat (to which the celeb ladened pix, lining the walls, will attest).  He serves consistently good food with all fresh ingredients. Will this be the a life-altering culinary experience?  No, but the servers will treat you well. Has the palate been Americanized?  Yes. Is the food still good?  Resounding yes. If you are thinking about going to PF Chang's in Palo Alto, kick yourself and then come here.  Order the basil chicken, garlicky green beans and the sweet prawn dish.  Save room for the fried banana dessert.
Let me first say that I am shocked and amazed by the low reviews here!!  I've been coming the Chef Chu's forever and never imagined that anyone could have anything negative to say.  Oh well, that's ok.  I still love it and always will. Honestly, every family affair I can remember was done here.  Lunch after church, birthdays, anniversaries, etc, etc.  When I was little, Charlie (the host) knew my family by name and there was a waitress who took the time to teach me how to use chopsticks.  We loved the Chinese dragon leading upstairs, the Shirley Temples came with extra cherries, and my sister remembers being tricked into going to the boys' bathroom. But nostalgia aside, this is some GREAT food.  I still return more often than I should and I am never disappointed.  Each time, there is a standard order and then maybe a different entree or two to add on. Order: --Char Sil Bau: steamed pork bun.  Chef Chu admits that he does not actually make these in house but they're still yummy --Egg Rolls:  Amazing!  About ten minutes before you leave, get an extra order to pack up to go with the rest of your leftovers --Pot Stickers --Mandarin Beef Stew with Wontons AND Noodles:  Beware, the spice can vary by day and may occasionally leave you guzzling your water.  Oh, and the waiter may look at you funny when you order it with both wontons and noodles but trust me... --BBQ Pork Chow Mein:  Perfection --Lemon Chicken or Mongolian Beef --Any of the prawns! You'll always have leftovers.  You'll have to fight for them the next day.  It's a great place to go with a group.  Classic and classy.  Chef Chu himself can generally be seen and he is a genuine personality.  His son is stepping into some pretty large shoes but doing a wonderful job. So, while many may be bashing my beloved restaurant, nothing will ever stand between me and Chef Chu's!
Uncountable meals have proved this place as a good, stable bet: There are other places I would go first, but I will not protest if I end up here. The decor is decent: it's fun to eat in various parts of the restaurant (since it's so big). I would recommend coming with a group of people: most all of their dishes are good, so it's worth trying some different stuff. Take out is fast and easy.
I don't understand why this place receives so many low ratings. When did anyone say this was authentic, fresh-from-your-grandmother's-kitchen Chinese food? This is Los Altos, for crying out loud. What exactly were you expecting? I love Chef Chu's. The food is tasty, the service is good, the staff are friendly... and it's a family business that is a wonderful part of local restaurant history. There's a reason why it's remained successful. I've never left disappointed by my dining experience and I've been eating here for the last 10+ years. As far as "unauthentic" Chinese food goes, it's pretty darn tasty and one of my top picks.
Friendly, accommodating, fresh, delicious, full bar, great for groups
I have past by this place sooo many times. I was thinking of going out to dinner with my mom, and she mentioned she had come here just last week. We walk in the door and are seated right away. The waiter comes over and asks what kind of drinks we would like. My mom mentioned that the "phoenix dinner" for 3. 18.95 a person which may be a lil high but by the way she raved about the chinese chicken salad, we decided on these dishes which included chinese chicken salad, war won ton soup, a bowl of steam rice, a beef dish, tangy lemon chicken dish and a prawn/ veggie dish. Also included was some fried bananas/whipped cream. Everything tasted flavorful. The service was fantastic. I will be back to try the Dragon family dinner, which looked like it was a bit more on the spicy side.
The place gets crowded, but worth the hassle. I know a guy from the S.F. Bay area who claims to hate Chinese food, but I'll bet he would like this. Great variety, fresh ingredients, nice presentation, excellent service and good bang for the buck. This is the place I compare all other Chinese restaurants to. Never had better. But then I'm going to China in October 2010, I'll get back to you.
The best Chinese food in town...or anywhere in the South Bay Area!  This place gets packed even on Monday nights, so I recommend either getting a reservation or be prepared to sit for a few minutes before a table is ready.  The host and the rest of the staff are a delight.  The food is amazing!  We love their walnut prawns and sizzling rice soup.  We find ourselves going back and wanting to try new things but end up ordering the same thing over and over.  It's THAT good!
This place has been around for ever. They set the standard in Chinese food in this area. They are know for their Mai Tie's, Eddy the bartender is a master at making them. Yes the parking can be challenging at times but that's a minor inconvenience for the experience. Note: If you like spicy dishes, Try the Kung Pow Chicken.
Exceptional, from the moment we enter the restaurant, to the taste of the food. The son's owner welcomed us and i was so impressed about his posture attitude and care. The service was also great. It was one of the best experiences I can recall.
I came here for lunch today, mostly because I was in the area.  First off, maneuvering around the oddly-formed parking lot is a challenge, though I found a parking spot in front of the dumpster out back.  Once we got inside, the area in front of the hostess station was quite busy, but we were seated immediately.  The interior of the restaurant resembles a well-kept yet classic Chinese restaurant, which in a way distinguishes it from other typical Chinese restaurants.  There was also a broadly-mixed crowd within.  I saw some customers being taken upstairs, so I believe there is seating available upstairs (for large parties, perhaps?) The menu reads like a common Chinese restaurant menu.  There is a lunch special menu insert contained within (if you come during lunch, I assume).  We instead went with an order of Seafood Yee Mein (egg noodles stir-fried with shrimp, scallops, and calamari) and an order of Grilled Beijing Beef.  The linguine-like noodles in the Yee Mein were very good, though the dish was a bit on the greasy side (no surprise there).  Besides sliced carrots, the dish also had stalks of broccoli (though strangely no broccoli heads).  Just a bit unusual.  The Grilled Beijing Beef, meanwhile, is described as cooked with "Beijing bean sauce" and served over "crispy rice noodles."  The sauce is simply (or is very, very similar to) Hoisin Sauce.  Hmm...As for those crispy rice noodles?  They are simply a layer of stringy styrofoam-tasting pieces not worth (taste-wise OR nutrition-wise) consuming. Although the place was very busy during the lunch hour, our server probably came by a total of four times during our forty-five minute lunch: once to take our order, once to delivery our entrees, once to drop the check off, and once more to return the final check.  Not once did she bother to see how things were.  Granted, I'm not exactly a restaurant snob, so things like this don't actually upset me, but I feel that a restaurant of this stature owes it to its clientle to provide more personal service, and besides...I'm taking the time to review this place, and it's therefore my duty to point out these things.  Overall, decent food at a decent price, so I may very well return, but I would easily choose Mandarin Gourmet or P.F. Chang's over this establishment.
I was very pleased with my lunch meal at Chef Chu's.  While definitely a bit 'Americanized', this place is so good compared to what you get almost anywhere else. I've been coming here for years and I was glad to see today that the quality hadn't changed.  The BBQ Pork bun, wonton soup, and lemon chicken I had was fantastic. I'm coming back some time for the Peking Duck!!!
Let me start by mentioning that I have not been here, BUT I did use their catering service for my company lunch today. The catering manager, Joanna Fang, and her assitant arrived right on time, and were very kind. They set up everything from the utensils, to the entrees, to the mints just perfectly in the lunch room. The food was hot, and delicious. I specifically chose Chef Chu's because they don't use MSG in their food (I'm allergic). The Wok-Seared Scallops were my absolute favorite, and the Kung Pao Calamari was amazing. I would DEFINITELY recommend Chef Chu's to anyone who is looking for gormet Chinese food, especially if they have a hard time finding a Chinese restaurant (like I do) that doesn't use MSG.
Big family style Chinese food! Mmmmmm... Tried a little of everything and it was ALL soooooo good. Crab appetizers rocked... Everything was so fresh and well done. Can I just say: Eggplant! Seriously, get it! I'm not big on it usually, but this was to die for. Only negative: Parking.
First time here for lunch together with my foodie chinese boss, who proposed all the dishes (in our boss we trust :-) ).  We got  minced chicken or vegetables in lettuce cups (typical chinese finger food, my boss said) which I loved,  half a boneless tea-smoked duck with pancakes (surprising dish and so flavourful!), Kung Pao prawns (right spiciness, tasty but rather ordinary dish). To conclude ice-cream: green tea (the absolute best I have got in SF, really far from what all japanese restaurants I have tried so far serve), litchi (way too sweet ... almost unbearable). All in all, a very good meal and I definitely recommend this establishment.
I've been going here with my family from day one. Love this place. So family-oriented and AMAZING. Plus, Chef Chu himself is a nice guy and so is his son. I consistently get an order of spring rolls, wonton soup and the sizzling rice with prawns/baby corn. Solid and filling.
I am giving it four stars because it suffers from, "it is just too damned good, so it is always so damned busy, that you have to simply wait forever to get a seat", syndrome. I've been going to this place infrequently since 1985, when my family moved to Los Altos. Now that I have moved far away, I have not been as often as I used to, but this is fine; my wife knows I like this place, so she makes sure to surprise me with dinner here on special occasions. The food is consistently delicious, prompt, and always with very obvious attention to detail in both presentation and quality of ingredients used. I would totally give this place five stars if they could somehow expand their main dining room. It is simply too close for comfort, and as such, it can become quite hot and loud. I still love this place to death either way!
Chef Chus is not about authentic Chinese Cuisine, but it's the best Americanized Chinese food experience possible. The service is impeccable, the food delicious. Go in the off hours if possible. We always shoot for 2 in the afternoon, because it's packed. Any time of day, it is packed. Family favorites include: Chinese chicken salad Mu Shu Pork Smoked Duck But we've never gone wrong ordering anything off of the menu. The only real danger of ordering here is not having enough leftovers to take home for another meal. As a precaution, avoid taking small children. Chef Chu's is very child-friendly, but the wait times for a table can be very long and distressing to younger guests.
Chef Chu's used to be famous when I moved into the area several decades ago, and I enjoyed going there 10+ years ago.  But times have changed for the worse... In the entry area of the restaurant, I was distracted by the worn-out red carpeting.  It should have been replaced long ago. Recently, I went to Chef Chu's with a friend in over 6 years.  We had the deep-fried crab/cheese won tons, beef fried rice, and Mongolian beef. We tried the wontons first.  My friend and I bit into our won tons at the same time.  And across the table, as I saw the corners of my friend's mouth turn down in disappointment, their face mirrored how I felt as well.  The flavor was fishy in a way the seafood should never be.  My friend could not continue eating it, and I barely could.  This dish was a failure. The beef fried rice and Mongolian beef was very bland. On a positive note, the Mongolian beef was very tender and service was good. Overall, our experience was disappointing, and not worth the time and money we invested in it.  I wonder whether change of ownership explains the degradation in quality.
Alright, so lots of white people go here.  Though normally that would scare any asian looking for legit chinese food, Chef Chu has devised a wonderful hybrid between american and authentic chinese food.  I would give this place 3.5 stars if I could.  What is lacking is the quantity compared to the price.  It's not cheap friends, but maybe that's because there is a big fat dragon on the wall that probably raised the price of the experience 10 fold. All in all, I like it.  But for chinese food that's just as good or better, I would go to cupertino.
Really delicious. Velvet chicken was perfect. Orange blossom ribs were succulent. Fried rice was outstanding. Plentiful tea. Perfectly salted. Huzzah! Place was packed and I know why.
I have eaten at chef chu's many times and recently it has gone downhill. The beef with oyster sauce was so salty we could not eat it. The mu-shu pork was ok, but a good restaurant should not have flies who are actually more friendly than the waiter. I think for their pricing the food lacks the professional touch the restaurant once had.
I give Chu's 3.5 stars for: 1. Lightening quick service with a smile. 2. Their famous Chinese Chicken salad, it's really THAT good. 3. Huge ginormous seared scallops cooked to perfection. 4. Peppered beef steak oozing with flavor. 5. Something about the won ton soup, must be the salt. The whole family works here on rotation and they really get their hands dirty.  Chef Chu has been teaching cooking seminars around the world for decades now.  Check out the wall of Chu when you walk in-this place is an LA institution. This place is great, but you have to be in the mood for punchy flavor, grease and ready to guzzle water post-meal.
I probably don't know what authentic chinese food should be.  I usually eat the kind of chinese food that korean people eat, which to this day, I don't know the name of.  I know when I look at a menu and see the 3 things I like. Chef Chu's is not one of those kind of restaurants but it's still good.  The mopa tofu is really good as well as a spicy seafood dish that I don't know of.  On the http://waiters.com menu, it's in the little box of specials on their menu page.  They always sent huge portions.  I pretty much only ate food from here because I got it free at work.
Long honking wait on the weekend! But while you wait don't miss the pictures of famous people (and maybe a president?) who have eaten here. Also, this place is awesomely decked out in late 60s orange tile. The food is pretty Americanized which is fine with me, but not fine for other people. I remember liking one of our dishes, but not liking the others... This place has potential for me to strike gold (or more likely, silver) on a really good dish. But the food wasn't good enough on my visit to pull me back yet.
I know good chinese chicken salad when I taste it, smell it and see it. Chef Chu's knows how to give its salad that added special touch, including delicious peanut bits, a faint flavor of mustard sauce for that zesty bite and topped with light dried rice noodles for that added crunch. Not to mention a fresh cilantro mixture, Simply the best restaurant salad that I have ever tried. I also recommend the curried prawns, one of my on-demand dishes at this establishment. It's hot, but hot enough to enjoy. It's fresh, fresh prawns mixed in a buttery curry sauce. It's succulent, great to eat with the added onions and bell peppers. I've been ordering this dish from this place for years and it never fails to impress me. You will expect it to be busy since this establishment has been around for over 30 years, but the fun and impressive famous autographs and photographs adorning this place will keep your patience going. You may also run into Chef Chu's family member, Jon - director of Walt Disney/Touchstone Pictures' Step Up 2 The Streets (awesome poster in the bar). Love this restaurant! It's my family's number one restaurant! Great service and the employees, including Mr. Chu, and the food make you feel important :]
"Decent" Chinese food. And by decent, I mean pretty good. Not like my friend's definition of decent, which seems to be just "edible". I was expecting the orange chicken to be a little more fried. The vegetable fried rice was complete mush due to the vegetables they used and NOT very fried. The Hong Kong style crispy noodles were good, but I wish there were more noodles. I liked the fish fillets in white wine sauce. I wouldn't mind coming here again, but I think it will take some experimentation to see which dishes to avoid and which ones are good.
Just came here for my roommate's birthday and the place was a-ok. The service and ambience was great, but the food is expensive for the portions you get and nothing was super amazing. Here's what we ordered: - Peking duck (pre-ordered ahead of time, 4-hour notice required) This was pretty good...they actually show you the duck, and then cut it and put it into the bun for you. - Kung pao shrimp Just okay, I wouldn't order it again. - Large pea sprouts Pretty standard (which also means it's pretty greasy). - Chow mein Pretty standard, not too special. - Basil chicken clay pot Kind of small portions (this was a theme throughout), but it was good, although it had little else other than basil, chicken, and garlic (there were some bell peppers here too). - Hunan tofu I liked it (tofu was tender), but my roommate said there was something weird about the taste, like it was cooked in animal fat / broth. - Grilled Beijing beef This was good, the beef was sweet because it was marinated in plum sauce. All in all, I'd have to say that unless you order the signature dishes (of which Peking duck was one) and are prepared to spend a lot of money, I wouldn't really come here. I hear the sea bass is good (I think it's $18.95, or $3 more if you want it baked in their "secret" honey-miso sauce). Portion size is small for what you get and it's kind of expensive.
This place always has a line, even in a bad economy.  It's not your typical Chinese restaurant - it's  very clean, and they serve killer cocktails (apple martini, B52, mojito, lemon drop).  But the food pleases both Chinese and American palates!  They offer both traditional and less traditional (think orange chicken) dishes, and everything is made well without too much grease and without MSG.  The crowd is a mix of people from all backgrounds and races. My favorites included the garlic scallion lobster, the super tender "water boiled" beef, and the asparagus with shiitake mushrooms.  Rock cod was also super fresh.  Portions are generous and meant to be eaten family style, as in the Chinese tradition. I love how it's such a family run restaurant.  Everyone is really invested in customer satisfaction, and it's so obvious from the gracious attitude of every server to the charming hostess.  They're very accommodating for dietary restrictions or preferences, so just let them know, and they'll go out of their way for you.  This is probably why Chef Chu's still remains so popular, even after 40 years.
Chef Chu's is kind of unique. It's fancier than lots of Chinese places in the area. The inside has a nice feel and ambiance and is very clean. The menu is quite varied and interesting- lots of dishes I've never seen anywhere else! I got the Seafood Blossom soup, Bok Choy with Shitakes and the Sauteed chicken with Chinese broccoli. All were pretty darn good and fresh. The only complaints I have were that the soup was a bit bland, and the two other dishes were overly greasy. So be prepared for some grease- consider asking for "low oil". I actually had requested this but somehow the dishes were quite oily. All in all, a nice place.
Very fresh and well presented dishes: we had the shrimp and button mushroom (which had absolutely no flavor but was fresh and crisp), Mongolian lamb with green onions (mediocre taste) and the Hong Kong-Style Crispy Pan-Fried Angel-hair Noodles (which was not exactly like the kind I had in HK). The cocktails were extremely weak and over-priced. I wondered if there was any alcohol in it since my Pina Colada tasted just like my daughter's coconut and pineapple juice mixture. This restaurant caters to those who are not adventurous and just want ordinary Chinese-American food. I just wonder what all they hype is about.
A destination restaurant that delivers. Chef Chu 's is not your father's Chinese restaurant.  It's a destination.  A place you go to because it is Chef Chu's. They have a creative menu with many choices.  The food is consistently excellent. The service is usually pretty good, usually pretty friendly, usually pretty rushed.  They do a LOT of business there.  Be ready to wait for a table.  Be ready to wait a bit to place your order and get your food.  Aside from the wait to get a table, the rest isn't overbearingly bad and feels appropriate considering how busy they are.
Great food, great service. I worked nearby for a while and got a lot of takeout.  Mr. Chu and his children frequented the business I worked at and they were always very kind and generous. Having easy access to their restaurant is one of the few things I miss about working in that area. I'm not normally a fan of beef, but their Sichuan Beef is amazing. Perfectly tender and delicious. I've tried many of their dishes and nibbled off my coworkers food and have never been disappointed. I can't really speak with authority to their in-house service since I usually got takeout, but they always had the food prepared promptly and things inside always seemed calm and orderly. That's surprising considering the crowds of people that flock there for dinner. They've got to be something right, because they really draw a crowd. That can make parking difficult, but there's an overflow lot in the back that usually has spots available.
Before I walked into the restaurant, everything was wrong. Strike 1 = Calling a Chinese restaurant FINE DINING Strike 2 = Typical Chinese name that most white people can recognize "Chu" Strike 3 = Senior citizens? WHITE senior citizens?! OH GOD! TURN BACK! DON'T GO INSIDE! DON'T OPEN THE...hmm? Zagat Rated? "People love us on Yelp!" sticker? Maybe I was wrong...I guess i'll check it out. I open the doors and see typical Chinese decor. Chinese symbols on the wall, picture of the great wall, white table cloth, etc etc. Then I see the host. We lock eyes and I see something... I see a fear in his eyes....and I know what he's thinking.. "OH NO! IT'S A REAL ASIAN PERSON! HE'S GONNA KNOW! HE'S GONNA KNOW THE TRUTH ABOUT THE FOOD! ALARM THE CHEFS!" After gazing upon the Americanized, kung-pao, oriental-this-and-that menu, I ask the hostess for her opinion. She directs me towards the Yu Shang Pork with rice and hot and sour soup. So of course, I take her advice. I take a look at each dish, and I know exactly how it's gonna taste, before I even take a bite. Please! Please heavenly spaghetti monster PLEASE! PROVE ME WRONG! 1. The hot and sour soup was rather flat. There wasn't a full flavor and it tasted very plain. Just a bowl of spicy syrup. 2. The Yu Shang pork was a mesh of low quality pork and veggies, molested with seasoning. Even the mushrooms (which I usually hate) had no flavor at all. The ingredients itself had no flavor, and served as "flavor-holders". WHO IS THIS ZAGAT PERSON?! SHOW YOURSELF! I BET HE/SHE ISN'T EVEN CHINESE! The only positive aspect was the service. The waiters were very nice (unlike most Chinese restaurants) and the hostess was beautiful and very graceful in seating everyone. Oh, and did I mention she was very beautiful? :) I give Mr. Chau's...I mean.... I give Chef Chu's a 2.4 out of 5.
Every time my friends and info to Chef Chu for dinner the service and the food are always the best. some times there are as many as 12 of us and still they always accommodate our needs gracefully. lways a pleasant experience.
Chef Chu's is one of the oldest Chinese restaurants in the South Bay. They have excellent fresh seafood, and a good selection of somewhat Americanized Chinese food. It's a good place to gather for any special occasion. They also have a banquet room for large gatherings. They host special Chinese banquet dinners around Chinese New Year; I haven't been to one yet, but the menus I've seen look amazing. I will definitely go this year.
made a reservation for 6:30pm.. waited until about 7pm to actually get seated. What's the point of making reservations? Plenty of people came by without reservations and got seated in about 20-30 min (although they were told 5-10min wait). I won't try to understand their seating policy. We were a party of 5 so we ordered their dinner special called the Dragon. Dragon comes with an appetizer,soup, 4 entrees (when ordering with 4 other people) and dessert. I asked to substitute the appetizer which had crab with chicken salad (since I'm allergic to shellfish). I don't think I wasn't being clear on that, but for some reason they changed everyone dish to chicken salad :/ I had a bowl of hot & sour soup but quickly dropped my spoon after finding a nice, big shrimp. Normal people would consider this as a nice touch to the traditional boring hot & sour soup, but I'm allergic to shellfish and i would probably die if i took a bite of that shrimp. :/ entrees were fine. hunan chicken and fried pork dishes were pretty good, but I wouldn't say this was much better than other restaurants I've been to. I acknowledge that Mr. Carter and Mr. Seagal and many other famous folks had good times here, but I just don't see how this place is different from a local Chinese restaurant down the street...
Yaaaay! A Chinese restaurant that does not get my MSG allergy racing. Chef Chu's is probably what you would define as a mid to high end Chinese restaurant. While all the old favorites are on the menu, they are just delivered with a little more style and better quality. The staff and hosts are always very accommodating and friendly, even when backlogged with tables waiting. A good opportunity to get a Mai tai in the bar. The Pot Stickers excellent, as are the Egg rolls, for the mains we tend to have a few trusty "go to" dishes including the General's Chicken which is yummy. A regular haunt for us and is totally consistent. Will be back every time we are passing and cannot be bothered to cook...
My husband and I went to Chef Chu's for dine in on a Saturday night. I'll start with the only 2 bad things about our experience (and the reason I didn't rate this restaurant 5 stars): 1. The waiting area was so crowded and bustling that we could barely hear when a name was called for dine in. I would suggest they implement the buzzers like you can find at a lot of other places so that you don't have to crane your neck every time you hear something that might be your name. 2. We were told the wait for dine in would be about 30 minutes, but we wound up waiting closer to 45 minutes. #2 was not that big of a deal because we're used to that at other places we like to frequent and because we were taken care of wonderfully once we made it to our table. The waitstaff was friendly and helpful, kept our water glasses full and made our evening relaxing and fun. The food was wonderful and enough of it came to the table that neither of us was left wanting. We might stick to take out in the future, since that line moved smoothly and quickly, but dining in was a fun experience for us that we might do again.
Found: one cockroach, throughly cooked, embedded in white rice. Never again, Chef Chu!
Bit of a drive for us, but this is our favorite place in the Bay Area.  We both enjoy the Kung Pao Prawns the most.  I enjoy bringing family here when they come to visit.   We usually do take out---most of the time they're pretty fast. Authentic, schmauthentic, it tastes pretty good to me.  I always see quite a few Asian people eating here too, so I don't believe that it's totally white-people Chinese food.   There are places with better food, but none that we have found in this area.
Great Food, good prices.  A place that you can do a casual lunch or a high flying busniess dinner.  Chef Chu himself is a charachter and puts on a great show if you are lucky enough to get to see him.
Best chinese food in the area!
I gotta say, when you pay over $50 bucks for two people at a chinese restaurant, something's wrong. Such is the case at Chef Chu's. I saw the packed lot one evening and decided to give it a shot. The second I walked it, I realized my mistake. There were more white people than asian people in the restaurant. I'm not saying white people don't know good food. All I'm saying is that none of us Asians would go back there because we know some hole in the wall that cost half and tastes better.
This Chinese food is amazing. The first time I tried their chow mein was at...an elementary school! They caterer to a nearby los altos school and I've never heard anything like that before, these brats don't know how good they got it these days. Anyway, it was amazing and I had to go try out the restaurant. Even better! It is me and my husbands New Years tradition to have our lunch here every year. Everything is just too good. I even picked up one of those Chef Chu Cookbooks, and have tried many of the recipes, the miso crusted sea bass came out perfectly!
I got invited to Chef Chu's the other night. There were ten of us, so we got a nice variety of dishes. For those of you looking for authentic Chinese food, you are in the wrong place, however the food is still quite good. The Chinese chicken salad is one of the best I have ever had and the potstickers are also fresh and delicious. The honey walnut prawns and the peanut sauce won tons are also a highlight. Hunan Tofu is also a highlight. Chef Chu's is not the type of restaurant to have fish tanks full of crab, prawns and fish. I guess thats something that Chinese people are more into, cuz like I said, this is not an authentic restaurant. Overall though, I had a pleasant experience, not the usual substandard Chinese service.  There were also no rats running around or termites etc. So, I was pretty satisfied overall.
My friend invited us to Chef Chu's for her daughter's birthday party.  She sent me the site of this restaurant and when I checked the menu, I immediately knew this place serves americanized chinese food, which I am not too fond of.  And after I checked the reviews on yelp, my expectations were really low.  I thought it would be a waste of time driving across the Bay for horrible chinese food.  However, this place exceeded my expectations (just a bit). My friend ordered hot and sour soup, black bean salmon, black bean tofu, smoked duck, black peppered steak and stir fry veggies. Hot and sour soup:  quite good filled with toppings. Black bean salmon:  too salty and the fish didn't taste fresh, it was too fishy smelling. black bean tofu: My favourite dish of the evening because the sauce was very salty but the blantnesss of the tofu balances everything out. smoke duck:  quite interesting.  This dish came with mantou and hoisin sauce just like Peking duck but with the smokey taste. Black peppered steak:  nice and tender beef but it was a bit too sweet stir fry veggies:  nothing special.... The services were great, staff were very helpful, and nice decorations.  It's a good place for parties or special event but not for day to day dining because it's quite pricey to dine here.  I saw a lot of people dressed up for special events....I was kinda under-dressed..... Since our expectations were really low....so this place exceeded our expectations and thus, the two stars.  Will we go back?  Probably not unless my friend wants to have anohter birthday dinner here.
Delicious food, extensive menu, incredible service, reasonable prices, friendly and ornate atmosphere. Winning!  It's my new go-to Chinese restaurant!
I have been going to Chef Chus since the early 1970s. At that time it surpassed other competitors with both better food and a viewable kitchen. It has gone downhill and yet people still flock here. My last visit - was my LAST visit. Not only was the food just so so, but for the first time in my life we went for a combination special because it looked like more food for less money. In fact, they use these tricks. Which are not mentioned in the menu. - the combos came with 2 starters that had the same name as starters on the menu. But when you ordered the starters from the menu you got 3 times as much as what came with the combo plate. - The entrees on the combo plate - again - could be found on the entree meal. But they were only about 3/4 size portion compared to separately buying entrees. OK - maybe I shouldn't have ordered a combination dinner. But still the food isn't what it used to be or maybe the competition just improved over the last 30 years.
Looks like the same old chinese restaurant. Went there for company lunch and took them awhile to take our order. Rico's rating: Quality of service: ** Cool factor: ** Quality of food: **** -Hot and Sour Soup: ** -Generals Chicken: *** -Walnut Prawns(or something like it): **** -Mongolian Beer: ***
Chef Chu's has become a family favorite for Chinese food.  If you're looking for a nice sit-down restaurant, this is it =) Atmosphere:  Yes, it is very crowded.  You should make reservations if you plan on eating there for dinner but it's a nice clean atmosphere.  There is a  lot of parking spots but they're usually taken but they do have a second lot towards the back of the restaurant.  It's a little ways off from the restaurant though so you will have to walk a bit. Service:  The hostesses are always very friendly and nice.  I like them.  But the servers are good but not really friendly.  I went there today and they kept asking if we were done with our dish.  I think they wanted us out of the restaurant but I didn't like that too much. Food:  I'm guessing they serve more American-Chinese food?  I'm not sure but I like it a lot. The Sizzling Rice Soup is always a great starter. Mongolian Beef is yummy and the meat is sooo soft!   I have noticed lately that a lot of the dishes are too salty for me though, so be careful with that. Walnut Prawns makes my mouth water.  Soo good but it's very expensive.  It's a $15 dish so I can't get that every time I go. Overall, I like Chef Chu's.  It's a good restaurant but I think it's hyped up too much and the prices are very expensive. I feel like I'm just rambling with no organized structure... My apologies for this poorly written review!
Very popular spot in Los Altos. The food is o.k. and the service does a good job of getting the food out quickly. I just think it's a tad over rated and there are better venues.
So I never knew about this place because I hardly went to this part of mountain view, but when I was introduced to this place and ordered a couple of their dishes, I fell in love! :P So when you first hear the name of this place, you think of any other chinese restaurant.  They got the same food, taste, decor, same everything for the most part - but I think this place really is different in every occasion. When you walk into the restaurant you go to your right because that's where the hostess stands and where the tables are, but then if you look to your left, there are stairs to go to the 2nd floor.  I had NO idea this place could fit so many people! It's definitely a great place to have a big group come together to share a delicious meal (or shall I say buffet because you KNOW you order tons of dishes even when you're with just a couple of friends). The hostess is really nice too and if you don't know what to order, she'll give you really good suggestions.  Everything is reasonably priced and they do give you generous portions (especially the chicken salad - it's HUGE you could eat it for lunch and save the rest for dinner) Food: Sure they got similar dishes to other places, but I think the taste of their food is much better.  How can I tell? Because I don't get so sleepy after I eat!  I tried their chicken salad, taiwanese noodles, fried rice, and their chow fun - DELICIOUS! (I know I tried one of their beef dishes, but I forgot which one) I also gotta check out their lunch specials, but too bad I work too far away to make it there!
Went to Chef Chu's for dinner last night.  I was born & raised in Los Altos and went to Chef Chu's regularly...loving it... I even bought the cookbook and had Larry Chu sign it.  Edwin was my server in the bar area where I ate, and he was very attentive.  The tea arrived hot and ready to drink.  I recently made the Chinese Chicken Salad recipe and it turned out fabulously and how I remembered the salad tasting way back when.  I decided to go the restaurant to taste the chicken salad to see if mine tasted the same as the restaurant.  BOY WAS I TOTALLY DISAPPOINTED!  The chicken was so overcooked it was dry and cold.  There was absolutely NO flavor, which I found shocking.  I asked for some hot mustard and some of the Chinese five-spice salt called for in the recipe book.  That made it taste a little better.  The portion was also very small for a full dinner size.  $9.95.  I also ordered Kung Pao Chicken and while it was "ok", it was definitely NOT what I remembered it tasting like way back when.  Literally, bamboo shoots, chicken and peanuts, $10.95 for a mediocre portion.  It also lacked the rich flavor and texture it used to have. Now, when it comes to chicken salad, I thought Chef Chu's would win hand's down, but Tao Tao Cafe in Sunnyvale has them beat by a longshot.  If only Tao Tao had some pleasant servers...I've never been anywhere where the servers were so incredibly rude and dismissive... The experience was much better at Chef Chu's (Larry (Chu) even came out from the kitchen, getting ready to start cooking for dinner.)  The hostesses and bartender were quite pleasant and upbeat and several of the patrons who came in for take-out were greeted pleasantly and personally.  It was nice to see.  So, for the service, I'd give them 4 stars, for the food, 2 stars.
Probably the best Chinese restaurant in the Bay Area. Casual, but a tad upscale so you can eat there in a T shirt or a suit and tie. Very professional service. But most important is the food. As I said, probably the best quality Chinese food in the Bay Area. Great selection, very well prepared. I like the cashew chicken, but I've never been disappointed by any of the dishes.  In my mind, chicken is the test of a Chinese restaurant. Do you get healthy, fresh well cooked chicken or gristle and over processed bits? Full bar, which is always a plus. Ample parking, but expect to walk a little. The restaurant has two levels and they do get busy. As you walk in, check out the photo gallery of famous folks, like US Presidents, who have eaten there and had their photo taken with the chef.
Great Chow Mein.  I have noticed over the years it is not as consistent as it used to be or I would have given 5 stars.
Have you ever been to China? I've never been, but I hear that if you're American it's a good place to go, if you want to lose weight. The food there is nothing like what we're accustomed to here in the US or California. That being said, the food here is thankfully not authentic Chinese food, but a great Americanized version. It's exactly what you'd expect at a classic, American Chinese restaurant. We ordered several dishes ... Wanton Soup, Sizzling Rice Chicken, Vegetable Delight in Spicy Garlic Sauce, and Chef Chu's Special Fried Rice. Each dish was very yummy, and full of flavor! The service was also very good, and quite attentive. Our every little need and desire was meet with a smile. A good place, for good food.
I have known the Chu family since 1986 when I went to Pinewood School with all their kids. At all our basketball games in highschool they would bring in food from the restuarant for the team after the game, so I basically grew up eating this food. And now when I go in to pick up some take out I talk to Larry or Jennifer(who I played BBall with since I ws 12) 2 of the 5 children who have stayed in the area and help with the restuarant. Anyhow, I cannot complain about this restaurant as they area always accomodating, friendly and the food is consistently good. I just wish they would make some more healthy dishes, and give the option of grilled  chicken in the delicious Chinese Chicken Salad.
My team at my company came here for a going away party for a member that was moving to another team. We came and we had the "Cooking room." I think they are cook in front of you or something. But, they didn't do it for us. A bunch of food was pre-ordered for us by our admin. The food was ok. We had lemon fish filet, chow mein, some other random stuff. Nothing really stood out to me. I have had much better. To an extent, the chinese food was very typical normal chinese food. Nothing special, and I didn't see anything that was a specialty. If they did have a specialty, we either didn't get it or it didn't stand out to me when I had it.
Great Food!! Fried Won Ton, Mongolian Beef, Sweet & Sour Shrimp( or Pork).  Wow. One of the BEST Chinese food places in Bay Area.
I go here as much as I can. Always excellent service & food. I like the beef satay with seasonal vegetables. The beef is always tender and cooked to perfection - just thinking about it makes me want to go back!! Great place!!
This is my favorite upscale Chinese food restaurant. Although I no longer live in the area, I grew up near here. It's an old past time for my family to go here for different occasions, mainly birthdays. I guess it's similar to PF Chang's although I've never eaten there. Chef Chu's is authentic. I love their Mongolian Beef and Cashew Chicken. The staff are really friendly and serve is pretty quick. They serve large "family style" portions and will normally end up ordering too much. Delicious! I like sitting upstairs but if you go when it's not to busy I don't think they have it open.
Had takeout here a couple of times, and ate in once... was pleased every time.  it seemed that anything they offered with seafood was really good. Three stars... it was tasty, but I kind of felt like most of the dishes were a little on the oily side.  I can hear it now... "no sh__ it was oily, most of the dishes are sauteed in oil"  I know.. i just felt like it was a little extra oily.. that's all.
The BEST Hunan Chicken EVER!  My wife and I went here once and she ordered this and loved it.  In the 10 years since, dining here ~once a month, she has not ordered anything else!  While I agree it is easily their tastiest dish, I have tried other items like Tangerine Beef and Beef 'n Broccoli, Sweet 'n Sour, etc.  Everything is excellent. They are a bit pricey and my one complaint is that they pile on the meat at the expense of too few vegetables.  We often simply order a side of veggies (broccoli, usually) and mix at the table.
Just visited here yesterday so the tastes are still fresh in my mind/mouth. We were on our way to Rasputin's to score some cheap CDs and maybe some DVDs when hunger started to settle in. Not wanting to mess with Castro's Friday-night parking issues, the gf mentioned that Chef Chu's catered a few of her office's lunches and that it was quality. Hmmm...I've always driven by but never tried (for some reason, the name always sounded like a Chinese mall restaurant)...but sure, let's go! The front parking is a little odd (do not enter signs) but we found front parking luckily. Entered and were seated immediately by a young asian guy. Hey look! That same asian guy is on the menu! Unlike other Chinese restaurants, we weren't bum-rushed right away to order and were given enough time to look over the menu. We ordered the chef's special chow mein, candied pecan shrimp, pineapple chicken, hot & sour soup and one cup of rice. While our waitress read back the order, luckily I caught that she misheard fried rice instead of chow mein. No big deal. The food arrived quickly considering that they were pretty packed inside. Everything was very tasty, not greasy and not heavy. I especially enjoyed the candied pecans although the portion of the dish was rather small. Lots of pecans but only a handful of shrimp. If it wasn't so delicious, I would have been disappointed. Quality over quantity however. The single bowl of rice never came though but we quickly forgot about it. However, the bill came and there was the rice. $1.50 for a small cup of rice (the table next to us had ordered the same cups so I saw the size). $1.50 is nothing but if I'm paying for something, I should get it. Brought it up to the waitress and it was taken care of cheerfully. Again, not a biggie, busy restaurant and maybe an off-day for the waitress. At least she was pleasant.For what you pay, you do get a good meal just in small portions (think lunch portion). While leaving, we noticed there were quite a few patrons who were waiting for food to go. Must be pretty popular as there were people doing the same thing when we first entered. I would visit again, perhaps next during lunch although I hope the portions for lunch don't shrink too much more. Tasty food + fast/friendly service = return visit.
Chinese food isn't my one of my fave foods, but this place makes me love it more now! YUMMY! This restaurant doesn't use MSG! My friend took me and another friend here one day. I really liked the entrees, even though they are in small portions. What made my lunch experience more inviting was that the host was hot dayam fine! I'm pretty sure he is the owner's son. He must be a model, oh my goodness! I haven't been there in almost a year I think. I'm due back for a visit ! Numerous Celebrities and well known people in the community have gone to this place as well, as their pictures are mounted on the walls. Ok, back to the food lol...I remember that the customer service was excellent, and that they were always checking up on us. I enjoyed the tofu vegetables and lemon chicken. I know we had more dishes but I kept eyeing the host hehe! Just like another Yelper said, "Me love this place long time!" I need to go here for Dinner next time!
Parking here is horrifying. I end up going to the back left where the apartment buildings are and parking there as I run in for take out. The takeout service is efficient, but although our waiter had a pleasant attitude, it seems he took the drought too seriously and never refilled our water. The host is really nice, though. This is super duper Americanized Chinese food, complete with creamy sauces. I think my least favorite item is those deep fried prawns in a creamy sauce with pecans. Way too heavy and doesn't even taste great. The item I LOVE, however, is the tender fish fillet in light wine sauce with seasonal veggies. I've also tried some chicken dishes, none of which stood out, but they weren't bad either. Prices are average. I'll come back for the one dish I love, but I won't dine in again.
Soup is hot and yummy. Service is super friendly. Lunch hours are very crowded.  Love all items but especially the fish.
This is most likely my favorite Chinese food restaurant ever. It used to be Feng Nian in Sausalito, where we would take special trips over there just to eat their garlic chicken and fried crab wontons, but Chef Chu's blows everything else out of the water. Their selections are fresh, delicious, and perfectly "Americanized" Chinese food. Chef Chu himself, and his son Larry and his daughter are very nice people, and do their best to treat each customer well. My favorite dishes here include the Candied Pecans with Prawns, which come in this delectable sauce... it's so good, and this Chinese food place near my house tries to re-create it but it's a sad, sad, replica of this amazing dish. You also can't go wrong with the spicy Hunan Chicken, or Kung Pao Chicken, or any of their fresh fishes in the black bean sauce. Yum! Their fried rice is to die for, and their fried wonton specialties are light, delicate, and delicious. Expect to pay more at Chef Chu's than you would at any other Chinese restaurant, and expect to wait a very long time during weekend nights, but it's all worth it.
I would give this place 3.5 stars but i can't.  But it's definitely not a 4 star establishment. This place was packed even on a thursday! Food - Chef Chu's lovers prawns ( one side is kitchen based sauce with onions and garlic, the other side was in the white wine sauce with frozen pes and carrots).  This dish was pretty poor.  The shrimp were not succulent and crunchy, they were a bit mushy.  The white wine side had no flavor and you can tell the peas/carrots were straight from the freezer as the inside of them also had the pasty frozen taste (Yinger's pointed that out).  Let's just say we didn't feel the love from these prawns. Basil chickplant in stone pot - Tasty!  Until the 8th bite and the salt , jalapenos, oil, more chili, garlic hits ya.  That's chinese food for ya baby!  this dish was pretty good but it was a lil overpowering in flavor. Bottom Line - Come if you are in the mood for nonauthentic chinese food.  Stay away from the lova's prawn and you won't feel no love afterwards. Service - Excellent What do you expect it's Americanized Chinese food?
Great Service. Food was delicious and fresh. I loved the busy atmosphere and watching the food go by. I had the Basil Chicken with garlic and it was yummy. Husband had the General's Chicken. Potstickers were super fresh and tasty. I also had a cup of Hot and Sour soup which was just okay.
This place has the takeout trifecta: 1. Awesome and unique food 2. Super-fast ready time 3. CHEAP (not all of it....but enough) I've heard that this place has been around for 40 years, which while this is 39 years and 9 months longer than I have known about it, doesn't dampen my appreciation for Chef Chus. Its really *tough* to find great chinese food that doesn't taste like its been frozen, microwaved from a box, or ramped up with MSG. Chef Chu's food never tastes like that, and in fact the flavor combinations are much closer to the authentic dishes I've had in China. Now don't get me wrong, Chu's is Americanized through and through and you'll find your General Tso's (their take on it anyway). But you also find some more authentic fare, as well as family dinner specials that are quite a deal. Egg rolls and soups are made in house, and it shows. Here's a tip: Check out the menu online, but order by phone. Quicker that way, I promise!
I give this place 4 stars for a rare mix of quality service and ambience mixed with authentic tasting dishes. Typically, the more upscale chinese restaurants cater to a different demographic and as a result, their food doesn't appeal as much to my family and I. However, this place nicely kept true to its roots while providing a great dining experience that is unusual to chinese restaurants. The peking duck was excellent--the duck is crispy rather than greasy and fatty. The lobster fried noodles (long xia yi mien) was pretty good, not the best I've had. It was a little too sweet). The sichuan clay pot  was average, had some of the sichuan spice and 'ma' to it but didn't stand out. There was a duck stir fried with sprouts which had a weird vinegar taste that didn't work too well. Finally, the fried shrimp balls was nothing special. It tasted like a shrimp ball deep fried.
I have been to this restaurant for the last 23 year, it is the only Chinese restaurant I go to. Consistent quality. Great Food. Friendly Service. Highly recommend.
I was pretty impressed when I went here for a work lunch.  First off, there are pictures of Chef Chu with both George Bush and Margaret Thatcher, among others.  Clearly, the man knows his shit.  You don't get photo ops with dignitaries if your food sucks ass. And he proved it.  The mongolian beef in particular was fantastic.  The service was prompt and courteous, as well; I know a lot of people had issues there but our waitress was fine.  Not fine in the "damn, I'd like a piece of that" way, but in the "you're effective and efficient at your chosen profession" way.
As you walk into this place, one of the first things you'll notice are the busy chef's preparing food behind large glass window.  You can see all the fresh ingredients and spices organized in containers.  By taking a look at how the kitchen is moving, this reassures me that the food will be better prepared. I've been here several times.  The food always taste fresh.  It's not extraordinary but, at least you know that you're being served good quality Chinese-American food. I was surprised to see a few Yelpers rave about the Lemon Chicken?  I ordered this and it was a chicken breast with lemon sauce drizzled on top.  The sauce was way too sweet and the chicken was just a a sliced breast with not much flavor.  This is my least favorite choice so far. This might give you an idea of what prices here looks like for family style servings: Egg Rolls (3) 4.80 Steamed Rice (person) 1.25 Chow Fun 8.95 Chow Mein 7.95 Prawns in Lobster sauce 10.95 Tea (complimentary) I haven't found another Chinese restaurant in the South Bay that can match the quality and taste of this Chef Chu's.  Tip: You can order your pick-up online.  They also offer single day cooking classes for beginners to intermediate for about $55-65.  Well, it's a good gift idea if you can get a couple of meals out of it.  It'll go something like this... "Hey, I'm feeling a little under the whether.  Can you whip-up some of that Hot n' Sour you know how to make?"
This place is the absolute WORST restaurant I've ever been to- Chinese or otherwise. The food is disgusting. The lemon chicken everyone raves about? Gross. I  ordered it and got an undercooked whole breast with what looked like a lemon lollipop partially melted on top. I could pick up the glaze in one piece and crunch it, it was that solid. We asked twice for refills on our drinks, but never got them. Once we got our food (late) we never saw our waiter again. We waited 15 minuts after finishing our meal for the check,  and finally just went to the cash register to pay without ever getting it. Then suddenly the waiter appeared and was all friendly. Generally, I am not of the school of not leaving a tip, but this guy got nothing, and I don't feel slightly bad about it. I'm sure he got plenty of money from the other tables he actually did pay attention to. Fail, fail, and FAIL.
Just OK Chinese food. Nothing special. Not repeatable.
Parking is terrible! Service is great, food is tasty. I've had better lemon chicken, but everything else was excellent. I would definitely recommend this place! Check it out for date night. :)
Wow!!! This place is everything everyone says it is... The pot stickers are a great appetizer!! Lemon chicken was fantastic!! The Kung pu chicken could have been more spicy
My favorite Chinese restaurant by far!  Last night I split with a friend an order of vegetarian spring rolls, vegetable chow mein, and candied pecans with prawns.  The chow mein was the best I've had, lots of vegetables, and the noodles were firm and had a great flavor.  The prawns were delicious - the sauce was sweet and thick, but not too overpowering.  My other favorite dishes are mooshoo (spelling?) vegetables, sechuan beef, pan fried noodles, and kung pao prawns.  Come to think of it, I've never had a bad dish here. The service is always great, too! They fill your water glass constantly, take your order and bring out your food quickly, and check on you periodically to make sure everything's good.
ok I'm updating this review...and dropping the amount of stars from 5 to 2  you can see what I wrote below before.  But  today I have had it. The food is not consistent. It was never authentic Chinese, but it was definitely one of my favs int he bay area the pot stickers which used to be my absolute favorite were very under cooked. the portion of meat in my Mongolian beef was ridiculous, I am not kidding when I say it was no more that 1/4 to 1/2 of a cups worth!  yet the prices have gone up. Chef Chu himself needs to get the f over himself.  I don't see him with a food network show, but he thinks he is pretty hot shit, and if you look like you have money he will kiss your ass.  This pisses me off, get over yourself. By the way all the pictures on the wall of Chef Chu with famous people.. dude if you wanna impress anyone, update the people on your wall, seriously Jimmy Carter?  Margret Thatcher..... whatever . Best chinese food on the peninsula hands down, nice service, although at times they are a bit snobby. Always clean always fast service No matter what we have had here (had ALOT of different things off the menu after going there 10+ years) is very good and tasty
I've had this place recommended to me by a few people, so I went to try it one night.  Between the two of us, we ordered way too much food, of course, since we wanted to try so many different things.  We had an order of dumplings (or pot stickers if you prefer), which were pretty good, although I still haven't found that perfect dumpling to compare with the ones from home.  They came ridiculously quickly, too!  Made me wonder how close to cooked they keep them back there :-) Then we had some mu-shu pork.  Even though it still freaks me out when they come over and do the assembly for you, it was tasty mu shu, if a touch gresier than I would have expected.  Plenty of pork with lots of egg also.  Between the dumplings and mu shu, we probably could have walked away satisfied, even if not full. Then for the main event we had shrimp with lobster sauce and tangerine beef.  The shrimp were tender and tasty, and the sauce was definitely a winner.  The Tangerine beef I thought could have been a bit spicier, but I doubt that opinion would have been shared across the table.  It was tasty, and the beef was very tender. The only catch was that we had to wait for about 25 minutes when they told us 10-15, and it was especially surprising since we got there at about 9pm on a Friday night.  Not exactly prime dining time for the masses any more.  We'll have to go back to sample more of their excellent menu.  Hopefully with more people so that we can try even more stuff!
Ordered a seafood clay-pot with a moo shoo chicken appetizer and wonton soup. The seafood clay-pot was incredible! One of the best Chinese influenced meals I've ever had. The moo shoo chicken was decent (good pancakes) and the soup was quite good. Definately worth going to for the clay-pot alone. Plus the tea was better than most. BEST DISH: Seafood Clay-Pot
I ate here a few weeks ago with a co-worker. He convinced me that this place had the best Chinese in the Bay Area. I'm not so sure about that, maybe the best in Mountain View. I've had better, actual "Chinese" food in the city. Nevertheless, the food was good here. I was thoroughly impressed. The lunches were reasonably priced for the amount of food you get. I've only tried one lunch dish, so I need to go back and try more for an adequate review. All said and done, the Szechuan Chicken was excellent.
Everyone here is really friendly and I like that it is a family run business.  The food is clean, tasty, and even though it's americanized Chinese food, it's cooked well, which beats out bad food posing as authentic Chinese food (I'm looking at you, House of Nanking). I always get: hot and sour soup, chinese chicken salad, snow white chicken, hot pepper steak, and some pork dish with thinly sliced tofu that is not on the menu.
I am compelled to write a good review on this place based on the service alone.  My family and I have been going to this place for years and they are always very friendly.  Larry, the owners son still recognizes me, even though I haven't gone nearly as much as I used too and he still gives us free dessert. The food is good.  My favorite dish is the basil garlic chicken claypot.  And their lovers prawns and steamed sea bass is very good as well.  They have a lot of dishes that you typically wouldn't find in other chinese restaurants.  This place is definitely a must try for a foodie.
It's pricy, but good food. Not much options in this area so you expect it to be expensive. Lots of celebrity status, which makes it more expensive. When you walk in they have a ton of photos of celebrities that have passed through.  It's good, but living in San Jose I've had better and cheaper.
I used to work near Chef Chu's.  It was my former boss's restaurant of choice to take clients and new employees.  We also had catered lunches from here on occasion - it was a favorite for most of us (I will note that none of my co-workers at the time were Chinese, though). The dish that I've come back for when I'm in the area is the Candied Pecans with Prawns.  This was my introduction to this "Americanized" dish and other similar ones (honey walnut prawns, etc.).  Americanized or not, I LOVED it!  I became mildly obsessed and have since tried many times to find something of comparable taste closer to home, but I haven't so far.  If you're a fan of this type of dish, I would recommend giving it a try.  It's kind of a weird dish to have all on its own, but I've done it a couple of times since it is a bit on the pricey side. I only come here for takeout now, but dine in service was pretty good.  They left the spring rolls off of a takeout order once, but at least I didn't get charged for them.
My company orders lunch to-go from these guys from time to time. They are marginally-edible at lunch but absolutely terrible for dinner. The problem isn't that the restaurant is inauthentic, but that they pretend that they serve legitimate Chinese food. I would argue that Panda Express is better because you eat there expecting to order fake Chinese food. However, this place somehow pretends that black pepper salmon is a legitimate Chinese dish. Their fried rice is absolutely disgusting and their dessert of mango ice cream + fried banana is more Thai than Chinese. In the Bay Area, it's pretty difficult to eat fake Chinese food that is peddled as the real deal, but this place is the exception to the rule. Rather than admitting that they're to Chinese food as Unamas is to Mexican food, they actually pretend that they're Chinese fine dining. ==== Rubric: 5 = Mindblowing 4 = Excellent 3 = I see the charm 2 = Disappointing 1 = Never again
I don't know what the commotion is about this place. Chef Chu this ..world known..blah blah.  I mean the food is mediocre.  Would I consider the food to be authentic chinese?  I don't know your asking the wrong person! lol  Ok, so it's not asian fusion.  The question boils down to was the food tasty?  Edible yes, but memorable not quite. Pu Pu Platter (For two) A combination of: Crab & cheese puffs, fried jumbo prawns, grilled chicken sticks & vegetarian-style spring rolls $8.95 Steamed Sea Bass Succulent, tender boneless fish filets, steamed your way $18.95 General Chicken Chicken strips sauteed with bell peppers, onion & carrot in a peking bean sauce $11.95 The place was semi packed.  The waiters were friendly and attentive.  Place was a bit on the noisy side, and the waiters move fast. Am I missing something?? Did I try the wrong dishes? What made my night was being with my date, and if it means having mediocre chinese food ...so be it!!
You'll want to make a reservation before going. Firstly, I need to qualify this rating as strictly for the food. The service wasn't that good, but they are BUSY, and the food is AMAZING, so leniency is justified. I ordered the spicy garlic scallops and was very pleased. The Asian Big Macs were delicious. My friend ordered the Mongolian Beef, which, as a standard, is a solid but unimpressive dish. Not here, however. This Mongolian Beef blew my socks off. I'll definitely be making an excuse to get here next time I'm in the bay area. Lord knows there isn't much good Chinese food in LA.
I've been driving past this place for years. Every time I tell people I live in Mountain View, near San Antonio Rd. the next question out of their mouth is "oh by that one Chinese Restaurant, I love that place." So after years of hearing this I was excited to give Chef Chu's a try. Apparently it's a local landmark and I can see why. I must admit I was excited about this place, just because I have seen it a thousand times but never from the inside. I could already imagine it. I would walk in and there would be ornate golden doors, men and women dressed in 12 century Chinese garb, beautiful intricate carvings and exotic woods and plush bright red fabrics, loud smoke filled rooms with a lot of loud Chinese being spoken, the sound of gongs banging and maybe even a secret gambling room or an opium den in the basement, OK I have quite the imagination. The reality is Chef Chu's is bit like every type of Chinese banquet restaurant that I have been to. According to my wife the cuisine is catered more toward the western crowd than native Chinese. The place could have used some sprucing up. The carpets were bit worn and the wood railings were distressed, the whole decor was a bit tired and old, nothing like I would have imagined it. To their defense it did seem clean unlike some other Chinese Establishments I have partroned, I didn't check the bathrooms however. The food I thought was decent. Again I am a vegetarian which means Chinese food is usually not a very good choice, but I left full and that says a lot. I had the Mushu Vegetables, with the paper thin pancakes and Hoison sauce. I thought that was good and had at least 3 of those. Also the chow mein was delightful. Pot stickers I really didn't care for but that's mostly because I don't like pot stickers. Overall I thought it was OK. I don't think I will be rushing back any time soon, but maybe I'll take an out of towner there so that they can experience Chef Chu's in Los Altos.
I would say its pretty pricey for dinner but the atmosphere of the restaurant is really nice and Chef Chu himself usually walks around asking people how their meal is. My thought on food is that if I don't remember something, then it was pretty average.. and I can't remember half the things I ate that night. My friends and I ordered several courses and the only thing I can remember is their Peking Duck with the Chinese rolls and sauce. PURE DELIGHT. Definitely one of the best Peking duck dishes I've ever tried in the States (if you ever get the chance to go to China, be sure to try the real Peking duck!) The skin was crispy but the meat was tender and soft, everything was flavorful and the bun is fresh and still hot. I love that they cut up the meat for you so its more convenient to stuff inside the buns (less messy which is great when you're in a more formal environment lol). Definitely be back just to eat the duck again :)
Great Chinese food with a very wide selection; it's tricky narrowing down the selections to one meal's worth.  They did a great job for a friend's wedding rehearsal dinner, and even offer cooking courses. Note that there's an extra overflow parking lot in back of the restaurant; it comes in handy during busy times.
Have been going here since I was a kid in the mid 70's.  Now I take my daugher and she loves it. Food is consistently fresh and good.  Wish I could get some real heat / spice upon request. Parking can be a challenge at times.  Just keep looking for a spot, prepare for a walk and don't forget where you parked.
Great food, but quite expensive for the area.  My parents have brought guests here several times.  Noodles with lobster were great as a special, pillow tofu is unique and worth ordering.  The menu is large and quite interesting, going far beyond the usual Americanized dishes.  Ask the waiter for a better tea than the one that is automatically placed on the table. Update, July 2010: I had my graduation dinner here with family friends, and it was a delicious meal.  We were seated in a semi-private room, with very attentive service, and Chef Chu came out to say hello - he is such a gracious restauranteur.
I can't really imagine ever giving a business 5 stars, but if anyone comes close, it's Chef Chu's, for their friendly staff, quick service, amazing food, and reasonable prices. After wanting to go there for a while (I work right down the street), I finally did last week, and it was so good I had to go again today. The first thing I noticed was the super cute hostess who greeted me, and didn't make me feel at all awkward when I asked for a table for one, something other restaurants seem to have trouble with. After arriving at the table, it was all food from there. The lunch menu is fairly standard: soup, plus entree, plus rice for around $10, which includes tea. Not a bad deal, especially considering that half of my Hunan Chicken is sitting in the fridge right now waiting for dinner. Tea and water were brought immediately, and the soup followed a few minutes later. The waiter managed to time everything perfect so that my food arrived just after he took the soup bowl away. The lunch was awesome in that I could definitely taste all the different flavors (ginger, garlic, etc.) in the dish separately, and yet they somehow blended together as well. Overall, Chef Chu's was a great experience, and a place I'd definitely recommend for lunch any day, especially considering that I didn't have to wait for a table either time I went there. 4 stars. Highlights - cute hostess, fast, friendly, and POLITE service (lots of thank yous, etc.) - great portions, enough for two meals for a small guy like me, for a reasonable price - excellent food, especially the hot and sour soup. amazing. Cautions - parking sucks. the one parking spot I found had a huge puddle next to it, which I didn't notice until after my foot was drenched... ~ Louis C.
I know this place is famous, and my parents are very fond of it, but after my recent visit, I can't really say I understand why. I vaguely remember eating here in 2001 and thinking it was ok, but that was almost a decade ago. And I know what fresh, authentic asian food tastes like now. (Yes, there is a case for 'americanized' food being judged on a different metric, but still.) On the night I went this winter, parking was tricky, and frankly the entrance/exit near intersection is at a slightly tricky angle, too. Our waiter was a bit curt about the fact that my parents hadn't fully decided when he came to take our order, and tried to hurry them along. Waiters also tried to take our dishes before we were through with them. The dressing with the chinese chicken salad, which is my mom's favorite, was good and interesting, but it was also trying to hide unimpressively wilted lettuce. The sweet'n'sour chicken really isn't my thing; and the mongolian beef was ok, but not phenomenal. I will fully admit we may have been somewhat limited by the fact that my parents won't choose spicy dishes, but still, eh. Everything could've been fresher. My favorite food that night was the potstickers, but they're pretty hard to screw up. I will say I saw a couple of cool-looking dishes on my way in and out, so if I ever do end up being dragged back, I'll check Yelp suggestions out for dishes.
Awesome! I practically grew up here. And years later, it's still great. The service is great -- they treat you like family. The food is awesome and the prices are reasonable. It's not a chain, which makes it even better quality. Love it! You must try it if you haven't already.
This place is amazing.  Excellent service & delicious food - very reasonably priced.  Our server checked on us multiple times, and our food was ready before we were finished with our appetizers.  Try the Pu Pu platter, it's quite good!
Chef Chu recently catered my wedding, and his innovation and flexibility will keep me going back to the restaurant routinely. Knowing that we wanted to avoid pork on the menu, he came up with a great eggplant over crispy rice dish as an appetizer, and weaved through a banquet menu that was top notch! Pork, of course, is used in Chinese food liberally as the main attraction, as a background note, as a flavor enhancer, and pretty much as a condiment or seasoning! To avoid pork altogether was a feat in itself! I'll forever be indebted to Chef Chu to making that aspect of our wedding a great success!
This is definitely not the authentic Chinese food for Chinese. 85% customers are white. Everything taste sweet even their pot sticker soy sauce and salad dressing. I am really disappointed about their food and atmosphere. I saw lots of photos with celebrities and I am sure that they know how to advertise and marketing themselves. If you are looking for authentic Chinese food. Please do not consider this place.
Still good food and service after all these years...but it has a worn look. Decent portions for lunch!  Still recommend it, but needs an upgrade.
I'm not a big fan of authentic Chinese food.  I realized that during a recent trip during which, on a number of occasions, fried tripes and ox brains stewed in mysterious herbs and spices were presented by rude servers (together with a bottle of half-drunk snake wine in which the snake still appeared hydrated).  Not to mention the jacking up of prices so our drivers can get a kickback for bringing us there. I like my kung pao chicken, steamed vegetables and hot and sour soup, so I appreciate places like Chef Chu's.  No snake wine or anything of that nature in sight.  Instead, the servers are friendly; the dishes, tasty and hot, doesn't have any unsavory foreign ingredients in it and there is transparency when it comes to prices. Our go-to dishes here are always the good ol' black pepper beef and steamed sea bass with ginger and shallot.  Never fail.
Super-duper good food, and one of the best service experience I've ever had, even though the wait is long for this ever-popular restaurant.
As with any restaurant specific dishes appeal to different people.  Chef Chu's Hot and Sour soup.  I prefer more tofu, shrimp, fatty pork and less white pepper in my hot and sour soup.  But that is what appeals to me.  My favorites are the beef chow fun (it has Mongolian beef), the kung pao prawns, any eggplant, green bean, snow peas, or broccoli dish, any black bean dish such as clams or salmon, the sichuan beef and I also like the Mongolian lamb. Many times I will just make a pot of rice at home and call in a to go order of noodles, a beef and vegetable dish, and a prawn dish. A main reason I like this restaurant is the cookbook.  I can customize any recipe to my liking.  It is very easy to make large portions for parties and potlucks such as Chinese chicken salad.  Co-workers and friends rave about Chef Chu's Chinese Chicken Salad "Charles" Style (Essentially whatever is on sale in the produce section of the supermarket. Cucumbers, celery, perhaps a different lettuce, etc.). http://www.chefchu.com/C... It is not hard to find parking if familiar with the streets and parking lots.  I like to come with smaller groups because seating may take longer for groups over 6.  We ate dinner here during the Palo Alto Art Festival last week.  Many in our group enjoyed the tofu dishes, the pork dishes, and the hot and sour soup.  The children liked the ice cream served on a scallop shell.  They thought the lychee ice cream had a too overpowering flowerly flavor.  Food is always consistent quality.  Staff is professional, knowledgeable, intuitive and friendly.
There are tons of Chinese food options near Stanford, but one of my favorites is Chef Chu's despite the bit of a drive down El Camino Real which might as well be 100 miles to most college kids. I've gone there several times and the service and food have been consistently strong.  As for the ambiance, the restaurant is relatively brightly lit, decorated with strong reds in typical chinese fashion.  The main decoration, though, are rows of pictures of celebrities and Silicon Valley types who have come through the restaurant. One of my favorite dishes here, which I order almost everytime, is the Sichuan Claypot with Chicken (~$14).  It's a hot clay pot, filled with soft tofu and chicken in a spicy garlic sauce.  One of my favorite foods is simply white rice with SAUCE.  And this sauce is near the top of them all. The other dish I really like is the Hot & Sour soup.  I always get hot and sour soup from every asian restaurant I can.  They advertise it as the best in town, and it is definitely one of the best I've tried.  Chef Chu's version comes with chicken, and balances the spices really well. Overall, I've had great experiences everytime I've been there and wholeheartedly recommend for some good, although somewhat mainstream Chinese cuisine.
I have been going here for 25 years.....it is still the best Chinese food place on the Peninsula.  Everyone that I bring here absolutely loves the food, service and ambiance. And they will prepare the food to my quirky taste.  They will also substitute or change something if needed.  Sit at the bar and Larry will usually come over and talk to you.  I don't think I will ever get tired of this place. If you go, be sure and try any of the fish dishes.  Of special note: the Pan Seared Scallops with Spicy Garlic Sauce was "slap your mama good".  Some may think the dishes are pricey, but it is well worth it.  Personally, I don't think they are overpriced, but I don't mind paying top dollar for a great restaurant.
As noted in my profile...Chef Chu's would be my last meal on earth. Best Chinese food in the Bay Area! IMHO It's in Los Altos and my home is in San Jose and I still am willing to make that drive as often as possible. I find that any time I eat Chinese food anywhere else I'm holding it to a Chef Chu's, five star standard...and nothing ever comes close. My all time fave dish (and what I order when I'm by myself for the lunch special)...Kung Pow Chicken for sure! My usual order with the fam: pot stickers, kung pow chicken and white rice, candied pecan prawns and beef chow fun-all washed down with a glass of riesling. My family knows...we show up I order for everyone...we enjoy. Why mess with perfection?! The owners son (who I now know by reading other yelpers is Larry)always recognizes me and asks how I'm doing and if I haven't been in, in a while he says "I haven't seen you in a while" (which now I feel bad because it made me realize I didn't know his name...I'm a jerk) It's a white table cloth, cloth napkin, upscale but not pretentious restaurant. Give it a whirl if you are in the area...I guarantee you'll be back. It's sooo bomb and consistent (which is important).
Food is great.  Tasty and nice presentation also.  They have a kitchen window so kids can watch the chefs prepare the dishes while waiting to be seated. Make sure that you make a reservation since Chef Chu is always busy.  Very busy.
I think I like that this is clearly a family business and just the feel of it makes me like it.  I can tell that this business is more than just a place to eat.  I like that I can look into the kitchen and watch them cooking like crazy while I am waiting to be seated. It is a bit expensive for take out and often has a wait for dinner, so I don't go here often.  But it is solid food, some dishes better than others ( I am not a fan of the wonton soup because it doesn't quiet get the flavor I want right.  I love the chicken and beef dishes that I have tried.)  The meat and veggies are good quality and taste fresh. However, I do think they could give a little more meat in veggie meat combos. Beef with broccoli feels like it is "BROCCOLI (with beef)" They get the flavors right on the dishes though.  I do always spend more than I planned and feel like it isn't a great value.
Crowded and average with no parking. Lunch was typical fare with nothing that stood out. Do these people  that call this place the greatest Chinese place they've ever eaten at,know good Chinese? One of the reviewers commented that the chef/owner pioneered this style of food for PF Changs. Doesn't that say it all?
I came down to visit my grandmother for her birthday this summer and we wanted a place for dinner and I knew she as well as I loved this place so we went there.  Great restaurant! Love It!  The food has been constantly good and the pricing isn't bad either.   My favorite is the pineapple chicken and the fried rice was good too.  You'll love this place for special occasions, birthdays or when your just in the mood for good Chinese food.
The best Chinese food I've ever had!  Their beef & broccoli is perfect!  The broccoli bright green and fresh and the beef crispy yet tender.
This is a good chinese resturant but it is not all that special. The food tastes ok and the atmosphere is nice but it doesn't seperates itself from the pack. This is a kool place but nothing to get excited about.
I love Chef Chu's never a disapointment, The snow white chicken is delicious and paper thin.; The lover's prawns....awesomePepper steak, it does melt in your mouth. If you order to go sit at the bar with Edwin and have one of his famous drinks.
Loved it since I was a kid.  It's wonderful to see a family owned business that has thrived so well and still has the same service and quality of food.
The event was the reception to my wife's graduation.  I made the reservations for 13 ppl at one table & they confirmed we'd be upstairs.  We got there & they seated us at 2 separate tables & said the upstairs was all booked just two days later.  Big disappointment because my wife who wanted to give a thank you speech & who has stage fright became very unsure the speech was going to happen. We were surrounded by strangers at our two tables & that didn't help at all. Our order: minced chicken in lettuce cups, eggplant in garlic sauce, miso broiled sea bass, hong kong style chow mein, pepper steak, stir fried green beans, shrimp & honeyed walnuts & steamed rice. The food was excellent & all of our guests were very pleased w/ the quality of food.  The service was great & attentive.  I had to almost push my wife out of her chair to give the speech but all in all, it was a good experience & we basically got this place some more patrons for the future because they were so impressed w/ the food.  You just need to be very clear & confirm your expectations for reservations because they WILL change it up on you.
I work right next door to this place, so it's become one of my regular lunch spots.  Dishes I always get:  Famous Chicken Salad and Kung Pao Chicken.  The lunch specials come with a great hot and sour soup.  At first I was a little skeptical about this place but the Chicken Salad won me over. A cool fact:  Chef Chu's son directed Step Up 2.  Now if that's not a selling point then I don't know what is.  (If you walk inside, you'll see a Step Up 2 poster prominently displayed on one of the walls.)
Fantastic Chinese food.  I grew up with Chinese/Taiwanse cooking and I think these guys rock.  Try the steamed sea bass if you're in doubt. My fiance and I are there so often that Larry knows us by name.  He always strives to please! Serving etiquette is also very authentically Chinese ... that is something highly revered and appreciated along with the food.  The experience as a whole is what you are paying for.  And their prices are very low compared to many Western copycats.  ;)   There is a vast variety of Chinese and Taiwans foods from region to region, and Chef Chu's has a very authentic Mandarin style with a slight California twist.  So don't be surprised if the deep-friend dishes aren't up to par with, you know, PF Chiang's.  ;) Would be nice if they had a strong wine list to go with their foods in lieu of the few standard off-the-shelf cocktails.  Some good German rieslings, gewurztraminers, and even crisp French white Bordeaux would be lovely with many of their dishes.
I went here for lunch on Nov. 12, 2008 with a friend from work.  The daily lunch specials are very reasonably priced, especially considering the nice atmosphere and super service. We shared salmon in spicy black bean sauce and twice cooked pork, which was thin sliced pork, tofu and cabbage in a soy-based sauce. Both very good. The appetizer egg rolls were excellent - very hot, crisp, flaky exterior and the vegetable filling quite fresh, two dipping sauces came with the egg rolls, as well as soy sauce on the table.  On the daily lunch special you get a choice of egg roll or soup. They also have an option to create your own three item daily lunch special.  I've done this before with great results. This place is great!  At lunch it's a mixed crowd of business people and Los Altos senior citizens, even saw a couple of toddlers today having lunch with their moms.  They accommodate anyone.  It's not super trendy, more like comfort food.
I have been coming here since I was a kid, for about 30 years, and find it to be the best Chinese cuisine in the South Bay. Great variety and some cant miss dishes too: Moo Shoo anything! Dry Braised Prawns Seszuan Beef Hot and Sour Soup!!
I'm not usually big on American style Chinese restaurant, but Chef Chu is an authentic Chinese chef who knows how to advertise himself among the big shots and with Yan can cook. Franky, being Chinese, I won't come here for food in most cases because i prefer going to places that have much better value.  This place is more for American who doesn't mind to spend money. There are 2 dishes I recommend:  Chinese chicken salad and five spice beef stew noodle.  That's what I order every time I eat there.  Mostly the noodle, not as much for the salad.  But they are very good... the salad use a very nice sesame oil dressing with nicely grilled chicken and fried vermicelli as crisp in the salad.  The noodle is very good, it's a little bit spicy but to many, it barely tickles.  The flavor is very good.  I do go there occasionally just to have those noodle soup.  Very different than A&J style beef noodle.  I like them both. Price: expensive... Service:  Huh? It's a Chinese restaurant?  Wow... nice service. Chill beans,
Went here for my birthday in Dec, and really enjoyed it. Went back last night for some takeout, and it wasn't quite what I remembered but was still good. Finally, I was pleasantly surprised that they're celebrating their 40th anniversary by providing commemorative canvas/cloth bags along with some/most takeout orders. (Maybe you need to order a minimum amt?) It was nice to get a little something extra for my $45.
One of my favorite Chinese restaurants in the Bay Area.  Family establishment with Chef Chu and his family continuing to run this as their sole operation after all of these years. This ensures they are able to maintain quality control and the food is always delicious and consistent. Some family favorites include Chicken Salad, Chicken with Sizzling Rice, and Mongolian Beef. You can even have them make the Chicken Salad and Sizzling Rice vegetarian style and their Yee Mein and Vegetable Delight are good for vegetarians as well. Plan to wait on weekends and holidays unless you have a reservation. They also do a lot of take out business.
This is a really good place with great food and good service. The parking is rather frustrating if you go when it's busy however it's well worth it. The food is really good and they have a great menu selection. I have enjoyed every dish I have ever had here. The service is really good also. You will see the owners walking around greeting and talking to people. You can tell a lot of people come back here as they know a lot of their repeat customers name.
We love Chef Chu's!  It's the best chinese food on the peninsula.  Everything on their menu is good. We order out from their several times per month so we've tried just about everything.  It's always consistently good.  And they NEVER forget anything you order.  There are places we order take out from that we know to always open the bag and check before we leave - not Chef Chu's.  Since we order from them often we appreciate the buy 10 take-out purchase get $25 off, so remember to take your menu with you every time.  Our favorites are the Beijing beef and the lover's prawns.
We came for lunch and everything was good.  We had hot and sour soup, braised tofu, and a spicy seafood dish.  I have a feeling that their dinner dishes are even better.  A bit pricey, but, in my opinion, well worth it!
This is my favorite Chinese place.  Sure, the dishes my be geared towards a 'western palate', but the food is very good and of a much higher quality then the typical chinese restaurant.  Although it can be crowded at times, the wait in never too long, and the service is always excellent.  Good take-out service as well.
I went to this place for the first time with all the Chinese co-workers(50+) to celebrate the Chinese New Year.  We had the special group meal with consist of a hole fish, beef on sizzling plate, the lettuce cup, the rice with cured meats, moo goo gai pan, spicy garlic shrimp, some soup, and some dessert.  I think the place is good but not truly authentic as some of the reviewers would suggest.  And the service was good in my opinion and way better compared to those really authentic Chinese restaurant.  It will definitely please those who like Chinese food on the Authentic side but with a bit of the American influence.  I would go back there again if I was taking some of my Caucasian friends who like Chinese food.
The food is good.  Go if you want Chinese specifically, but not a place to otherwise seek out.
One of my favorite restaurants. The food is amazing. I always get the hot and sour soup and the mushu pork. But everything else that I have tried has been delicious. The service is fast and friendly. Definitely the best Chinese restaurant I have been to :)
First time there for lunch. The food was very good; service is average.
Chef Chu's is our family's go to restaurant. As mentioned by other reviewers, it is definitely an Americanized version of Chinese food but it is consistently good and our kids love it!  They serve mostly Mandarin dishes, our favorites are the lemon chicken, kung pao chicken and almost all of their soups!  The service is very friendly and welcoming and it's a great place for a family dinner night out. The family style of service is also fun especially if you get a table with a lazy susan on it.  The only drawback is that it definitely gets a bit crowded and you may wait a bit for a table.....but the wait is worth it!
Definitely one of my favorites. The egg flower soup is fresh and with no signs of msg, their aromatic duck is both crispy and succulent, and their crab and cheese wontons are the best I've ever had. mmm I can feel my arteries clogging already. Cons: reservations mean shit. I came here with my dad and my sister, and a party of 6 without reservations got seated before us.
Ate there yesterday for the first time in years: The great: Chinese Chicken Salad.  It's the best chicken salad I've had and they are rightly known for that. The Good: The crab and cheese puffs.  good flavor, a little less crab flavor than I expected The just OK: The honey pecan prawns.  too much mayonnaise and too little prawns.
Traditional Chinese food rules over American.  However, their Chef Chu's Famous Chicken salad is good. Wonder how the on-line order system works, but won't bother trying it as there are much better places around.
In my opinion the best Chinese food in the south bay. Used to come here alot when I worked in the area. My mouth is watering just thinking about the cashew chicken and broccoli beef.
The February 8 Chinese New Year Feast 2012 was a fantastic delight and a great value at $85 for food and wine service.  The last of the feasts will be Wednesday, February 15. The evening's 3-hour dinner began with New Year Sweet Treats of candied fruits and nuts, then the crisp crackling skin and moist succulent  Roast Suckling Pig, Kabocha Bisque with Fat Choy Purses filled with mushrooms and seafood for prosperity and wealth, Smoked Semi-boneless Quail on a citrus julienned salad, Half Maine Lobster braised in a Spicy Fragrant Sauce on Hand-Pulled Noodles, New Year Jai-black moss Fat Choy to cleanse the body and soul with Baby Bok Choy, Mongolian Lamb with Leeks and Flaky Sesame Buns, Cha Siew Grilled Sea Bass and the traditional sweet finish of Eight Treasure Sweet Rice Pudding. "we will celebrate our 32nd Annual Chinese New Year Banquets 25, February 1, 8, 15, 2012. The actual new year day falls on January 23, hence, we are planning an early start for our dinners. We will celebrate the Year of the Dragon, 4710 on the lunar calendar. Our guest vintner will be Martella Vineyards, made by Michael Martella, who is also the winemaker at Thomas Fogarty. Michael has been making deli- cious wines under his own label for many years. He will share his excellent wines for the first time at our dinners. The price is $85 per person, which includes tax, gratuity and wine tasting." Not to Be Missed:  next sign up for the 2013 Feast will be after January 1, 2013
My family and I ate here for a big dinner the other night, with tons of kids. I was surprised; after all these years of eating only the beef noodle soup here, it turns out that their other food is quite good as well. Some highlights: Peking duck. Just the way it's supposed to be; crispy skin, moist meat, fluffy buns. Lamb chops. Not exactly authentic Chinese, but deliciously moist all the same. It's cooked all the way through, not rare, but somehow it's still tender. Tofu of some kind. Big chunks, kind of fried. All the tofu here is apparently very soft and handled well. Beef noodle soup (of course). The kids loved the non-spicy kind, and the adults loved the red-braised one. Lobster egg noodles. For the new year, it's Chinese tradition to eat noodles, since their length implies long life. The noodles seem hand-pulled in texture, and the lobster was delicious. Sesame red bean mochi balls with hot almond soup. Oh this was tasty, Chef Chu, who had been wandering around and talking to us all night, told us a surprise was coming for dessert. The mochi was fresh and still warm, as was the red bean, and the fresh almond soup was a great end to the night. Warning. My family is Chinese and ordered this menu directly from the chef. We were told not to order off the banquet menu, since it's largely not true Chinese food. I guess you need to specially point out that you want real Chinese food; Chef Chu's has a reputation for being not that authentic when catering to the non-Chinese crowd. The parking in front is abysmal, but there's another lot in the back. Follow the signs on the back side of the building.
The regular chinese food here i've never had, because the place started out as a spicy braised beef... Read more 
This review is for service related issues only. Chef Chus is one of our favorite restaurants However we were there on a very busy night and the experience was not up to par.First the hostess did not seem inclined to seat us where we asked.(We had reservations but evidently on that evening it was sit where you are told.)Unfortunately we had a very uninterested waiter Walked by our table for 20 minutes before acknowledging we existed.It was down hill after that We had to ask others for refills etc.While he was overly attentive to 2 tables around us. However and this is why Im writing the review at the end of the meal just after  the check he became overly attentive.Checking to see if we had paid every minute.Than even though we were not finished we paid intending to leave the tip  later before leaving He than proceeded to tell us twice tip not included Than come back to the table and check to see if we had left a tip at least 5 more times while we finished  Very offensive Food was good but this review strictly for service If I didnt like their food so much this would have been 1 star
Great chinese food. We end up picking this place to go to when we want to eat chinese.
OMG, I love this place! My first visit was back in October of 2009, and I'm already addicted. The chicken salad is fantastic, the lemon chicken has just the right amount of tang, the Sichuan green beans are yummy, the Sichuan beef is crispy and got just a little kick, love the sauteed spinach, great won ton soup .. woo, this place is awesome. It's a drive for me but well worth it. Lol, I've got myself all worked up now so I have to go get some.
Typical americanized chinese food. Nothing at all stood out to me.
Great.
I'll admit it.  I'm an uneducated individual who points fingers many times without any personal first-hand knowledge.  I'll passionately bash Walmart with the fury of a 1,000 hormonally cramped women without having ever stepped foot in one.  I'll look down and judge those who use Hotmail or Lycos or whatever instead of Gmail.  And I'll immediately dismiss those who say they think that PF Chang's is good as having horrible taste in Chinese food. Have I ever been to PF Chang's?  Nope, never.  My Southern California suburban hometown was never affluent enough to live the American Dream of PF Chang's, Cheesecake Factory, or Apple Computers.  But I can imagine what PF Chang's might taste like, and in my mind it tastes like Chef Chu's (i.e. THISPLACESUCKSDOTCOM). I could kind of figure out how the food was going to taste based on the decor from the outside.  My mom commented "hao xiang lau mei de can guan" which means "looks like a restaurant for old Americans".  And she was right.  Chinese people don't really care much for decor.  They will fight hoards of buffalo, step on cockroach fetuses, and dismiss rat droppings as "ambiance" if the food is worth it.  It doesn't mean that anywhere with decent decor has bad food, per se, but it does mean that the restaurant is trying to attract a different clientele than the traditionalists. And attract it does!  The first thing you notice when you walk into the restaurant are the pictures on the wall to your right - Chef Chu with Jimmy Carter, Chef Chu with Margaret Thatcher, Chef Chu with George HW Bush, etc etc etc.  I may (or may not) trust these dignitaries with foreign and domestic policy, but for Chinese food, I'd rather trust Auntie Lindo and Uncle Samwo thank you very much. Anyways, we were served complimentary hot and sour soup and rice with our lunch specials, which were the salmon with black bean sauce, dry frief beef chow fun, curry shrimp, and yu shang pork.  None of the dishes stood out with any sort of flavor or pizzazz, the portions were small, and lunch specials cost around 9 bucks each.  I think what stood out the most was in fact the hot and sour soup, and I'm sorry, but if your free appetizer is the most noteworthy of your dishes, well, I'd re-examine your dishes.  All the meantime, I had to listen to extremely white-bred upper class Stanford-educated retirees talk about "their wonderful trip to the Asian countries" and how "amazed we are by the food here" and how "exotic my sizzling rice soup tastes." I'm sorry, but I felt a little ashamed that I was in this restaurant.  My family was the only Chinese clientele here, other than some rich Chinese gang-banging dot-commer and his Asian hoochie-mama short jean skirt with Ugg princess.  I don't fault Chuf Chu for trying to attract the dot-com wealth of Los Altos and its environs into his restaurant, but I do fault him for doing it by blanding his food down to the point where I can barely call it Chinese food.  Chinese food is SOOOO good and it's obviously very difficult to make it right as evidenced by the many many lackluster Chinese meals I've eaten, it bothers me when they knowingly fuck up Chinese food to serve it to a different palate.  China is HUGE country, and you can find something for every palate, numbed or otherwise.  Because I'm not all negative, you can tell Chef Chu's uses fresh ingredients and quality meats, so I won't fault him completely. That said, I shall never return again to Chef Chu's.  And until George HW Bush, Jimmy Carter, and Margaret Thatcher want to climb over roach fetuses to join me for Chinese food, I probably won't be dining with them anytime soon.  I'll be avoiding rat droppings with Bill and Hillary, because I get the hunch they probably don't like PF Chang's.
Best Chinese food in the bay area. No joke. You all gotta try it at least once. Me love this place long time.
Updated 06/19/08 You must think Mika and I are crazy coming back here (just after two days from having lunch here)!  We're back!   I was so craving for the Sichuan Beef again!   This time we added the garlic string beans and Hong Kong style crispy noodles with mixed vegetables and seafood.   Hella killer plate!   Thanks Chef Chu!     By the way, 4.5 stars for today's visit.  I understand that our waiter was swapped, but we were on a time schedule. ========================================= Located on the corner of El Camino Real and San Antonio road (next to Peet's Coffee) lies one of the best Chinese restaurants in Los Altos / Palo Alto area.  Enter Chef Chu's. Upon our early lunch arrival at 11:30am, Mika and I were greeted by the host and found immediate seating.     I was quite impressed with the cleanliness of the dining area and attentive service by our waiter who presented the menu with his great recommends for lunch.   This is very rare for a Chinese restaurant and for the moment thought I was dining at one of the upscale places in New York - that was the last time I visited a prestigious Chinese restaurant.       So we went over the menu items and Mika delivered our plan of attack for this family style luncheon. Sizzling Rice Soup with Shrimp Served with generous portions of boiled shrimp, this new and exciting dish is served with crispy rice that is directly served at your table side.    The waiter pours the sizzling hot rice into the soup opening a grand introduction to today's lunch.   Once served I was surprised how fluffy and tasty the rice is in this soup.   No soggy mess!    However be warned - this can be a meal in itself.   It's plentiful and hearty so save room for the other dishes.   Note:  I'm going to make this a great substitute to Wor Wonton Soup. Sichuan Beef For years I have been finding my long time favorite of Sichuan Beef.   My last favorite dish of Sichuan Beef came from the Golden Phoenix restaurant in Hayward.    The place had closed down in 1996 and since then there hasn't been a predecessor until now.   Catching my hunger eyes on the menu, I asked Mika to order this dish.   I was quite confident that this was going to be a hit and not a crash and burn cuisine.     When our dish arrived, I began to have awesome memories of the Golden Phoenix.    OMG!   The presentation was so close with the color of the sauce as it sat on the crunchy white dried noodles.     This had to be my first bite before anything else!     Blast from the past!  It was sooooo good!      Much like my old favorite, this is deep fried beef fillet that is glazed in hot and spicy garlic sauce.    This is a big recommend for first timers.   I was very much sold and awarding Chef Chu an automatic five stars.     Who would have known that I could have found it here!      Hey Omar!     The Golden Phoenix Sichuan Beef has returned! Half of Aromatic Duck Crowd pleaser?  Definitely!    Served crunchy with white stuffing buns and house sauce, this is another kicker to our afternoon luncheon.   Though some parts of the duck were dry, the natural oil taste of the skin gave a flavorful taste to the dark meat.    Our half duck order was more than enough for two people.      I already felt guilty about adding more calories so I had to let go of this succulent dish.   I love duck but its one of those, "moments on your lips and forever in your hips." Parking:   This is going to difficult because the plaza has limited parking that is shared with Peet's coffee and other shops.    If you're here for lunch, get here before 11:30am.    We were so lucky to get parking right behind the restaurant. Take To Go:  Yes.   Place your orders over the phone.   I'll probably be doing this more often for the " working late " nights.  I'm stoked that Chef Chu's is right next to my company. Yelp Sticker on the Door:   Oh yeah!  You know its going to be good! Perfect for large groups:  Yes!   Call ahead for details.   I'm going to recommend this place to our management for our next department outing.
Love the food at Chef Chu's but 30min+ late for a reservation is *inexcusable*!
Pretty good Chinese food but a little on the pricey side.  I was a little disappointed at the small portions.  I don't mind paying more but I shouldn't be hungry after paying the bill.  I think Hunan Homes down the street is a better choice.
Love this place!  First came here with my in-laws a couple of years ago.  Now it's one of our favorite special occasion go to places.  Upstairs seating is preferable, better lighting and ambiance!  Must try the minced shrimp in lettuce cup, basil beef,  and tangerine chicken...yummy!!  Wash it down with one of their delicious mai tai's or mojitos.
Wow, I can't believe I came here! I generally hate americanized chinese food. I think its pretty lame really. Digression: Once I was at a chinese restaurant for dinner with a friend who wasn't an ABC (american born chinese) and I let him order since he would probably know best. He told me he ordered a dish for me that he knew I would like. Great! Until I found out it was sweet and sour pork. WTF? I got annoyed and said that I like real chinese food, not this fake wannabe shit. I guess he figured since I grew up here I liked crap for chinese food. NO NO NO NO way... Anyways, back to Chef Chu's: I show up with my 3 coworkers (all non-asian by the way) and was impressed with all the picture of famous people. Just by the name and the decor of the place, I could tell it was going to be overpriced and americaned chinese food. Ok, I'm keeping an open mind though.... My coworker orders the crab and cream cheese wontons as an appetizer. I thought "ARE YOU KIDDING ME??? CHEESE?". But hey, it was tasty, albeit strange at a chinese restaurant. Then I ordered the lunch plate Yu Shang Pork, which was stir fried pork with ginger in a garlicy sauce. It was decent too, thought a little bit too salty. I looked around and majority of the people were not asian, but then I noticed a large asian family come in. So I thought, well maybe there is real chinese food on the menu but I just didn't order the right stuff. But when I walked by, they were all eating chinese chicken salad as their first course. So there goes that theory. Anyways, putting my food snobbery aside, there really isn't anything wrong with sweet and sour pork. I was more offended by the notion I might not appreciate real chinese cooking. I don't especially appreciate americanized chinese food, but really its not all that bad. It is often overly salty and fried, but for a quick lunch during the work week it doesn't offend me too much. And I can see why people who like non-traditional chinese food would like this place. The service was good (esp. compared to other chinese restaurants) and it was clean and the food is decent. Ok, not screaming to come back here, but I wouldn't scream about having to come here again either.
Nice food. Great duck. Good service. Great duck. Good soup. Did I mention the duck?
This is easily the best restaurant I have been to in Silicon Valley.  It destroys the stereotype of poor service at Chinese restaurants.  I felt like I was in Chicago again, testing to see if the servers (yes, there were like 3-4 people hitting up my table) could prevent either my soda or glass of water reach half empty.  The ambiance, interior - wooo - it was nice.  I don't really have an eye for interior design or anything, but I definitely got the "I am going out to a nice place" feeling when I stepped inside.  You have the Presidential, Justin Bieber, and 5-star Reviews posted up on the right wall and a giant glass window looking into the kitchen on the left.  I almost didn't follow the lady to my table because I was so engrossed in watching the cooks.  The menu was stock full of enticing options.  All your classic chinese dishes were there, most of them with little or big spins that reflect the chef's creative flare.  I narrowed down my options to 6 plates and asked the waitress for assistance.  Normally you get the b.s. answer "it's all good" or "I can only tell you what I like."  These servers, though, they are first rate.  The lady started asking me if I liked meatier dishes, chicken with more breading, mild spiciness vs. real spiciness, etc.  Narrowed it down to dishes.  And then she said "choose the General's Chicken; it's simply better.  Most people order this the most."  And oh was she right.  I've ordered three times now and still am craving to try the General's chicken again.  Instead I have tried the Pineapple and Tangerine dishes.  The former which was amazing and the latter being my first letdown.  Finally, the desert menu looks fantastic.  I haven't tried it yet, but it just sounds/looks good (I was so eye-eating my neighbor's food).  Normally I don't get turned on so much by the desserts at Chinese restaurants.  To wrap things up my bill has been $9-12 for takeout and that plus tip for dining in.  That's not bad at all considering this is the best service and food in the area.  Other restaurants that try to emulate this caliber of food will run you $22/person a dinner. Don't think, just Chu.
This restaurant is one of my favorites. Great food, good prices, fast service. They keep your water glass full and they never make you feel rushed to pay the check and get out.
If you are wanting good Chinese food, turn around and head to the crappiest looking place you can find. This is far from it. Clean, nice decor, friendly and attentive waitstaff, and Zagat reviewed, so you know the food doesn't come cheap, nor is it authentic.  Everything tasted salty and nothing tasted as it should. Rice is not served family style in a pot. It was served in individual little bowls. Since when did Asian people eat one little ass serving of rice with their meal?  Will not be coming back here.
The food wasn't anything extraordinary, pretty standard for a Chinese restaurant. Three stars because I had terrible service! My waitress was frustrated with me when I asked to split a dish and then proceed to have an attitude every step of the service.
im gonna have to give this place 4 stars, partially cuz ive been going here since i was little.  back in the day, this was a chinese-chinese restaurant and a pretty damn good one at that!  now, its kiiind of a chinese-chinese restaurant, if you order the right stuff.  it is a little bit pricey, but no more than dynasty or ming's.  it might not be as big or fancy looking, but i like the cozier feel.  the party area upstairs is kind of nice and kitschy. ill have to admit though, for a while i was with the "wtf chef chu" crowd but i recently attended a rehearsal dinner here and it restored my faith.  it was your typical chinese banquet dinner fare, but they definitely did a decent job.  one thing that kind of bugged me though, the shark fin soup had a little TOO much seafood going on in there.  i think most people would like that though.  they do a good steamed fresh fish and though i havent had it for a while, they used to do beef noddle soup pretty well.  on par with a&j's, though both dont come close to how they do in taiwan. as far as the american chinese food goes though, i really like the shrimp lettuce cups and the chinese chicken salad.
The best Chinese food not just on the Peninsula, but probably in the entire Bay Area.   I've brought numerous family and friends here and its never disappointed.   This place isn't cheap, but its not super expensive either and I always come away satisfied.
LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this restaurant.  More expensive than your average Chinese, but this is NOT your average Chinese food.  High quality food, good atmosphere and have liked every meal I've had here.  They're great for take out too!
I was nervous about this place on the way in I could not smell the food. I walked in and jus pass the bar and saw I was the youngest person in there. Man I overheard some conversations... lMFAO. I had the Mongolian Beef it wasnt greasy or swimming in sauce like usual I loved it. The Snow white chicken was really good. This place makes there own hot mustard! and its good. I like this place.
My boyfriend always jumps at the chance to come here.  I usually need to take some convincing.  My complaints:  not authentic, over priced, and usually a wait for dinners.  His praises:  yummy walnut prawns, good food in general.  I just don't think a place should charge this much for "Chinese" food that isn't even the kind of Chinese food I generally like to eat.  But yes, I agree - the food does taste good.
Let's see... I came here back in August of 2008. I do remember getting the Snow White Chicken and I don't remember what else we had. It was pretty good, I remember. Decor was orientally pretty. Hmm.. the host which was the owner son (that's what someone told me) is handsome. Haha..
Worst FOOD POISONING I have ever had.  Food is awful and greasy and literally made me puke for two days straight.  STAY AWAY
I go to this place at least once or twice a month and my parents have been here since before they were married. Always crowded and friendly. The food and service is great, very much comfort food, for me. Chef Chu's has been around for 40 years and has not changed since its doors opened. The atmosphere is phenomenal, the menu offers an insanely wide variety, and, obviously, the food is always delicious, especially for the price.
Growing up in Toronto we were able to get real authentic and delicious chinese food.  Chef Chu's is more akin to fast food type chinese food, and on that level, it is very good.  But I wouldn't put it into the same category and while the food is rather heavy, at least you won't walk away feeling hungry.
When we first started getting our Chinese food from Chef Chu, it was a very small place with very limited seating and was mostly take-out. I believe that was in 1970. For as long as we lived on the Peninsula, that was our primary place to go for Chinese food ... because the food was great and the people, especially Larry, were wonderful. When we are in the area, we try to go, at least once, to Chef Chu's. Jerry Joyce, Surprise AZ
It is often a challenge to get a table at Chef Chu's.  The reasons for this are simple: friendly employees with a good sense of humor (this includes Edwin, the bartender!),  spot on service and good food!!  I highly recommend their wonton soup as well as the Hunan-Style Lamb. Divine!!  Get in there today!
So I went to visit a friend in Los Altos this past Sunday.  I got there in the early afternoon and we decided to head downtown to get some lunch.  The thai place he wanted to go was closed so we headed to Chef Chu's.  My first worry when I walked in was the decor.  I've always found better decor = worse food.  My second observation was where are the Asian folk?  I was soon put at ease when a group of four Asian girls came into the restaurant. Phew.  Now down to the food.  I look over the menu trying to figure out what regional cuisine this was.  Uh Duh Americanized Chinese...doh.  I never know what to order at this type of restaurant.  I ended up with the kung pao.  Sweet yet spicy.  Not bad for Americanized Chinese.  I like it better than PF Chang's anyway.
I've never eaten inside this restaurant, but I've gotten take-out multiple times, and I love their chinese chicken salad!  It has breaded chicken cut in strips that are almost more bread than chicken but are yum, and there's something else about the flavors that just make it great. I like the pork buns too!
We were there for our dinner and the place was quite full at 9PM. But there was no waiting time, we got seated quickly. We ordered Sichuan Village-Style Clay Pot and Sichuan-Style String Beans. Both the dishes were simply delicious. Our server was so awesome and very friendly. Will checkin soon.
i am convinced that the people who are adamant about disliking chef chu's have in essence trained themselves to like a certain style of chinese cooking. big hint kung pao chicken - it's an american dish. i have yet to find a restaurant in beijing, or shanghai, or guangzhou or hong kong that actually serves that. chinese chicken salad (sorry) also american. . . . how would i know this? wo xue xi hanyu zai beijing gen shanghai. a wo ye xue xi zai shang gang. first off, the style of food preparation is not american (you can go to pf chang if you prefer that taste. the largely hispanic prep cooks that open the premade sauces will tell you that). at this time, all of the chef chu cooks, with perhaps the exception of chef chu, are born and raised in china. chef chu's is about mandarin/northern chinese cuisine. this style can be somewhat bland. compared to the styles of other chinese territories. no restaurant out there can match the kind of food that you get at home. (thus, excellence, in this regard meaning the food, should not based on your inability to appreciate it.) i am a regular. i am a regular because of the level of service that i receive from this establishment in addition to how personable the staff is. i used to work in the industry, i understand how much restraint is given in order to give exceptional service to someone who is completely demanding. ----- the following are dishes that we enjoy. i would recommend them to most patrons: sizzling rice soup - chicken, bamboo shoots, chinese snow peas, water chestnuts in a rich chicken broth. pan-seared black pepper steak - tender beef strips sauteed w/ mushrooms and onions. sichuan string beans - string beans in a dark chili-garlic sauce. hong kong style crispy pan fried noodles - angel-hair noodles topped with chicken, beef, char siu, prawns, scallops, mushrooms, broccoli, carrots, bamboo, & water chesnuts in a light savory sauce. chow fun - soft, wide rice noodles tossed with meat & vegetables. clay pots - *** i have yet to try these but everytime they pass the table, the fragrance of the food is enticing. (update as of March 2010. we have tried the clay pots on numerous occasions. i highly recommend the chicken basil which has roasted whole garlic cloves and jalapeno chiles in rice wine and soy.) ---- do have a mai tai. the bartender has won several awards nationally for the best mai tai. they also serve won ton chips at the bar in lieu of bar nuts. just ask the bartender for some.
The lemon chicken is the best I've ever had, hands down.  While it might not be the most super-authentic Chinese food in town, it still tastes pretty amazing.  mmmm, I'm getting a craving.
Easily one of the better Chinese restaurants in the SF Bay Area. They even had all these heads of state that ate here: Presidents Carter, Reagan, Bush, Clinton, Margaret Thatcher, Mikhail Gorbachev, Benazir Bhutto just to name a few, but you don't want to hear about that, right? Their Peking duck is probably the best I've had, the skin is very crispy and not fatty like most other places. Price is reasonable. The servers are also very attentive as well. Just FYI: if you're planning on going here for dinner, then making reservations is highly recommended.
This is a nice Chinese restaurant with decent Chinese food.  The beef and chicken dishes were good, but pass on their Ma Po Tofu though, the sauce was on the heavy side and not as tasty.
I used to like this place but food taste and quality has gone down since original Chef no longer cooks.  Food reviews are exaggerated.  Their Kung Pao chicken has no vegetables at all which makes it pretty dry.  Chicken has lots of fat.
Ok meal, swiftly delivered, good price.
This place has good food overall. Try the Mongolian Beef, Szechuan String Beans, and Chicken Chow Fun.
