I'm a bit embarrass that I actually like Panda Express, well, at least this location LOL :) It was a great addition to the Mid Palo Alto area. It's a great place to get Chinese fast food fix for lunch at a descent price! I meant, everything around here, even a sandwich is like $7.50!!! and if you want to do a sit down (even for a sandwich) you will spend like $12 at least! yike! Not a sandwich fan, I prefer rice and hot dishes for lunch and Panda Express is great lol! I found that the food is actually not as oily as Mr. Chau (or even other non fast food chinese restaurants). I also like that they have "calories" information noted on their menu. I usually opted for the slightly lower calories stuff, usually the stir fry dishes like Shanghai Beef (very good and it's actually my favorite here!), the mushroom chicken, green beans with chicken, beef and broccoli. They were all pretty good, considering it's a fast-food and you can't beat the price. Depending on how many dishes you want but it ranges from $6.99 to $7.99 It could get crowded during lunch time BUT usually the lines move fairly quickly, except there was one time that they only had two servers so the wait time was longer than usual! O, also, you can ask for samples, yumm!
Absolutely awful. I ate here two days last week and found bones in the orange chicken not once, but on both occasions that I dined here. The second time, I felt kind of ill after eating it and ended up having.. well, you know.... I'll spare you the details. Yuck. I complained to corporate and they were fast to send me coupons to dine with them 3 more times for free. See my next review (the location in downtown Oakland) for how that went.
I had food from here at an event recently. This chicken dish was terrible, but the food is low quality. Pretty sure the "express" part refers to the delay between eating this food and diarrhea. Bottom line: NOU hates it
Panda Express = the McDonalds of Chinese food. I remember being very excited on opening night and coming here to get a 2nd dinner. My coworkers and I embarrassingly ate an entire 2-dish entree from Panda along with our original sushi dinner. If you're a fan of cheap and quick Chinese food filled with MSG, look no further. Their orange chicken is disgustingly tasty. This particular location can get crowded during peak lunch hours.
Same ole Panda. Fairly new construction. Staff isn't ready to kill themselves like many fast food joints. Decent (not horrible?) food at a cost less than most other nearby eateries.
My sister and I come here almost all the time. The food is consistent and they always tend to over stuff your plate (more bang for your buck). My only con to this place is that when I go in the evening there always seems to be a line and are constantly running out of food. They have been getting better at staffing in the evening and their customer service is awesome. If you have to wait, they will walk the food over to you when they've finished. Good food for a good price! Clean dinning room! Great Customer Service! What else can you ask for at a fast food restaurant?
Well, I hate fast food, and I hate chains. But Panda Express is surprisingly an option that I don't mind at all. And don't make any mistake about it; even though it markets itself as Chinese food, the calorie counts are as high as any other fast food establishment. Consider that if you buy a two-entree plate, and chose a side of chow mein (490 calories) and entrees of their signature orange chicken (420 calories) and Beijing beef (690 calories), you'll end up with a 1600-calorie meal, you'd end up with far more calories than a Big Mac and fries (which clocks in at only 956 calories, 576 for the Big Mac and 380 for the fries). Aside from the fact that this is fast food in disguise, the dishes aren't bad. They aren't great (they sit under heat lamps, so that has a certain effect), but they aren't bad. A few dishes that I've had at Panda Express: - The orange chicken is one of their most popular items. It has a sweet flavor to it which is complemented by a mild spiciness. Pretty good overall! - The sweetfire chicken is decent, but not great. It has a surprising amount of vegetables for an Americanized Chinese dish! - The string bean chicken is a good option if you're watching the calories. It doesn't have the flavor of the orange chicken, but it has a good enough flavor for a low-calorie item. - The black pepper chicken is another good option for the calories. Personally, I prefer the string bean chicken, but this one also has a good (not great) flavor to it. - The Beijing beef, honestly, is just a bit too much for me. It has a very rich, sweet and tangy flavor to it, and I can see how some might like it, but personally, I do not. - Their hot and sour soup is just okay. It doesn't have enough spices to it to bring out the "hot" side of the dish. - Both their spring rolls and their egg rolls are just okay. Not much flavor to them. - Same deal with the pot stickers. Nothing really brings out the flavor of the meat in their potstickers. - I like the cream cheese rangoons. They have a wonderful mild cheesy flavor to them. - As for sides, go with the chow mein. White rice is white rice, which is to say boring. Their fried rice isn't very good. Go with the chow mein. One last tip before I sign off: I discovered recently that you can order a single entree, for only $3 or so. Then, you can avoid all the calories from their side dishes, and frankly, the side dishes are the low point of the meal anyway. Get your favorite entree and then pair it with your own sides from home!
The location here used to be H. Salt Esq, Fish & Chips, was a place my friends used to work in high-school way back when so I took note over the years as it has changed. Now it turned into a place called Panda Express which I did not even know what that was. So, one night driving by me and my girlfriend stopped in because we were hungry for something quick and thought we would try it out.  It was just fine.  Not super-gourmet fancy, or very complicated Chinese food, it is bascially what I would characterize as the first sucessful well-done Chinese Fast Food chain place in my opinion. Since my first experience was not a disaster, and the prices are very good for the amount of food your get I have gone back to this restaurant and even tried others out in the South Bay.  The food is consistent, as I say not fancy, filling and tasty, and simple. The lines seem pretty short, and the only real gripe I can have is that I have settled on my current favorite, 1/2 Fried Rice, 1/2 Chow Mein, and either single or double order of string bean chicken, which I really like.  It could have more sting beans than chicken in my opinion but it is good and about $6-7 which is really unhead of for a decent meal in this area. The thing is that 3 out of 4 times I have been here they are out of my favorite disk, the string bean chicken, and I have to wait for 5 minutes or so.  I can live with that, and I like the food, and it is low priced, very good for a quick hot meal that has real food in it and is quite tasty and light. For what it is Panda Express is definitely worth a 5/5, even though it is fast food, they do it with consistently, well and with some class.  The restaurant is clean and fast, with sufficent parking and friendly workers.  The definitely deserves a 5/5 considering some of the other fast food places in the area, this compares very favorably and is in a higher class.  To me compared well with say Chipotle, down the street.
Food here is good when I've been there, better than the one near De Anza college. I'm surprised the aging hippies on college terrace haven't demanded they replace this with "organic tofu hut" though!
This branch has since improved their speed of service and the consistency of execution of dishes between different cooks. Also no more over-salted dishes. Panda also continues to have overall healthy dishes compared to other fast food chains.
Food was a bit over-salted and portion sizes were small. Perhaps due to the branch just opening it... Read more 
Place was clean. Service was alright. Lady at the front (kinda spacey) gave us huge portions, we didn't finish it and ended up taking it home. I just had the chow mein. It wasn't as greasy as I've had it at other branches. Which was good, but it lack a certain flavor I'm use to with Asian food. Only thing they should probably work on is service. We didn't experience any trouble, but when a crowd came in, they were taking their sweet time with the orders.
I love Panda. (Star rating is comparison to other fast food restaurants.) This is standard, classic Americanized-Asian food at it's best. Choice of chow mein, fried rice, white rice, or mixed veggies then it's onto the sides. My personal favorites: orange chicken (how can one not like orange chicken?) and the less popular chicken with string beans. After staring at that "opening soon" sign every day for the last two months, I was ecstatic to see this place up and running for their soft opening last Friday. Their official grand opening, with a free two entree meal, attracted a winding line of human ants circling the building. Even though the free meal deal was advertised to end at 8 that night, they extended those hours to closing and stayed open extra late to accomodate those who couldn't make it there during the day! Staff is friendly and well trained. I'm going to have to limit myself on my Panda trips now that this place is open. Oh dear.
This is probably one of the cleanest, friendliest Pandas I've been to. I've only been during non-peak hours so I don't know how it is during the lunch or dinner rushes. Yes it's not authentic but it's a fast, affordable option if you want some Chinese food. I like their honey walnut shrimp - crispy and not swimming in sauce or mayo like other places. I've had most of the chicken items on the menu and they're all good with white rice or chow mein. You can park in the lot or on the side street off El Camino and walk over.
This is my favorite Chinese fast food place and the only one I would eat at!! The rating is in comparison to other fast food restaurants of course, as better tasting Chinese food is available at non fast food joints. Whenever i craved panda it meant i could only get some if i drove to san jose so I was very excited that this place had finally opened so me and my husband decided to go. I had the panda bowl with kobari beef and it was the best tasting panda ever!!! Better than any other panda I've been too. I will continue to go here whenever I get a panda craving!!
Hey, the current address on Yelp (2810) is wrong! The restaurant location is actually 2310 El Camino Real.  I learned this because I GPS'd directions here and there was not a Panda Express in sight. I am surprised by how busy this place was on a Sunday at 1:30 in the afternoon.  Maybe it's because the location is new, and all these folks who have been waiting eagerly for the grand opening of this location have come out of the woodwork. The food is predictably Panda Express.  Hot and fresh, just as you would expect.  The employees behind the counter were very friendly.  One guy in particular just had this huge smile on his face the whole time we were there.  Seriously, I have never seen a happier worker at a fast food chain.  I also appreciated the fact that the guy covered my food with the top of the takeout container when he stepped away for a moment to grab a serving utensil. After we were seated, there got to be quite a line here though.  I looked up at some point and the queue was 6 or 7 people long before hitting the counter.  As George B. pointed out, there's an assembly-line process to getting your order, in which your plate is passed from person to person along the stations.  Because one of the stations was going through a bunch of plates at the same time, it was a bit confusing standing behind other customers and having to keep looking around them to see if my plate had come up yet, so that I could then say which next item I wanted to add.  If they can figure out how to deal with this issue, the line should be a lot faster and less confusing. I was moderately disturbed when I reached the cashier and saw individually packaged chocolate chip cookies for sale.  I know this is an American Chinese fast food place, but What?! There are pictures of pandas everywhere -- cute.
This is my first non review...review.   If I could have the option of no stars, I would have. They closed my branch of credit union in downtown Palo Alto, so now the closest is Provident, which is right across from this newly opened Panda Express.   Since I had a deposit to make today, I figured I'd try it - prior to going I checked to see if there were any Yelp reviews, which I doubted, because I know they just opened. Lo and behold, one from Surai - and she was spot on -- while waiting for my banking to be done I watched a steady stream of people going in (and this was at 11:15A).  Banking done, walked over and I would have been about the 6th person in line, but I wanted to look at what they had. The Beef and Broccoli was nearly finished and sad looking (but maybe by the time my turn came up they would make FRESH...but if no one else ordered the last of it, I'd be stuck with a sad looking lunch.   Everything else looked absolutely terrible so I listened to my "little voice" and got out of there! Went to J&J Hawaiian BBQ in Menlo Park (closer to home anyway) and got a great Beef with Broccoli.  Was it more expensive than Panda Express ($6.20)?  Probably, I dunno and what's more I don't care; it was great.   Now I don't have to "wonder" what Panda Express is like - I also don't ever plan on ever trying their food.  Yuk!
I was so excited, finally fast convenient and hopefully decent asian food in the PA.  I live around the corner and was keeping my fingers crossed that this place would be above average, given it's high profile location. Ick!  Don't bother, it's as bad as fast food chinese can get.  The branch in Gilroy and Valley Fair near the outlets does it better.  My broccoli was still raw (take it from a raw food dieter, I know what raw broccoli tastes like) and my treasure shrimp (a sweet/sour sauce over deep fried shrimp) was not cooked all the way through, the breading was mushy on the inside.  Maybe when the crowd dies down, they'll be able to properly allow enough time for their ingredients to cook.  I'll try back in 6 months or so.  Right now, it's around the clock lines. Beware, the place has just opened and the hype is bringing a line that fills up the perimeter of the place, takes about 20 minutes to get your food "fast."
Pro: OK tasting food at a low price Cons: Styrofoam containers and poor service Regardless of whether you eat in or take out your food comes in an enormous Styrofoam container. Didn't this whole issue get resolved with McDonald's about 20 years ago? The service is painfully disorganized and slow. You state which dishes you want and then have to repeat this to each new employee as you are passed down the line. Each employee tries to figure out which Styrofoam container belongs to which customer.
What's not to love about fast, pleasant service. I always call my order in before pick up, although you are put on hold a few times, it's okay with me, as I am in no hurry when ordering from home! The lady over the phone even remembered my name a week later :) Guess I'm totally sold. It helps that the food is deeelish, and the large portion is great for leftovers the next day, that heats really well. I always order the chow mein, kobari beef and orange chicken. And come on guys, these people don't get paid enough for their assembly line hard work, so be thankful that you didn't have to pack a lunch ;)
Rude, always running out of food and unintelligent employees. That's all I have to say.
Decided not to stand in line for an hour on the day they were giving away free 2 entree plate, so I went the following day. Waited in line for 30 minutes. Chow mien was nothing more then dry curly egg noodles. Limited entree choices. Place is too small to accommodate the Palo Alto lunch crowd. Order the Golden Treasure Shrimp and was charged extra. I'll be back. The Cupertino store is waaaaaaayyyyyy better.
Stopped by here recently because I was in a hurry and needed something fast. Apparently it had been long enough since I'd been to a Panda Express to forget that I don't really like Panda Express. This one was no different. It's not that the food is bad, it's just that's so bland. Also, my plans for something fast didn't wind up working out that well, becasue the line moved at a glacial pace. They weren't that busy, but they had all kinds of trouble moving people through. Don't know if that's the norm here or if I just caught them on a bad day.
Meh. Sure, it's new and sparkly and clean, but I've never been to such a crazy busy Panda which also translates into stingy little portions, or they ran out of food so you have to wait for 10 minutes for stingy little portions. Okay, maybe that's good for me keeping my dinner under a certain caloric value, but the American fat ass in me doesn't approve. However, I do like how I can get half steamed veggies and half fried rice, and the kobari beef is spicy yumminess.
Panda in Cupertino tastes better.... I am a big Panda fan but Palo Alto branch made me disappointed....
I"ve been waiting months for this location to open, and I'm not disappointed!  The location is clean, the staff is friendly, and the food is tasty and inexpensive!  I keep taking the survey on the receipt so I get a third entree item for free every time I go back.  There's enough food for 2 days, so at $3.25 a day where else can I eat for that?  I'm a fan!
Panda Express is probably the best Chinese fast food I've ever had.  Having only really had Mr. Chau's before, I was expecting Panda Express to be equally gross...  but it wasn't.  I was pleasantly surprised. I recommend the Beijing Beef. Honestly though, I don't feel like this place is as cheap as everyone claims.  I am always surprised when I go here with my girlfriend that our bill is usually around $20.00...  getting only one entree is simply not enough food, especially if I get something like the kung pao chicken, which seems to be more filler than chicken. I have to address a previous review's complaint about the styrofoam.  If you turn the container over, there is a big recycle symbol with a 6 on it, which in Palo Alto is perfectly recyclable.  I still hate it because of the sound it makes, but as long as you recycle it there's no need to trip about the styrofoam.
Food was a B compared to other places but man stop being so greedy on the servings!!! Come on $7 and you level off the serving spoon, just scoop it up and put it in!!!.. 2 stars just because you dont get what you pay for......I hope the owners read this and stop being greedy....Go to other Panda express's you will see the comparison......RIP to my friend Ganda :( I'll miss you........Love you
Adding a star as the boxes of food my coworker snagged for us from here for a late, late lunch were not in styrofoam, but in compostable containers. I hope this is a permanent change and kudos for making the switch! The food is still oversalted and a male coworker who can eat his weight says the portions are still smaller than elsewhere, but at least they have gone "greener."
At this point, you'd think Panda Express could replicate its winning Americanized Chinese fast food... Read more 
Just biked over to the newly opened Panda Express and guess what - it  is a Panda Express!  Yer food court favorite is now just a hop away from University Ave. Place has been open for about a week and there were lines of Stanford guys pretty psyched to have one so close to campus.  Food was fine and there is a lot of Panda related artwork to keep you busy while you munch down on your goodies.  Food is over salted but what the heck do you want for $7.56?  They are open until 10pm so this is sure to be one of my new late night fav eateries.  I am sure the other Mom & Pop Chinese restaurants are none to happy but hey, don't mess with The Panda.
The main reason I'd go to Panda Express over another Chinese restaurant is convenience and speed.  This location while somewhat convenient is a total failure when it comes to serving "fast" food given lunchtime waits can be 20 min or more and that's for mediocre food. At lunchtime, It would be much faster and the food better if you went to a sit-down Chinese restaurant and ordered off the menu. The sad thing is that the lines could be drastically reduced by opening the second cashier station. Not only would the line shorten, but a lot more of the seating area would become usable instead of being a congested mess. Sure, perhaps they may be understaffed, but that seems unlikely as when I was there, the Asst. Manager switched off the cashier station  to take his break rather than open the second cashier  station to relieve the bottleneck. Shouldn't it be all hands on deck during prime business hours? In any case, I won't be rushing back.
They opened yesterday, and have great service.
Food is adequate, service is friendly though the serving process can be  disorganized and slow.  I wish one employee could take your order and see you through to the register... I often get confused as to where we are in the process as I watch my food container be passed from one employee to the next.
