After eating nothing but soup and Gatorade for past four days, I finally broke my sickness fast by ordering from Golden Wok just now.  Why?  Do they have fantastic cuisine designed to amuse the mouth?  Low low prices to feed the starving graduate student within all of us?  Servers with Jesus-like kindness and German-like efficiency? No, actually, the food is pretty terrible.  Sort of on the low end of Chinese dive level.  In the back of my head, I'm vaguely concerned because I recollect once getting a little sick from the greasiness of their food, and the idea of eating more while sick may not have been a great one.  The prices are inflated, most likely because of their Lower California Ave location: next to stores like Leaf and Petal, with their 200 dollar white tee shirts, I'd imagine their rent to be too high for the level of food they serve. And the servers?  I actually like the servers.  They, as they say in the old country, "lay the smack down."  Sure, they may be wearing a greasy white shirt and barely speak English, but they'll still talk down to you like they're the Queen of England and her royal court.  It's actually kinda nice if you're tryin to get away from the annoying, smothering types of servers. And the decor isn't' great either.  Plastic chairs and dirt seem to be the theme. So why four full stars?  Why give, effectively, what I would consider, a *positive* review.  In this campus so close to Silicon Valley, they are the ONLY Chinese food restaurant listed on http://Campusfood.com .  Come now, how else would a clinically introverted computer geek feed himself on Chow Mein, if not through the welcoming forms provided on http://Campusfood.com? (Or a girl with tonsillitis whose voice isn't up to snuff yet for the phone)  This place is a *dive in the wall,* and yet somehow manage to have their entire menu listed online. In summary, I am hungry, I get acceptable level Chinese food through Internet, I am fed.  The process is efficient.  Yumm...  Good.
This was my dark and twisted guilty pleasure when I lived in Palo Alto. If I was craving Chinese food to the point of not caring about my health or well-being (this happened twice), I came here. If you do decide to try this place, please order take out. The dining area -- as I remember it -- is a nightmare.
This place is pretty gross.  After paying $7.00 for their General Tao's lunch special, I wasn't expecting the Slanted Door or something, but I was at least hoping for something edible.  The chicken was slathered in this super oily sauce which left a heavy feeling in my stomach and clogged up my pores.  It also had an odd chemical smell which was either roach killer or the initial signs of meat decay.  The "restaurant" itself is filthy and there's grime and trash everywhere.  The lady at the counter was brusque, but at this price point that's par for the course.  I would give the Golden Wok one star, but I'm reserving that honor for someplace unbearably ghastly.  I was at least able to digest the rice, which counts for something.
