This is my new favorite casual lunch spot in Palo Alto (or perhaps tied with Ace of Sandwiches)! The menu is fresh, simple, and delicious- Banh Mi sandwiches or a Korean ssam wrap, which is kind of like bi bim bap wrapped in a fresh Vietnamese rice paper wrap. You can choose between chicken, kalbi, pork, or vegetarian for the meat with each of those.  I might have had better Banh mi sandwiches at other places, but not near Palo Alto and theirs is still pretty darn good.  The Korean ssam wrap was creative and unique.  They also have Thai ice tea and a delicious lime-ade drink! They just opened Aug 1, 2012 so give them a little love and go eat there so my new fav spot stays open! ;-) Also, I heard the owner is a Stanford CS grad... So support your locally educated entrepreneurs!
The boyfriend and I came here for dinner one day after work (we actually "ran into it" on the way to Mediterranean Wraps, and decided to try this instead since it's new). The format is kind of like a Chipotle -- where you choose if you want a Banh Mi (Vietnamese sandwich), a Ssam (Korean wrap), or a Bowl (like the Ssam, but without the rice paper). Then you choose what kind of meat you want -- chicken, beef shortribs, pork, or vegetarian. And if you want sides, you can get steamed pork buns, lotus chips, or ginger-peanut slaw. I got the beef shortribs ssam and the boyfriend got the chicken bowl. Big portions, decent prices, very friendly service. It's VERY clean, which was a big plus for us and though it was pretty busy, not too loud. The portions was pretty generous and the food was really good, definitely has a fusion taste to it. The only improvement I would like in their food is to clean up their bean sprouts a little bit -- though I doubt any restaurants really do -- but their bean sprouts' roots were long, haha, so I kept looking at them while I was eating. But again, I doubt any restaurants cut the long roots off their bean sprouts (ie. pho restaurants), so it's not that big of a deal. Since this is so close to the boyfriend's house, I definitely see us coming back here again! I definitely recommend it for a quick lunch/dinner.
Came here in a group of 8 and I was pleasantly surprised to see that there was no wait involved. Walk to the front, order for yourself, pay for yourself, and find seating outside or inside. No need to deal with the messy check splitting or gratuity. Spice Kit is a fusion of korean and vietnamese food. The Korean Wrap is wrapped in vietnamese goodness (rice paper) and filled with bim bim bap ingredients (Seasoned Rice, Kimchi, Red Leaf Lettuce, Cucumbers, Marinated Bean Sprouts). The wrap is a little smaller compared to the rice bowl, but I think having the rice paper versus extra portions is worth it. The pork buns here are slightly expensive, but definitely worth a try, you won't regret it!
Yay! I am a fan - not because this is the most delicious Korean/Vietnamese/Chinese/California-organic-healthy fusion food;  I am a fan because like any many business ideas, having a good concept is easy but having good execution is what will make it successful.  And in the case of Spice Kit, the idea itself isn't novel, basically a collection of generally palate-friendly ethnic food - but this place works because it is a well-executed business concept. In my usual dorky fashion, here's the analysis: Great value at great location:  Palo Alto in general has no shortage of mediocre food at very high prices and California Ave is no exception.   Spice Kit smartly picked California Ave because there's definitely a vacuum for places with affordable lunch menus.  It is great value where you can get a meal for the same price as that of 'fast food' chains (like Chipotle and Quizno's). Efficient services:  The menu itself is designed to be very simple and modular - the limited choices for each decision point (e.g., the delivery device - bread, wrap, salad vs. bowl, meat hoice - chicken, beef, pork or veg) meant the orders will never get too complex.  This is important not only for the kitchen in assembling these meals quickly but also for the customers who are ordering - you won't find yourself in situations like you would in many ethnic restaurants where you have to go 'can I have #122, but without the meat balls and with extra bean sprouts' - - that's just not allowed here - by limiting the choices, you also limit the inefficient customers. So the few times that I have been, even during the peak lunch hour, I didn't have to wait for more than 10 minutes for my order (and this is like having 20 people in front of me) Food:  I won't go into detail here on the options since the previous reviews have described them comprehensively -- here are my ratings for the items that I have tried -- (1) Five spiced chicken -- 3 stars-- well marinated but it was a little bit dry (2) Pork - 4 stars - it was tender and actually reheats pretty well (I had a to-go order once) (3) The 'bowl' format - 4 stars - I don't compare this to Bi Bim Bap but rather to Chipotle and I much prefer the kimchi rice, cucumber and bean sprouts to the contents at Chipotle (just a personal preference thing) (4) The 'wrap' - 3 stars - even though the content is the same as the 'bowl' but I find the rice to vegetable ratio is too high in this format - I would have prefered it less rice and more veggies with the meat in this format (5) Pork bun - 4 stars - pricey at almost $3 a piece but the pork (though fattening) is excellent and delicious -- plus, I needed something to balance out the salad that I was having (6) Vegetable bun - 3 stars - equally pricey and made with mushrooms instead of the fattening pork - well delicious, the pork one is much better (7) Thai iced tea - 4.5 stars - so well done - it wasn't too sweet but has all the authentic thai iced tea flavors Seating: This is my one complaint -- there's not that much seating -- it is not a big place so if you are there during lunch peak, I would recommend getting it as 'to go' in case you can't find proper seating in the restaurant itself and you can just take it to go - or you may risk being very annoying like I had to be by standing literally next to the people who were finishing their lunch so you can grab their table the moment they finish their last bite Executive summary (which I know should be the beginning of this review) -- Spice Kit is where you will get a nice lunch for less than $10 in Palo Alto that's filling, delicious with efficient services.   I will definitely go back.
Absolutely killer chicken and pork buns
I only had the Korean Ssam wrap and can only speak to that. I miss the Kimchi burritos from John's Snack & Deli in SF so much, but this is a delicious substitute. They use rice paper and wrap kimchi-fied rice, lettuce, cucumbers, cooked beansprouts and meat of your choice. I ordered the Korean beef short rib. Some people complained how it was in cubes and kept falling out of their wrap. This didn't really bother me that much and I had no problem devouring it. I liked that the short ribs were tender and full of flavor. The rice is SO tasty and probably my favorite part and I really like the thinly-sliced cucumbers for an extra crunch. Once you added some Sriracha sauce, it was perfect. I'd go back for the wrap. The menu said there was kimchi in it, but maybe it's mixed in the rice? I wish there were bigger pieces of kimchi, but I guess the bean sprouts are a close substitute.
Is it Vietnamese, or is it Korean? Yes. The pork buns here are just as good as the ones you might get at I dont know... Ippudo in Manhattan? Plenty of flavor, no need for a lot of sauce, and 2 nice fatty pieces of pork belly! They have a small and simple menu, choose your bowl/wrap/salad/banhmi sandwich, and then choose your meats.  I had the five-spice chicken bowl.  The meat had just the right balance of spice and seasoning.  Now, this is where the Vietnamese and Korean lines start to blur a bit: the bowl is constructed of leaf lettuce, kim chi fried rice, cucumbers, and garlic bean sprouts.  I'd say it was more of a Korean-style dish, but everything worked together really well and it was super tasty!  Adding sriracha sauce to the mix surprisingly brought out some sweetness and just a little bit more heat. The portion size is pretty large, enough to feed a hungry dude like me Wash it down with Vietnamese coffee, and you've got yourself a complete meal (pork bun, chicken bowl, and drink) for just under $12
Yum! I'm glad there's another quick and relatively cheap place open on Cal Ave :) I got the ssam with beef short ribs and a thai iced tea. The rice paper was really squishy and kind of sticky... every time I tried to pick up my wrap, I felt like I was trying to pick up one of those water toys in gift shops that are really difficult to hold (apparently they're called Water Snake Toys). But the wrap was really good. The rice + kimchi started to get pretty spicy towards the end of the meal. It was also pretty filling, I wasn't able to finish much more than half of the wrap. My thai iced tea wasn't overly sweet and definitely helped with the spiciness of the food. I also tried my friend's pork buns and bahn mi. Bahn mi was fine but didn't seem that special or unique, I probably wouldn't order it. Pork buns were really good though.. I only had a bite but I would order them next time.
Street Food is definitely the "It" cuisine of the moment and Spice Kit, originally from SF, is the latest proponent of this cuisine to the Palo Alto area. California Avenue has long been my favorite Palo Alto area for food  and Spice Kit, serving a selection of quick, casual items that hit the spot, is just the latest welcome addition. I had been anticipating the opening after I saw the sign that it was "Coming Soon" and, after a disappointing meal at the similarly themed Asian Box in Town and Country, I'm glad to report that Spice Kit is the real deal. The interior space has minimal seating and there are a few tables outside, but it's clear this space does well with orders to go, which is what I did.  Our selection from the limited menu: Banh Mi - frankly, other than visiting food trucks, you really can't get banh mi unless you drive down to Sunnyvale, or for a better choice, San Jose.  Thus, the classic banh mi here, with your choice of several meats (5 spice chicken, beef shortribs, roasted pork) is a find.  Add the house made pate and you have a very flavorful and fresh sandwich that we just can't find otherwise in these parts. Ssam - I've had the Bo Ssam at Momofuku in NYC but wasn't sure what to expect of this version.  It's essentially like a Korean burrito wrap using rice paper instead of a tortilla.  The beef shortribs were very tasty and a nice combination of lean and fatty and the fresh marinated bean sprouts, kimchee, and ssam sauce made this stand out much more than I expected. Steamed Pork Buns - a bit pricey at $2.95 each, but the Kurobata pork belly and pickled cucumbers are as tasty as any other version. Calamansi Lime-ade and Vietnamese Ice Coffee - a bit too much ice for my liking but great flavor, especially the lime-ade. Overall, I was extremely happy with my meal here.  The prices are reasonable for the area and every item was obviously made with careful marination and spices.  The meat selection offers enough variety that you can come back often without getting tired of the limited item selection and each meat type I tried was extremely well done.    It's not just a bunch of items thrown together with nice sounding names like organic and kurobata. The story of the founders (working at some of the best restaurants in the US) seems to be reflected in the food/ingredient quality and I'm positive I'll return to try more items.  To put it simply, Spice Kit is a permanent resident (7 days a week) of some of the best food types that have become extremely popular with food trucks like Chairman Bao and Little Green Cyclo. I read in another review they have Hitachino Nest Japanese Beer (loved it at a tasting menu I had, but couldn't find it at Mitsuwa or Nijiya) so will have to look for that at my next visit.  Casual street food and beer = sounds like a winning combination for an Eatup.  :) Spice Kit accepts credit cards, including American Express.
I don't eat gluten so my menu options are somewhat limited here. I had the salad and it was ok but monotonous, and they definitely skimp on the protein relative to the cost. My wife and kid both had the bowl and agreed that the flavors were simple and monotonous. A little extra vegetable variety would help a lot. I'm kind of implicitly comparing to the asian box place over in town and country, which provides a good mix of stuff to keep you entertained while slogging through a bowl.
Been waiting for this place to open for a long time. Does it live up to the hype? Not really. I guess since I had heard amazing things about the shop in SF I was expecting my mouth to explode with deliciousness. Instead, I got a spark of yum but no explosion. I ordered the ssam (rice wrap) with beef short rib. Each ingredient was good, but there was no intermingling of flavor for me. It was odd. Each ingredient could hold its own: the short ribs were decently cooked and season and the bean sprouts were well marinated. But put it all together and it was kind of bland. Maybe the rice just toned everything down too much? I guess I was expecting this place to be a lot better than Asian Box in Town and Country and so far this was only comparable if not a little bit disappointing. I got a steamed pork bun as well. Hard to go wrong with Kurobata pork belly and fortunately that was pretty good. It's no Chairman Bao but it'll do in a pinch. But relative to the Chairman (who specializes on bao), for $0.80 less this was also a major disappointment. The portion was waaay smaller and didn't have much in terms of radishes or any other additions... just some hoisin sauce. Put my disappointing dining experience together with that really cramped space I feel like my overall experience with Spice Kit is just ok. It wasn't horrible and I have no doubt I'll be back (given that I work 2 blocks away). Spice Kit does NOT live up to the hype at all.
I've been back a few more times (2 more in one week after my initial review plus a couple more later) and the only thing I wish is that they had more employees to rotate through so I could go everyday without the shame of being recognized.
After a weekend of camping I wanted to grab something delicious and filling before i went home.  Bi... Read more 
Outrageously delicious, casual, reasonably priced food. Stopped in last night for dinner. We ordered 2 banh mis, one pork, one beef, both distinct and delicious. (Definitely with pate). Also ordered a veggie bun on the side just to see. Limeade and a beer lao too. Flavor explosions happened. Coming back and playing with every permutation of awesome I can. You should too!
I used to have a friend that worked in the same building as the one in SF, so we'd meet there sometimes and I would score some pork buns. Good to see they've hit up the South Bay and at one point, I met owner Will at a party in SF through some mutual acquaintances. Im sad that Culture went under as it was one of the better yogurt places in the area. Came in on a Sunday afternoon and the place was packed. Got the short rib banh mi plus pate, and a pork bun. Short rib was less flavorful than I remembered and the pork bun was much smaller than I remembered. Has something changed or is the PA locale just doing it differently? For $15, the sandwich and the bun didnt quite fill me up and was missing the bold flavors,  so I didnt feel the price/performance value. I appreciate the quality and higher end technique (Will was a former French Laundry man) but for paying that much there are a ton of places where Im going to be much more satiated. Im hoping this is a brand new opening problem. though if thats what the local public wants and is willing to pay for it, I cant argue with the business model. Im just expecting more as I know they're capable of it.
The Background: The store is exactly as advertised, reasonably priced (really, quite shockingly low priced for Cal Ave), tasty food served in a clean environment.  While I'm sad that Culture's organic donuts are no longer available, this place is definitely a much better replacement. The Positives: The food was really quite good.  So far (hey, it is only opening day), I've only had the chicken ssam which was delicious and well balanced.  The food was made quickly and the staff was quite nice (including the owner who was working there today). The Negatives: None.
Two bahi mi in two days....the first one tried was here on 8/7/12.  Bump up the review to 3.5 just because of the very welcoming smile and attitude of the girl at the cash register/ordering station - nice first impression of this new restaurant. Now, I don't claim to be an expert on bahn mi - far from it; my first and only experience was with Nom Nom; I did note the ingredients contained mayo in the sandwich and I was pretty sure that wasn't the norm in Vietnamese cooking/sandwiches. I got pork and instead of flat, larger pieces (Nom Nom - remember, my only experience), they cube the meat into about a 1/2 inch dice, and of course, pieces fall out when you eat it.    The flavor was ok, but I did taste the sweetness of the mayo (and not in a good way). I would go back and try one of their bowls or maybe a pork bun if I was in the area.   Would I make a special trip there as I did yesterday when I found out Nom Nom was going to be @ the Hiller Museum in San Carlos?  No.
Decided to try this after browsing around for dinner on Yelp.  I stopped by and grabbed their Ssam wrap.  It is essentially a bibimbap in a burrito.  The inclusion of lettuce inside the rice paper was done surprisingly well.  It's probably one of the few times where the liquid inside of any wrap doesn't fall out at all.  For that and the deliciousness of the Ssam wrap, I would definitely come back yesterday.
I was excited to see Spice Kit open in Palo Alto because I recently moved from San Francisco and missed the healthy, tasty Asian sandwiches and wraps from Spice Kit San Francisco. My favorite order: Ssam wrap with short ribs and kimchi fried rice.  If hungry, get a pork bun, lotus chips, and limeade. The indoor and outdoor seating is comfortable, clean, and a welcome environment for friends, couples, and even kids.  I'm planning a trip back with a friend so we can sit outside and throw back a Hitochino beer and Lotus chips.
So I love pork belly bun, and when I saw this place on new busienss, I already start dragging my bf here for lunch (he works very close and we always have lunch in Palo Alto). It is kinda Asian Box and  it wasn't as good as I expected I got the ssam (Korean wrap) + 4 pork belly buns ( as I mention I love this heaven). For the wrap: it was a huge disappointed for me, it's nothing special; the sauce was the bibimbap sauce mix with rice and I doubt if it's actually short ribs For the buns: it's a "meh" to me, like the other review said, Chairman Bao is way betta, this bun seems very popular now, even Cheesecake Factory has it but not pork belly and of course can't beat my favorite Chairman Bao. But anyway it' a okay to me Oh and yet my bf got viet ice coffee, it seems very fresh. For the price I refer to go my hometown sj but this is palo alto so everything is ripped off It's very clean, nice place to chill and quick lunch but I don't think I would come back
Ssam with beef short ribs. Done and done. It's kind of like having a kimchi fried rice (with short ribs) inside of a squishy rice paper wrapping, and it's really good. The limeade is pretty good also, but the thai tea manages to hit the perfect mix between flavor and not being too sweet. The Banh Mi with pork, which is what I got, is also pretty decent, but isn't very special or different from Banh Mi you can get anywhere. My friend and I didn't try any of the sides other than the pork buns, but they tasted very authentic and are a great addition to your meal if you want a little variety or just something else to top you off after a banh mi or ssam. Overall, I'm really glad that there's finally a decent grab-and-go place on Cal Ave other than Med Wraps.
So excited Spice Kit is now available in Palo Alto. It has long been my fav lunch spot in the SF financial district. My go to order is the short rib banh mi. Don't forget to add the pate!  For dinner I'll also add a pork bun Love the fact the Palo Alto location also serves beer. Awesome selection too: Hitachino Nest japanese beer (one of my favs!)
+1 given the competition in the area.  I think spice kit finally found the right geographic area.  when I had it in sf, I wasn't that impressed given the myriad of better food options available.  in Palo Alto, it's a bit of the opposite.  there aren't many desirable asian dining options or places serving up nicely grilled 5 spice chicken and roast pork banh mi type flavors.  of course, if you compare it to san jose banh mi etc, then not that great, but otherwise enjoyable as a "chipotle" fast gourmet food alternate.  got the chicken bowl with lettuce, rice, ssamjang-like sauce, cucumber, and bean sprouts; ingredients fresh.  ice coffee is watered down a little compared to the places in SJ but acceptable.
Good food. Good portions. Will be back.
Rice paper wraps were amazing (heavy on the rice though).  I've tried the kalbi rib wrap, chicken wrap, pork banh mi, the pork buns and the pork salad. My favorite item by far was the pork bun--delicious fatty goodness balanced out by the slightly sweet white bun and the tangy pickle.  Definitely buy the 2 for $5 deal on those buns!  If you are scared of buttery fat chunks, then skip the pork and kalbi offerings. Had the pork banh mi, with housemade pate--winning! Awesome beverage selection (fresh coconut!) and the Vietnamese iced coffee was the best I've had.  The fresh coconut has hefty shavings of coconut meat, giving the drink an almost roasted flavor, really excellent. The lotus chips were very interesting but I wouldn't get them again as they were a bit greasy for my taste. Not really a dine-in place, since philosophy of the place of high quality "fast food". Opens at 11am, lines begin right away. Cons - one veggie option (tofu).  No seafood options. No noodles.  Salad soggy and overdressed (next time I'm asking for dressing on the side).
Decent food made it to Cal Ave., finally something new. But their menu is pretty limited so I can't say how many times I'll be back for lunch... 5 days a week being on this street. Banh Mi ( Sandwich )- tried the pork and short ribs- pork tasted almost like the whole roasted pig meat, without the crispy skin, which was pretty good. Short ribs had a different taste to it, had an odd after taste to me. The meat were cut into chunks which made it a little hard to eat with this sandwich, all the meat kept falling out with every bite. There was plenty of pickled carrots, not much daikon, didn't taste any onions and only a few sprigs of cilantro and 2 slices of jalapeno. The bread was okay, I do prefer the original banh mi bread normally served, I like the crunch flaky crumbs, this one lacked that texture. House made pate? Oh that's an extra .75.Overall for the sandwiches- it was decent, but definitely not worth $8+, maybe I'm sure to paying under 3 bucks for the best darn good sandwiches back in San Jose, but this was a bit steep for my taste for this sandwich, i expected more for that price. The Ssam- spring roll version with short ribs- the rice paper gave it a better texture i would assume versus eating it from a bowl. Flavors were there, but maybe throw in some kim chi for flavor burst? Pork buns- these were good, a little overwhelming on the sauce, but the meat alone was good. Lotus chips- good alternative version for something crispy, but it was a little too oily, maybe the oil wasn't hot enough. Overall- service was super friendly, definitely a fast food type joint, food came shooting out in no time, so great for lunch time goers. Food all had it's perks, everything seemed well flavored, but I need a bigger punch for the prices being charged.
Having lived in Hong Kong for three years and being exposed to the best asian cuisines, i was very impressed with the "asian street food" offerings of our new California Avenue eatery called "Spice Kit". A wonderful addition, in my opinion, to our Palo Alto restaurant choices. The food tasted delicious and healthy at the same time. The ingredients are all organic and they use naturally raised meats (without hormones) and the menu is well priced. The flavors were perfectly balanced. Good value for money, absolutely! I have so far tried their korean wrap called "ssam" on their menu and it was delicious. The flavors all tasted wonderful and balanced and the wrap did not feel too heavy on the rice, which was perfect. I also tried their vietnamese coffee, which was freshly brewed and the best that I have had. My friend and I shared an order of the steamed pork buns, which are to die for. The service is excellent too! The place is very neat and clean and has a refreshing contemporary cafe feel to it. They have both inside and outside seating. I would position them to be a high end fast food! The owners are also chefs with impressive pedigrees. Will Pacio spent over four years in the Thomas Keller farm system, at both Per Se in New York and the French Laundry in Yountville. His partner, Fred Tang, has worked with Ron Siegel at the Dining Room at the Ritz-Carlton.
Tried this place out for the first time today with my fiance and we both got sandwiches (me pork, him chicken) and the mini pork buns. The meat and the bread were very good, and considering there aren't any banh mi places around Palo Alto, this place is a nice addition. However, I can't give this place five stars because one thing: the pickled carrot/daikon is overly acidic, like they added too much vinegar/not enough sugar. We could ask them to omit it, but then it wouldn't be much of a  banh mi.
Our staff at Legar Salon, have been anxiously awaiting the opening of our neighbors Spice Kit. Today we all enjoyed an assortment of their dishes and we were pleasantly impressed. I personally enjoyed the various flavors and textures. I will definitely be ordering future lunches from them.
I'm disappointed - I had such high hopes for this place.  The flavors were decent, but the portions were soooooooooo skimpy - I feel ripped off.  FYI - the buns are especially tiny!
This place was referred by a good friend.  We tried it tonight and it was awesome!  I had the Vietnamese sandwich with pate and pork.  My girlfriend had the wrap with chicken.  Both were really flavorful and perfect portions.  Abundant flavoring.  We also tried the steamed pork buns...yummy for my tummy!  I could eat about ten of those bad boys.....so good!  Looking forward to trying out the whole menu.  We will most definitely be coming back and enjoying the Spice Kit more often!  Happy Eating!
Brought the family to try this new restaurant in PA.  Had the Rice paper burrito with Kalbi, Vietnamese sandwich with pate', lotus chips and the pork belly mini-sandwiches.  All the ingredients were very fresh and well made.  Get there before noon so that you don't have to wait too long.  Staff were courtesy and efficient.  Definitely made my monthly lunch rotation.
Ditto...worth a try.  Loved the mini pork buns.  Everything was fresh and tasty.  I can't wait to go back for more.
