I'm a fan of the decor here. It has a very modern and clean feel. Also, unlike many Asian places, this place doesn't seem overwhelmingly full even when it's at capacity. I got the mushroom Soon Doo Boo (tofu soup). The soup was ok, but the rice that came with it was amazing. Also, one note -- the spiciness levels are pretty weak, or as my friend would say, they're for white people. Hope that helps some first timers here!
Organic tofu! Ours came out sizzling on a platter. Simple and yummy. I also liked the Helvetica-heavy menu. Tip : Don't sit near the wall that leads to the bathroom and kitchen. Although visually shielded, the noise of clanging dishes (all those little kimchi side dish plates) can get pretty loud.
Another crossed off the list of neighborhood eats to try. AMBIACE: Spacious and empty feeling, Su-Dam reminded me of fancier restaurants in Asian cities.  It was pretty quiet when we dropped in for dinner on a random weeknight... I guess they get most of their business during lunch? SERVICE: Super friendly.  Never experienced friendlier service in a Korean resto before. FOOD: A-OK.  Extensive menu, so there should be something for everyone. - Combination soondubu: A little on the bland side.  I guess here is where MSG might have made its mark.  I wanted more flavor! - Beef soup (I forget what its called): Again, borderline flavorless.  It was scalding when it arrived to the table though, so plus points for that. - Dukk bokkee: Overwhelming amount of overly sweet sauce.  I need to remember not to order this anymore. OVERALL: A nice find in the neighborhood.  I'll probably be back when I'm craving Korean food and too lazy to drive down El Camino to SGD for soondubu.
I went to Su-Dam for lunch today and I am soo happy! ;-; I had the dolsot bibimbap. I mixed up all the textures and colors from the runny egg yolk on top to the bamboo shoots in the the sizzling stone pot. Each bite moved me so much I had to restrain my tears of joy. It was not like SGD Tofu House's dolsot bibimbap. Su-Dam's has a more natural flavor. Normally when I eat at SGD, the flavors are tasty, but they've been altered by artificial additives. I have been searching the South Bay for the best Korean food and Su-Dam is the best I've had in months. I thought, this must be what Korean food tastes like if your umma made it for you herself. I also had the vegetable mandoo which is basically non-crispy gyoza filled with vermicelli. The skin is very tender and doesn't fall apart when you pick it up. I got six banchon, and all of them tasted very natural; no additives in the kimchi or otherwise. I received a bowl of miso soup, and you know you have great miso soup when the insoluble miso remains under a clear glaze of water. Since I am not Korean, I cannot say whether Su-Dam is authentic, but I feel that it is. They use metal chopsticks and serve barley tea in blue porcelain cups. The barley tea plays a trick on your eyes as the liquid is a lighter hue on top and deepens in contrast toward the bottom of the cup. During lunch, I was asked if I wanted more banchon twice, if I wanted more tea twice, and if everything was OK twice in total by three different people. I am used to trying Korean places by myself and this never happens. I can't believe it, I am incredibly touched. I have always considered Japanese food to be my favorite cuisine, but now I might have to reevaluate that.
I went there on a Saturday afternoon. It wasn't too busy, but I found the service pretty meh. They didn't refill my bahnchan without me asking. After reading these reviews, I feel pretty neglected. I didn't find them friendly or particularly capable. The food was also unremarkable and overpriced. The broths of their soups taste like they come from a carton. And the rice was cold. Seriously, what's with the cold rice at restaurants? It's called an electric rice cooker, get one. Otherwise the decor is nicer than your typical Korean Camino restaurant. And they have a cute poem on their placemats. But I don't think I'd bother to return. I'm really underwhelmed by the Korean restaurants I'm finding the further I stray from Santa Clara and Oakland.
I came here for a friend's rehearsal dinner so upon arrival, all the tables were set up for us and the panchans (side dishes) arrived shortly.  We got about 6 different panchans and there was even a saucy one with kabocha squash which I have never seen at a Korean restaurant. Everything was already pre-ordered for us but we had a couple kinds of marinated meats, Korean pancake, and soondubu.  The marinated meats were all really tasty and the pancake was nice and thick.  The soondubu was a very strange orange color and had the consistency of ramen after you put a slice of Kraft cheese in it.  Koreans, you know what I'm talking about. All the servers were really friendly and this is a spacious restaurant, good for big groups.  We were in a part of the restaurant towards the front that is partially off to the side so we had privacy but were not isolated from the rest of the restaurant.
I grew up in Korea and didn't like my mother's food since I didn't feel it's tasty. But I knew that she didn't put anything chemical into her food to make better taste. I was a big fan of street food, which might have included a lot of artificial stuff. I tried Su-Dam and realized that it is very close to what my mom made when I was young. Tofu house has been my favorite Korean restaurant in the neighbor. Tofu house makes something similar to Korean street foods.
organic tofu?  no msg?  yes, we're there!  came here on a wed night with the hubby and was pleasantly surprised at how clean and well managed su-dam was.  there were several other people already dining at the restaurant...all of them looked korean...so we knew we were in for a treat! the banchan selection was different than other korean restaurants.  though they have japchae and kimchee what really stood out was this pumpkin salad.  similar to the taste and texture of potato salad but made with pumpkin...it was delish.  we had 3 servings of that alone. love that you get to add 2 items to the tofu stew, like ramen, rice cake, dumpling, or cheese for free.  the tofu in the seafood tofu stew was soft and delicate while the broth was flavorful but not overpowering, a perfect and delicate balance. the bibimbab plate was huge and served on a sizzling plate.  the meats, veggies, and rice on the plate created the perfect mix. service here was top notch, never would have known that judging from the outside.  waiter was pleasant and friendly.  prices were on the higher end for korean food, but hey it's organic and msg free!
True rating: 3.75 stars Words that come to mind: Clean flavors, pleasant decor, efficient and friendly staff. Although the restaurant seems to be suited for non-koreans, my family  (yes, we're korean) and I enjoyed our dining experience. It's beyond me why anyone would want to eat and then go on to rate chicken terriyaki at a korean restaurant...but...anywho.. Diners, quick advice.. at a korean restaurant ...yes... try the korean food. Standouts: - Galbijim: tender chunks of slowcooked ribs & veggies in sweet sauce - Daejang jigae: savory + no msg = win. - Kimchee pancake: perfectly cooked. Crispy outer layer but tasty with the perfect chew factor - Mackrel: fried, crisp but once you open the fish it's bursting with tender fleshy meat. Makes me love eating with chopsticks. Banchan and kimchee could be better and a little more authentic, however, our family of 5 had a feast and the bill, including a bottle of carbonated makali, came out to about $110.00. Not bad. We'll be back.
We came to Su-Dam a couple of days after its grand opening, and even though the decor looked inviting and modern, it was a terrible experience. We waited an hour-and-a-half, and never actually got our food (thankfully, they offered ban chan.) Even after waiting that long, the server couldn't give us a definitive answer as to whether we would be getting our ordered meals. So we left. Fast forward to now - with some trepidation, we decided to give Su-Dam another try, and the difference was night and day.  Our server was cheerful, competent, and responsive, and we got our meal plus plenty of ban chan refills within 15 minutes. The dol sot bim bim bop was excellent, loaded with fresh vegetables, and the jap chae was equally delicious and made with spinach, onions, carrots, and wood-ear mushrooms. Also tried a sweet rice drink that was fun and refreshing. They also serve organic tofu and there's no MSG, so you don't leave with a heavy-salted feeling; the food is fresh, clean, and light. Will definitely come again, and it's so fantastic to have an alternative to Tofu House relatively nearby.
I have been going to this restaurant regularly for lunches and dinners and I have noticed that the service level has improved significantly.  The wait staff are professional, thoughtful and caring.  They even accommodated a special request for my son happily.  I am impressed with the level of improvements. The food also has gotten much better.  Kimchee taste like real Kimchee now. All dishes are yummy. I am a big fan of this restaurant and look forward to going back there for many more meals with my staff and family.
I love the location in Los Altos and I am cheering for this restaurant to be successful and do... Read more 
I love the renovations they made to this place. Super clean and big. Love all the banchan they serve and, as always, you can ask for more or specific ones if the waiter does not serve you your favorite. (which I always think is a nice touch, especially if they don't throw additude) My favorite thing about this place is that in addition to your traditional soft tofu Su-Dam offers you up to 2 mix ins that you can add for free. I tried dumplings which were just ok, but my friend got cheese, yes CHEESE! I'm going back JUST FOR CHEESE mix in and suggest you should too. It made the broth extra creamy and delish.
Sudam had recently opened, so I decided to give this place a try. Decent place, really nice and clean inside, LOTS OF SPACE which I like.  The service is quick (food started coming in after 5 minutes) and the food is pretty good.  I had the chicken teriyaki - not bad IMO.  In a departure from the normal places that I go to, the chicken teryaki was not marinated in teriyaki sauce.  The flavor was still there, but it wasn't overpowering and didn't dominate.  I thought it was good.  Only drawback was that the chicken was a little dry.  The price was about right. The servers were very attentive; however, it wasn't like the restaurant was operating at maximum capacity. Came with rice and the usual side dishes - those were okay. Might only come here if for some reason Tofu House down the street isn't available.  Might come back to try some other dishes, but the other dishes were a bit pricey.
We went in for a late lunch on Monday (Memorial Day) - we actually wanted to eat at Chef Chu's (but they were closed for lunch). We parked, realized that their back doors are locked and there's way too many parking spaces available....yikes...I did not call ahead to make sure they are open! Hubby looked across the busy street and said hey...how about Korean?  We walked across the street....I was not convinced....but thought we should just try it.... There weren't too many customers....or is it because it's ginormous?  It's clean and spacious...we were seated...nice service.  The banchan was different than what we'd get at other Korean restaurants....the kim chee was really nice and light, not doused with this fishy after taste. We ordered: -kimchee & pork mandu - deep fried instead of pan fried.  We should have asked for steamed version...the filling was delish. -galbi - delicious - maybe a bit of MSG?...not sure....or soy sauce made me thirsty afterwards... -Dol sot Bim bim bap - hubby liked it...I thought ok...we asked for the egg to be cooked...somehow, the yolk must have fallen off somewhere while plating... The servers/wait staff were nice, but do not seem experienced....they were overselling a bit.  Our order was taken by someone slightly older than the wait staff...we asked for hot tea, he never brought it....we had to ask twice before it was brought to us. Overall, we really enjoyed the meal.  Much better than our regular SF haunts....too bad they are an hour away.....
This place just opened on 4/2. I was here yesterday at 5p.m and only one person was there at the same time I was. This place is elegant and large inside. The food though is just mediocre. There aren't to many options on the menu. I got the Korean tofu with beef soup for $10.99. You can get two free items when you order the soup and one of them is the ramen. The waiters were nice, but the one I got rushed off to soon each time with both me and the other guy. I didn't get refills on my water until I asked. A few of the other guys there refiled my glass w/o me having to ask a few times. I got the typical pickled vegetables & a bowl of rice that comes with the meal and most of it was good, but the kim chee wasn't spicy enough. It was fresh, but to fresh as if it wasn't properly marinated like one yelper claimed. When my entree came out, it turned out to be the wrong order. My waiter insisted that it's what I got. It sure wasn't soup with ramen in it. I insisted that it wasn't my order and finally someone told him that he messed up the order and it belonged to the people at the table in front of me. It was obvious that he's an inexperienced waiter. When I finally got my soup, it was very bland which was a surprise since I ordered it medium spicy. Also, there was hardly any beef or vegetables in the soup. There wasn't much ramen in it either. So I asked them for some hot sauce and they only had this gross cheap tasting 'hot' sauce that was like watered down ketchup with some chili flavor in it. They said that they didn't have any chili sauce or any hot sauce. What ethnic place doesn't have hot sauce? It took them forever to find some kind of hot sauce. One of the guys there finally found some chili paste for me which made the bland soup taste OK at best. I won't be coming back here. I don't mean to be harsh, but the very least a place can provide is hot sauce and more attentive service.
I ordered the spicy version of mushroom Soon Doo Boo with the dumpling and ramen for lunch. The tofu was really smooth. I had ordered it with egg and I wasn't sure what to expect, but I don't recall seeing it, it could have been mixed in like egg drop. We also got 6 little dishes of assorted items like kimchi, a sweet potato salad, some kind of eggplant, pickles, seaweed, and some unidentifiable veggie. We also got small bowls of brown rice, along with water & hot tea. It was enjoyable, but a little too salty for me. I will try to bring my family here to try it out. Service was better than reported by fellow Yelpers and most of the tables were occupied.
Great bi bim bap! Mmmm, very hot stone pot made for very crunchy rice around the edges. And my friend's beef skillet dish was very well seasoned. They brought out six complimentary bites of things (kimchi, egg and spiniach, other things) with our orders, good deal.
I've probably eaten at every Korean restaurant in the Bay area, for frame of reference. The scale I use for Korean restaurants here is a little different from the eateries in LA, where I used to live. Anyway, here's what I ate and my grade for each: 1. Dukboki (rice cakes in hot spicy sauce) with Ramen Grade: A+ I've been to "Dukboki town" in Seoul, and I gotta say, I was impressed with Su-Dam's version of Dukboki. Spicy but not too spicy, flavorful, with soft rice cakes, egg and fish cakes. Big bonus for having the option to include Ramen. (Btw this makes an excellent combo with beer, specifically a lager). 2. Kalbi (short ribs) Grade: B The meat was marinated well and it was obviously fresh. The pieces we got were a little too fatty. 3. Kimchi Jigae (Kimchi soup) Grade: B- The ingredients were fresh and it contained all the necessary items (Kimchi, Tofu, Onions, and Pork), but it lacked that zing, that richness in flavor. Also the tofu pieces were too small and not quite boiled enough...that kind of tofu is fine for Tofu soup but not ideal for Kimchi Jigae. 4. Banchan (side dishes) Grade: B Very fresh ingredients. Kimchi was almost too fresh (understandably, since the restaurant just opened). Clear noodles could've used more seasoning. Solid variety though. The service was excellent. The staff was very young, eager and nice. Prices were reasonable. Portions were just right. Check it out. Ahn young!
Okay food, but inconsistent service. I'm just glad to have another Korean dining option in the area now. Angie H.'s review pretty much covered it, so I'll defer to her review: http://www.yelp.com/biz/... Note that one of our favorite waitresses from Kunjip now works here, so we are hopeful that the quality of the wait staff is trending upward.
We first waited for 15 minutes until somebody picked up our order (only after we waived with our arms). Then we were brought drinks we did not order. The rice came with the appetizers, but since the main dish took another 15 minutes the rice was already cold when it came. There was no egg in the tofu pot even though I ordered it and then the waitress took my meal back for few minutes to add an egg. I ordered spicy but the dish was not at all spicy (seemed more like the very mild version of it). Oh and during our dinner we were served by 5 different people (not including the guy who cleans the table). It was their first day - therefore 2 stars. Guess the have lots of room for improvement. We like Korean food a lot, but probably won't come again soon as there is a much better option close by (So Gong Dong Tofu House).
Very clean.  Doesn't leave your clothes with that wacky smell that long time Korean restaurants can.  Extremely friendly and attentive service.  Great appetizers. The tofu soup:  a little bland (and I ordered it spicy). I'll be back to try the kalbi and bibimbop, but I think their soup pots need a little more seasoning before I order it again.
This place is really well decorated. The male high school waiters are...quirky, but certainly attentive, HAHA. The meat?! Horrible. I had the beef bibimbap, the sig other had chicken, and it was awful. The meat was disgusting--not seasoned, not marinated, maybe even boiled. The hot stone pot was very hot, I got a great sear on my rice. It did have kimchi in it, which I don't like. I really hope they take these suggestions and improve. I want this place to succeed because there's no place like it in Los Altos and the owner was really nice. But the food--amp it up.
Seafood pancake tastes very good.  I also like the BBQ beef dish.  They offer brown rice at no additional cost. This place is also CLEAN and spaceous and price is comparable to other Korean tofu houses.
Very clean and spacious inside. There were no other customers in the restaurant at all when I arrived, but it was 3:30pm on a Monday (during the period of time when most Asian restaurants are closed). Ordered the Seafood Soon Doo Boo (tofu soup) at the spicy level with egg. They have an option to add 2 extra items for free (like dumplings, rice cake, ramen, cheese, kimchee), so I chose rice cake and kimchee. The soup came out bubbling hot as it should, laden with lots of squid bits, small clams, one jumbo shrimp and two medium-sized dried shrimp. I didn't see an egg; I think they forgot it, but by the time I'd noticed, the soup was no longer hot and bubbling and I didn't want to be a pain over an egg that wasn't going to make or break my day. Lack of egg aside, the soup tasted rich and flavorful, salty but not too much. I spooned out most of the tofu and a bit of the soup to eat over the bowl of brown rice that accompanied it. At first glance, I originally thought that the portion of soup was going to be too large for one person to finish, but I found myself scraping the bottom of the soup crock with my spoon to get the last bits of flavor. I think the use of the dried shrimp really added to the taste. The banchan (side dishes) consisted of an eggplant dish, a kobocha (Japanese pumpkin) dish with egg dressing, kimchee, and three other vegetable dishes that I couldn't exactly identify but were of the same red color and taste profile as the kimchee. The server came by halfway through my meal to ask if I wanted a refill on any of the banchan dishes. I was half-way through the tofu soup, so I declined. Total price: $12 before tip. Overall, there could be more variety in the side dishes, but the restaurant was clean, service was excellent and the food was pretty good, albeit a little on the pricier side of things. Note: I found out after I left that they only use certified organic tofu in their dishes. This would explain the prices a bit. Also they don't use MSG, which was a wonderful discovery and definitely moved my original rating of 3.5 stars to 4.
Key point: no MSG! Love it! Service was great, food was yummy, place was roomy and well decorated. Love it!
Came here for my weekly Sunday Brunch and had a fantastic meal.  The mackerel was outstanding along with all the sides the meal comes with. Look forward to returning next Sunday!
Excellent food and excellent service. Don't really want much else to be happy! This is a newer, trendier, cleaner take on the Tofu House in Palo Alto. Bibimbap is great, and the spicy barbecued pork is great too - even if it errs a bit on the sweet side. Frankly visiting Su-Dam makes me want to visit South Korea to experience this cuisine in its native setting.
When I worked in Santa Clara, one of the proprietors of a restaurant told me there's 40 some odd Korean restaurants in the span of a few miles. In Los Altos? well I think there's 1. Taking over for the defunct Indian establishment, Su-Dam is brand new and clean. Having gotten out of work late, wasn't in the mood to prep or cook so I dropped in. Got the basics,spicy pork, galbi, seafood pancake. All solid. My only gripe is I like the old school charcoal grilling because of the nice char you get from the cooking. I think I need to request that when they cook for me here. Otherwise, you get soup and a variety of tasty kim chi / ban chan. There's no other Korean joints for at least a couple of miles so they'll definitely fill a needed ethnic niche.
I was eagerly awaiting the opening of this restaurant, as I was excited to have some good Korean food close by.  They did not disappoint!! I'm slow in writing the review... I was there over a month ago.  The bulgogi was fantastic!  Seafood pancake was also yummy.  The tofu was good, but I'll agree with some other reviewers that it was perhaps a bit on the bland side. The servers were very friendly, and it looked like they enjoyed their jobs -- that makes the whole experience more enjoyable for me too!  The timing of the dishes coming out was a bit off, but I'm betting they have that nailed down by now. I'll be going back soon!!
Our first time here. Very good n attentive service. Appreciate their nice menu n' cleanliness. Their small dishes have good variety. We had Dae Ji Bul Go Gi n Bi Bim Naeng Myun, both r yummy! We usually go to the other tofu house. But this new one is pretty good. With new spacious renovation, will come more often!
I was really excited that a korean restaurant was opening up near my house. Unfortunately, my experience at Su Dam was not so great. First of all, I was impressed with the space and cleanliness of the restaurant. This was promising. However, it went downhill from there. The servers seemed pretty new and repeatedly got our orders wrong. While the food was pretty tasty, the service left a bad taste in my mouth. I hope this is only because the restaurant is new and things will improve. My friends and I ordered tofu soup. The soup was nice and spicey and there were big chunks of tofu but I did not get the kim chi that is suppose to come with it. The banchan tasted fresh but I would have liked a better variety like chop chae and bean sprouts.
this place is A-OK according to my 3 stars on yelp. It's hard to find a decent Korean place in the South Bay (or the peninsula according to someone). This place I would go on a regular basis and tastes fairly authentic. Good banchan, good galbi. Gf had bibimbap which was average compared to those in southern california. Dukbokki was not "too die for" which I was highly recommended. It was average as well. Overall, the place is decent and price is respectable. One thing to note, this place was very clean - almost too clean for a korean restaurant...
I wish Su-Dam served better quality food. This area could use a good full-service Korean restaurant. The menu is more expansive than at Tofu House, but Tofu House food definitely has a superior kitchen. At Su-Dam, the portions are smaller and the proteins in particular can be difficult to locate in the dish. My husband ordered dol sot bibimbap with chicken. There were only a few very small pieces of diced chicken. Also, the stoneware pot was not hot enough to form the crispy rice bottom. The soon dubu hot pot was watery and not at all spicy, despite my request. Also, the banchan side dishes are average. At a minimum, the kimchee at a Korean restaurant needs to be good and it was sort of watery and not very tasty. The wait staff is very young. They tend to be upbeat but not very polished or experienced. The restaurant itself is clean and pleasant. If you want a local Korean fix and are interested in a dish that Tofu House does not offer, Su-Dam is ok. It's really not terrible but it could be so much better.
I attended this restaurant's private grand opening. This was their "soft opening" as they gear up for their big public one the next day. While this review is strictly based on their privately held soft opening, I do anticipate coming back here again for yet another experience. Overall, I would have to say that this place has amazing potential and it is definitely worth going to. Location: It's smack on the side of El Camino Real and San Antonio. We didn't have a problem with parking and there's easy front and back access to the restaurant. This place is near a lot of business areas, so I'm thinking this would be a good place to get your korean food fix without driving all the way down to Santa Clara. Saves you time and gas, who doesn't love that? Interior: I'm not a picky or snooty person when it comes to eating environments, but I have to say, this place is definitely above average compared to your run-of-the mill Korean eatery establishments. The place is spacious with a lot of elbow room- it sure beats rubbing shoulders or backs with the people dining near you. That's something I can appreciate! There's a lot of greenery from bamboo plants and cool colored mood lighting to set a relaxing atmosphere. There is also a private room available! It looks like it could sit about 20 people or so. The wait-staff: Friendly and accommodating. They're a young bunch, but they definitely busted their tail and bent over backwards for the patrons. The managers were there getting down with the table bussing and serving as well. Later, I spoke with one of them briefly. Mr. Suh is super approachable and really took the time to make sure our experience was a good one. Thanks, Mr. Suh!!! The food: As far as the food goes, Su-Dam is pretty solid. We chose from the grand opening menu, so this included traditional varieties tofu soup (soon dubu) which you can add 2 extra toppings inside (ham, ramen, rice cakes, dumplings, kimchi), bbq meats (bulgogi and daeji bulgogi), and variations bibimbap. I ordered a chicken bibimbap that came on a stone plate. The plating was really nice and the flavor of it was good. The portion was HUGE, and I had to share with my mom just to finish it. Lots of toppings in the bimbimbap too- yummy. My boyfriend had a hae-mul soondubu (seafood tofu soup) and he said it was pretty good, although he had wish there was more shrimp in it than the one that floated all by itself. The side dishes were decent as well. I noticed other people ordering the bbq meats and I stole a few pieces from my friend. The spicy bbq pork had a lot of flavor and packed just enough heat. Hats off to the chef, I bet he had his hands full all night. I'm definitely coming back to try items from their full menu next time. Updated review, coming soon! Like I said, my overall experience here was pleasant. There was a bit of a wait issue because there were tons of people there, but the staff made up for it by being really accommodating with beverage refills and what not.  Since this is the pre-opening to the official "opening of the flood gates", I'm definitely going back to experience this place again.
The other half has come here a couple of times for lunch (the tofu soup bowl) and wanted to try dinner.  We ordered the seafood pancake, bulgogi and a dolsat bibimbap (shrimp).  We got ice water and the other half got tea.  Oddly, the tea comes in a water glass (and was somewhat weak).  We scan the interior -- it's well appointed.  This place seems to attract large groups of folks and had a good buzz going around 7PM. While waiting, we got the assortment of veggie munchies.  I guess the kimchi has improved since some of the comments from just after they opened... tasted fine to me.  We were offered refills on the side plates without our asking.  Water was refilled frequently (it's a warm day today).  We are brought a bowl of rice (free). The bulgogi arrived first... the slices are a little thicker than I'm used to, but well marinated and sizzling happily over a bed of narrowly-slivered onion.  The beef was sufficiently tender that super-thin slicing was not an issue (as I have encountered elsewhere on occasion).  We set aside half the plate for doggie-bagging.  The bulgogi comes with miso soup (more on this later). The pancake arrives -- very nice.  Lots of shrimp and veggies, thinly sliced squid were present as well.  The size was perfect for sharing amongst two diners with 3 of 8 slices being reserved for the second doggie bag.  I like using the bbq sauce on the pancake. The bibimbap arrives... it has bunches of shrimp and veggies and a runny-side-up friend egg on top.  We stirred that in and noticed that there's not a lot of rice in the bowl, which we actually liked -- as good as sizzled rice can be, I'd rather have the other goodies in greater concentration.  The bibimbap also comes with miso soup. So, what could be done to earn that fifth star? - serve tea in cups, not a water glass.  Maybe use the usual cups and a small pot? - if you have two diners and they've placed their order that will include two miso soups, deliver both soups at the same time. Summary -- good meal, under 50$ including tax, tip & license.  We'll be back.
I went here I think the second night they were open, and the food and ambiance was great, but the service was terrible. The waiters must have been the owner's sons and they obviously had never served tables before. A month later, I went again and my experience was considerably improved. The waitress we had was very attentive and I had no complaints. I will continue and hope that service will still be good.
I really wanted to like this place.  The servers are friendly, if perhaps a bit inexperienced, the interior is clean, stylish and well decorated, and the owner came over to talk to us and was also very friendly. All these things are nice, but at the end of the day the reason I go to a particular Korean restaurant is the food, and the food here is just not good.  We had a tofu soup which was really bland and mostly tofu, and a bibimbap which also was rather flavorless.  The stone bowl for the bibimbap was also not very hot so the rice was not able to crisp up and so the whole thing was just a bowl of mush.  To top this all off, one of the banchan dishes (a mashed potato type item) was bad --- i.e. sour left out in the sun bad. I think this restaurant gets a lot of things right, except for the food, which is unfortunately the most important thing.  Fix that, and I will be back, and I'll leave a much better rating.  But otherwise, I wont be back.
Su-Dam was fine -- not bad, but nothing special.  I'm glad to have more Korean options in the immediate area, but I can't see any reason to come here instead of the Tofu House just up El Camino. The service was friendly and attentive, but not very experienced.  While I appreciated the effort, I didn't need to be constantly interrupted just to be politely asked if I'd like more water. Both the dol sot bibimbap and the seafood soon doo boo chigae were somewhat bland.  There wasn't anything in particular that was wrong with them -- they simply weren't especially satisfying.
Very good Kalbi.  Thinly cut and flavorful.  I would order it again. Option to have brown rice which is good for me. Ban chan is pretty good, except they don't have the sprout which I love. Server was friendly and prompt.  Offered to refill ban chan without being asked. Restaurant is spacious and nicely decorated. Prices are on the high end, but hey it's Los Altos.
Came back after a so-so experience at the 1st time but we are delighted to 'taste' significant improvement in food quality. The service was good and we do hope that they could keep it up.
Gotta give 5 stars for service, all the staff were very friendly and kept coming over to ask how everything was. Waitress was very apologetic about my being charged the dinner price for the galbi instead of the lunch plate (which now makes me wonder if that was a lunch portion or dinner portion). Anyway, they changed it with no fuss. But I seem to have read that the same thing happened to a fellow yelper. You'd think they'd have learnt from that. Also, free miso soup! I found it strange that only I got a bowl and my friend didn't though, that doesn't seem quite right.. Side dishes. All vegetables, the sweet potato mash of some sorts was the best. There were three variants on kimchee (or at least, they seemed to have the same sauce). And bean sprouts were not bad too. Still prefer tofu house's or korea house's array of ban chan though. Had a bean sprout soup that came with my lunch plate that was not bad, clean and clear. Felt healthy anyhow! Salad dressing was also pretty gd. The beef itself was very tender and fall off the bone. Good cuts of meat without too much fat. Agree w fellow yelper on wanting it to be charcoal grilled though! Also, found it a but strange that there was quite some black pepper in the dish, I don't seem to recall kalbi having black pepper as a rule. Prices are a little high I think, $12.99 for a lunch special is not really a deal, per se. Perhaps Korean food is just a little more on the pricey side though.
Interior: 4/5 stars --- WAY better than any other Korean restaurant. Side dishes: 3/5 stars.  Good potato/egg dish, ok kimchee, bean sprouts not great. Tofu soup: 0/5 stars.  No depth or body at all to the soup base; we asked for spicy, but it came out mild.  We sent it back, asking for more spice, but it came out not even medium spicy.  We ended up adding the kimchee and spicy radish side dishes to it, as well as the bibimbap sauce before it was spicy enough to taste OK.  We had also asked for the ramen to be added---but it was instant ramen noodles, so not that great of a taste. Bibimbap: 2/5 stars.  Lots of oil in the bottom, not so great cuts of beef. But rice and vegetables were OK. Summary: Unless they improve the food, go somewhere else.  It's a shame because the interior is so nice and they just opened.
went there day after they just opened. the interior was clean and well done, not luxury, but nice 4/5 stars service: while it was busy, they were very attentive 4/5 stars. food: you can tell the quality of Korean restaurant by its side dishes. while not a large spread, it was very clean, fresh and not too sweet/salty [a sign of high quality]. we ordered the Korean BBQ beef [aka Galibi] and our kids just chowed it down. i would give 4/5 for if it was in NYC or LA Korea town. considering, this was in sleep town of Los altos, i would give solid 5/5 stars for taste. ps. we also ordered some noodle dishes and the past was very firm and seem to be home made....
The place is clean and well decorated. But I got nothing good to say about their food. It wouldn't mind paying more for good food.... But paying more for below mediocre food is frustrating.
I am rooting for this place to be successful as I live in Los Altos and eat  a LOT of Korean food. Unfortunately, they still need to work some kinks out. I've only eaten here once.  I will try it again a few times, but it's definitely mediocre.  The chef is not good - it's about the same level of Korean food as I can make (ie. not good.)  The owners should go and eat at Tofu House up the road in Palo Alto and take some pointers.  Tofu House is jammed packed on weekends so this could be a nice addition in the area for a Korean food alternative if the chef and/or owner can get  their act together. It would be nice not to have to drive to Santa Clara or wait 40 min for a table at Tofu House. So here's what I ordered and what I liked/didn't like: 1. Galbi - the grade of meat was very poor and every piece was laden with globs of fat.  You can't make good food if you start off with sub-par ingredients. I will never order this again here. 2. DukBookYi - so glad to see this on the menu. Ordered it for the kids and they LOVED it. Will definitely order this again, but the portion size is a little small for the price in my opinion. Duk and white onions are cheap ingredients so I recommend up-ing the portion size on this dish so the customer doesn't feel quite so ripped off. 3. Kimchee jigae. This was bad bad bad.  I can make much better kimchee jigae in 10 minutes at home. The kimchee needs to be sour when you make this. If the kimchee is not ripe enough, it just doesn't taste good. Also, the menu said it was pork kimchee jigae. I had one small dime sized piece of pork in my whole bowl of soup. There is skimping out and then there is cheaping out.  I felt like I was in a poor man's restaurant eating this dish. 4. Duk Gook. This dish was pretty good and my husband who can't stand spicy food enjoyed it. 5. Side dishes - these were a 7 on a scale of 10.  Could be an 8 if the kimchee was better, the gakdookee was good though, and I loved the bok choy mul. 6. I ordered 4 dishes and had 4 diners. They only gave us 2 bowls of rice. OK....I have never been to a Korean restaurant that was stingy with rice, which cost the restaurant practically nothing! I asked the waiter for 2 more bowls of rice which we got after 10 minutes. I noticed on the bill, they charged me $3 for those 2 bowls of rice. Not a good way to woo loyal patrons....very penny wise, pound foolish. I ahve NEVER been charged for extra rice in a Korean restaurant, and I frequent all the ones in the area. Finally, the decor is nice, and I know this restaurant spent a long time in the construction phase. Instead of spending so much time and money on wall art, I advise the owner to spend more money on quality ingredients and hiring more experienced wait staff. The white college students serving food knew nothing about Korean food and only refilled water or more side dishes when you hounded them down. It was a bit amateur hour. For now, I'll spend the extra 5 minutes driving to Tofu House since it's still a bit cheaper and the food quality is much better. I hope they can improve food service and quality in the next few months!
I'm not sure if the other reviewers went to a different restaurant than we did but it was absolutely awful.  I'm Korean and have been to many different Korean restaurants, but this was by far the worst one I've ever tried in ANY city.  I only have two positive things to say:  the bathroom was clean and the restaurant itself was clean.  The rest is all negative, unfortunately.  I know they just opened, but it was extremely disorganized and the waiters were all arguing....the environment itself seemed hectic and the staff didn't seem to know what was going on.  First they said they ran out of jap-chae, then I overheard the waiters arguing about whether they really did run out of jap-chae or not.  The kim-chee tasted terrible....the other ban-chan was just ok.  We also tried ordering bulgogi but I guess they ran out of that too.  What Korean restaurant runs out of bulgogi???  It's like running out of kim-chee!  So we ended up ordering marinated kalbi instead, which they said they would charge us the bulgogi price for but charged us the full kalbi price instead.  The kalbi was terrible:  meat was undercooked, wasn't really marinated.... it was like they just slathered the sauce on top of the meat as they cooked it instead of actually marinating the meat.  We ordered fried mandoo, which was almost burnt and which they didn't bring out till middle of our meal.  Oh yeah, we also ordered bibimbap but they never even brought that out so we just told them to forget it.  I've been to newly opened restaurants before but never have I been to one so disorganized and hectic.  My thoughts are that if the service is bad, then the tastiness of the food has to make up for it.  This was not the case here.  They had plenty of staff and the restaurant wasn't even 30% full so I'm not sure what all the confusion was about.  Maybe too many hands in the kitchen.  Either way, I will not be going back to this restaurant and if they continue that way, there will be a GRAND CLOSING of Sudam!
it is very clean. good as lunch place. waiters are very friendly. helped my vegetarian friend find the right food to it.
