Highly recommend the baked rigatoni! And as always, spaghetti in meat sauce was very good. Our waiter here was so nice!  Always got refills on soda, and all requests were met with courtesy and filled right away.  Very impressed with the service from such a busy restaurant.
We went here for my brother's graduation. Luckily for us we were able to make reservations for 14 folks (the day of because most restaurants only allow for call ahead seating and usually give you the run around).The hostesses could care less that we were there. For a family we ordered 2 salads, 3 pasta entrees, and the chicken, along with 2 appetizers and still ended up having lots of left overs. I was surprised that the food wasn't as salty as other locations, which is a major plus. I guess its why this place gets 4 instead of 3 stars. Also the additional star is for our amazing waitress. She made things go off without a hitch, no messed up orders, everything ran smoothly! Refills on everything :) Super friendly--I wish I got her name I would have given her a shout out. The decor matches the ones in other locations (DC & SF), it is a chain, but I like that the place has character rather than the sterile places with white walls that are popping up everywhere else.
Less than 24 hours after my review went up, I was contacted by Pat, the General Manager.  He was incredibly kind, apologetic and genuinely displeased by the level of service we received.  He asked a few questions about our meal and then offered to refund our entire check and send us some gift certificates for a do-over. I understand that people are human, mistakes are made and that we all have off-days.  Even more than that, I appreciate a business who is willing to stand behind it's customers and really take care of them.  Most companies just shrug it off, but this restaurant has taken accountability and is taking all the necessary steps to ensure it's customer's the best experience. Thank you Pat and thank you, Buca.  I will most definitely be back.  And yes, even to this location.
The food was GOOD.  It's not earth shatteringly scrumptious or anything really worth writing home to... Read more 
Out of snobbery, I have always passed by without a second thought.  A friend suggested we try it, and I have to say-- it was one of the better meals out I've had in downtown Palo Alto.  Lasagne was a little too heavy, but spicy chicken rigatoni was flavorful, savory, and made with surprisingly toothsome pasta.  Portions were large, and service was of course unpretentious and quick. I'm not saying it was superb.  But I am saying, you shouldn't go anywhere in Palo Alto that isn't better than this.
It was ok. The service was friendly but it felt a bit forced.. very young waiters. The food was ok. Not the best Italian food but it's a good portion and it wasn't bad. The interior was very Italian:) But it was too dark. There's no window in the restaurant. You walk in and it's in the very back. A bit weird.
My boyfriend really likes this place! I love the interior decor. food was okay, a little bit greasy. I guess we'll go there again :)
We had a small glitch going to this restaurant as we got confused at the door seeing the open kitchen and servers taking orders.  For a moment I thought I stepped inside their back door.  The host wasn't too efficient either as we waited for available seats at the early 5.45pm dining hour. The food was ok, but I wish the waiter was a bit more considerate as he popped in and out to take orders while I was struggling to calm my baby.  We tried the eggplant parmigiana, chicken saltimbocca, lasagna and tiramisu.  For party of 3, the small size order came in about right for each dish though they were still too much when combined. I asked if their Tiramisu was using mascarpone cheese before ordering but it felt not as light as home made ones.  I'm a bit disappointed in that, esp. that the big one size dessert cost over $10.
Came to the Palo Alto Bucca di Beppo for an afternoon birthday party, approximately thirty or so attendees. I guess we came at a good time because it was not crowded the way other yelp reviewers described there visits of long waits. The food was ordered in different sequences...appetizers, salad, pizza and pasta. First served was the garlic bread and the cheese bread. Lots of bread, baked in the restaurant and the bread was good with lots of garlic and butter. Second served was the chopped salad and the green mixed salad. The chopped salad was flavorful, not drowned out by the dressing, same with the green mixed salad. Pizza was served afterwards, the pepperoni and the four cheese. The shape was squared, the crust was good but the four cheese pizza was too cheesy for me. Finally the pastas were served... the spaghetti and meatballs, the meatballs were huge. I like the marinara sauce, not to tangy and the noodles were al dente. Also served was the penne noodles with pesto. The pesto was creamy and tasty. Bucca di Beppo is a good place for a large party because of the lively and festive atmosphere.  There are lots of black and white pictures. I like the picture of the lady holding the watermelons.
PROS: Good for last minut reservations, good family style dishes for groups, always a fun and lively time to be had here. My office comes for a huge conference dinner every year and have kept coming back. The food is pretty good, always impressive in magnitude, and they handled our large group very well. CONS: This year for our conference dinner we pre-ordered, and the restaurant never bothered to tell us that 1) we were getting enough food for at least 40 people (and they knew it was a table for 20. My co-worker had even asked if they thought this was enough food for 20 and they said it was fine - we had 4 bags filled with leftovers!!) and 2) our bill was grossly overbudget. To be fair, they didn't know our budget, but in previous years we've never spent more than $500 for 20 people, and this year it came to $888. Their online menu for the family style has no prices and they never gave us the total cost. True we could have asked, but also they should have confirmed the final cost. Not sure if we'll have it in our budget to go again =(. * Mixed Green Salad - 2 stars (Our fresh lettuce blend tossed with our signature Italian vinaigrette, red onions, pepperoncini peppers and black and green olives) Simple, exactly what the description says. A giant bowl that serves 4 (but really serves like 8) comes with just two pepperoncini peppers on top. * Chicken Parmigiana - 3 stars (Large breaded and sauteed chicken breasts topped with marinara and mozzarella, then baked to golden perfection) Not bad, not bad. The meat was a little tough but the breading had a good crunch and the marinara sauce was tangy and fresh. * Eggplant Parmigiana - 3.5 stars (Breaded and fried eggplant slices topped with marinara, fresh tomatoes, basil and mozzarella, then baked to golden perfection) I actually really liked this one, especially since the eggplant was thinly sliced and you end up with several slices with breading in between. The chewy/crunchy/chew/crunchy layers are nice texture wise to bite into. Just like the chicken parm, the marinara was good. * Spicy Chicken Rigatoni - 1.5 stars (Awaken your taste buds with a new favorite - tender chicken breast sauteed with garlic and red pepper, tossed with peas, a spicy rosa sauce and imported Italian rigatoni pasta) I usually like a good kick of spice, but this one was just way too much! It overpowered everything else to the point that I really didn't enjoy the dish. Plus the chicken was far, FAR from tender. * Spaghetti with Meatballs - 3 stars (Our famous half-pound, mouth-watering meatballs smothered in homemade marinara sauce on a bed of imported Italian spaghetti) Solid, your standard spaghetti and meatballs. Love the GIANT meatballs, always fun to get this at the table. * Ravioli al Pomodoro - 3 stars (Ravioli stuffed with the classic combination of mozzarella, provolone, ricotta and Parmesan cheeses, served with our homemade marinara sauce) Also a perfectly fine dish. The cheese stuffing was very flavorful and balanced well with the marinara sauce. * Italian Broccoli Romano - 2 stars (Broccoli with garlic and a light touch of crushed red pepper and Parmesan cheese) Overcooked, soft, and overspiced.
Went there with my family for the first time in a bunch of years and we asked for bread. The waitress made no mention of complimentary bread but only gave us the option of garlic bread or cheese bread, we chose garlic thinking there was no other option (she offered cheese bread again after that). We see the next table stationed by another waiter getting fresh bread with oil and balsamic and we mention it to our waitress, saying we were not aware that they offered just bread and her only comment was: "you want regular bread too?" The food was good but that kind of ruined the meal. I had hoped that she would have taken the garlic bread off the ticket but she didn't. I would have tipped her well if she had.
Sat there for 15 minutes without service of any kind. Left to find a restaurant that served food and drinks. No food=no stars (actually one star since Yelp requires it)
Came here the other night for dinner and had the Chicken Parmesan with Alfredo pasta.  The food was pretty decent for a chain.  I found the chicken to be kind of soggy, but super flavorful.  The alfredo was delicious as opposed to the red sauce that my boyfriend ordered. I would definitely come back if I was craving Italian, but I'm sure there are other Italian alternatives in the Palo Alto area. Beware! There are alot of "exposing" images in the restaurant haha:)
I really like Buca di Beppo!  Usually. This one is just too cramped, too loud. There were multiple hordes of tween girls the night we went; they were absolutely inescapable. And our waiter inexplicably switched after we ordered our drinks. Love the food-- especially the rosa sauce. It's unbelievable. And the chef was kind enough to sub out the chicken for broccoli on the dish with the chicken, peas, and rosa sauce, since that used to be my favorite thing on the menu before I turned veggiesaurus. Oh, and it was delicious... and not just because we were breaking Passover. Okay, but the weirdest part was that they seated us, got us our food, and got us out of there in under a half hour. I guess that's a good thing, that they're able to do that? But given the loudness of the restaurant, how busy it was, and our seating right by the walkway, we just felt pressured to finish our dinner and get out so they could assembly-line our table for the next guests. Very factory-feeling.
I don't know how I missed reviewing this place.  We go here often because of the great food.  We even had our rehearsal dinner here! Though this is a chain, the food is fresh and comes out hot.  The portions are huge, so go with an appetite or a group of friends!  They seems to add seasonal items to their menu, which is nice if you go here a few times a year. There are coupons in the mail and if you sign up for their eclub, you'll get specials and promotions emailed to you (the leap year $29 dinner for 4 was a STEAL). If you're going to hold a large party here and need a banquet reservation.  Keep tabs on them, as the banquet manager seems a little overwhelmed.
Slow service, average food, above average prices and nice decor. I like the entertainment though.
As you walk into Buca di Beppo (really, any of them), you're stunned by the large number of tables and decor adorning the walls. Even in the bathrooms, there are pictures lining the walls (some of which are rather amusing). Perhaps this busyness of decor is indicative of the culture you'll expect at Buca di Beppo. Very loud, busy environment, with plenty of tables and people conversing, and wait staff desperately buzzing about trying to keep up with all the orders. Service is rather slow, and at times, just seems overworked. As for the food, it's an unfortunate reality that the more locations a restaurant opens, the more the quality of food degrades. Such is the case with Buca di Beppo. I've had many of their dishes, from pasta to meats to pizzas, and they all have left me really pretty underwhelmed. There's not a single dish that I can point to as being something that I'm really thrilled about. The fried calamari is a decent enough start to the meal. The pastas come in large portions, and I haven't found one that I'm really thrilled for, which is especially problematic since the large portions almost always means you have to take it home with you. The pizza con formaggio is pretty good, and cheesy. Overall, though, it is a rather "meh" restaurant. Meh service, meh food. Decent enough ambiance.
I used to be a big Fan of Buca di Beppo. I remember going when they first opened in SF in 1997. The one in Honolulu in 2002. Then I started going to the one in Palo Alto when it first opened and the food and service despite the crowd was great. I noticed that over the years their customer service and food has deteriorated. The food is bland and has no flavor. The service is bad. I took my family for dinner last night and had a bad experience. The floor supervisor was packing the rooms like sardines. The food came out on time but the pasta we ordered was bland. We were enjoying our bottle of wine when the waiter was already bringing the bill. I felt like we were being kicked out of the place. I don't mind the noise cause we were being loud. Sad because Buca used o be my favorite place to take my family to eat.
Hello Carb overload!  I see this place as the TGIF/Olive garden of fast food pasta!  It's another major chain restaurant. Affordable Italian comfort food.  This place is perfect for team lunches and large group parties. Definitely a family style restaurant.  So when you order its pretty much for the whole table to try.  The portions are huge!! Things that I have enjoyed here: -Fried Calamari- its just like any other fried calamari. -Apple Gorgonzola Salad (the best out of three salads they offer)  You have thin slices of apple and tons of walnuts.  I like the balance between the sweet apples and tangy dressing. This salad can serve a table of 10 people! It's huge! one order is enough. -Shrimp Fra Diavolo - I love this spicy rose sauce and shrimp!  One of my favorites! -Spaghetti with Meatball - very heavy and very basic.  Huge meatballs!! -Chicken Parmigiana - One order is like 7 pieces of chicken! generous portion! -Baked Ziti - Extremely heavy.  This dish is full of cream, butter, pasta and cheese! This dish will knock you out! Pretty much at the end of lunch you are too sleepy to do anything.  For dinner, its even worse because you really really want to sleep after this meal.  The food here is pretty basic.  Nothing really stood out and my experience was horrible.  It was just ok.
My husband and I decided at the last minute to go out for Valentine's Day dinner and arrived at around 7:30.  We only waited about 5 minutes before we were seated and then had the most fantastic service from our waiter NATHAN. Parking to go to this restaurant can be a total pain in the butt because it is in downtown Palo Alto, but if you can't find anything above ground, there is an underground garage by what I believe is City Hall.  It always feels a little strange walking into the restaurant because you come in through the kitchen, immediately find yourself staring at a life-size magnet of Danny Devito, and then you see the podium.  There are tons of strung lights and all sorts of entertaining pictures adorning all of the walls.  I kind of wonder if they do this to entertain the kids since it is a family-oriented restaurant.  Haha, either way, prepare to be amused. I notice something new every time I come here and get seated in a different area of the restaurant. Since we're both vegetarians, sometimes we make obnoxious requests to tweak the menu and remove meat.  Nathan totally got it and served all of our dishes as requested and since they are family style, we had a ton of leftovers.  He was really polite and funny and always managed to keep our glasses full without ever hovering. For vegetarians out there looking for suggestions, we really like the Chopped Antipasto Salad (they will make a version with no meat), the Eggplant Parmesan, and the Spicy (Chickenless) Rigatoni.  I wasn't a huge fan of their cheesecake but I just didn't like the nuts that they put on them. While it's better to bring a large group to Buca di Beppo, it works well for two if you don't mind having leftovers the next day.
it's good comfort food. A bit too much last time i went because we just can't finish our food and their was a group of at least 18 people.
This place is more offensive to Italian culture than The Jersey Shore. They get one star for having Peroni on tap.
Ate here last Friday, had a good night. Just two of us and like other reviewers have said, this place gets a lot of large groups. I'm not surprised either, as the food is good and the sharing sized portions are good value and ideally suited to group dining. Personally, it was too much for me and unless you are a Gannett you would find it hard to eat a portion of food by yourself. However, to give credit where it is due, the serving staff mentioned this and they were super helpful. Indeed, the staff were great, very attentive despite being busy and they gave excellent service. Overall, we had a great night, slightly spoiled by the REALLY noisy family group that were sat next to us. Although, that was probably just our bad luck. Would we go again...yes but only with a group of  friends.
I will never understand the appeal of Buca di Beppo. Went for a party so there was a lot to choose from. Sadly nothing actually satisfied any craving (and my taste buds were pissed too.) Their house made italian bread is the same bread I get when I screw up my pizza dough. Its not complicated but for whatever reason everyone raves about it. I'll give them their Apple Gorganzola salad is good, but put any fruit and cheese over lettuce and its pretty hard to screw up. Then there's the Cheesy Bread Florentine described as "A flavorful mixture of Parmesan, mozzarella and provolone cheeses with spinach, tomatoes and lots of garlic, melted on top of our house-baked Italian bread." - Funny how they say its flavorful when its not, they make it sound good, but its not.  The Ravioli al Pomodoro is a Ravioli stuffed with the classic combination of mozzarella, provolone, ricotta and Parmesan cheeses, served with our homemade marinara sauce, I will never understand how sauced dishes can come out bland. Shouldn't there have been flavor cooked into the sauce. The one I'll admit to enjoying is the  Baked Ziti - Mozzarella, Parmesan, provolone and ricotta cheeses mixed with imported Italian ziti and freshly made marinara and creamy Alfredo sauces, baked with Italian breadcrumbs. I enjoy most things that are deep fried and this one had the most potential. I won't give them only one star because I do like how you can take big parties there, but really, why is there such a rave about this place? Its not that good..
Its Buca, a nice place to come for a big group.  The place is packed.  They always seem to be packed.  You walk through the kitchen.  into the dining area.  Place is covered with pictures, and italian kisky nick nacks, wine bottles.   But the tables are packed and packed tight.  Be sure you like your frients. We had calamari, mixed green.   Everything is family style.  The table is a little packed with the glasses and plates.  Service is fair.  Margherita pizza,  side of broccoli, Linguini Frutti, basically mussles, calamari and clams, chicken carbonara was good.  But the tiramisu was flat.  Good basic food, not authentic, but good food.  think a step up chain resturant. food **** decor*** service*** just a bit crowded and loud.
I met my friend's here for their mom's 82nd birthday. It was almost a four hour drive but worth it to see the look on her face when I walked in! She was surprised to see me and it was so fun to surprise her since I have known her since I was four and lets just say she was a young mom when we met so we have known each other for about a half a century! ***Ouch**** it was special to be able to celebrate with her and about nine other tables!!! Everytime we turned around, they were singing an Italian Happy Birthday song! Everyone must have been born on September 10th in that place, that night! My friend complained about the noise but her mom seemed to enjoy herself and was not complaining and it was just a fun place to go and the food was great! The service was amazing considering how busy the place was. The only reason I would not give it 5 stars is cuz I had to walk about four blocks and the parking sucks! I didn't mind, since I love to walk and don't mind the exercise. But I was thinking if someone wasn't wanting to work off the calories or if the weather was bad... they might want more convenient parking...
food fresh and hot served quickly. like the new menu, but wish they had left the one on the wall.  Kids love this place loud and crazy.  went for Mother's day got a seat right away, first time ever.  waiter was nice and everyone was in a good mood.
I do like Buca di Peppo. The food and service has always been good for me. They also have good drinks. As for authenticity? I doubt this is hardcore Italian food, but it tastes good to me. The only drawback is seriously the amount of food they give you. I wish the sizes were smaller so you could try more things at one sitting. It doesn't matter how little you think you ordered, you ordered too much. I usually order family style and we go with a bunch of people. But every time I can only try one or two of the dishes, because after that I get full. Carb overload! But I would recommend this place to someone. Especially for a group dinner/event/birthday. Also, do not eat at all that day! You will need all the room you can get!
So nice!! Last time I came here was during high school graduation times ... Looks like Christmas in here.  Don't worry, you have to walk through the kitchen, but even then you will be greeted cheerfully. So cozy in here.  Wine bottles laced upon the ceiling... reminds me of the episode in Jersey Shore when they go to Italy...seriously.  It's like a whole new world in here.  Wonderful for celebrations... I'm raving about the atmosphere and wonderful service here more than the food.  SERIOUSLY.  Like, this and Maggiano's---my favorite decor ever. How much more can I say about this.  Every location is an adventure.  And this surpasses Olive Garden, ... but Olive Garden is still a 5-star location. (being nice). And please--after dinner, walk along University Avenue where there are beautiful christmas lights on all the trees...seriously.  So pretty.  Lovee itt.
It's buca di beppo! Food won't make you think you're in Italy or anything, but we got what we expected and went home with full bellies of calamari and spicy chicken rigatoni. Fast sweet service too. Only real negative -- they'd run out of wheat pasta womp womp. Okay and the menu is kinda boring.
Love this family style Italian restaurant. We have been to Buca di beppo several times and have always walked out satiated. This is a good place to go to, especially if you are in a big group. As this is a family style restaurant, the portions are pretty large; we almost always end up with a to-go box. Their tiramisu is absolutely mouth-watering, I have never had better tiramisu in any other place by far. A few of my favorites are Stuffed Mushrooms, Spicy Chicken Rigatoni and Ravioli with Meat Sauce.
Had dinner here with my boyfriend, my friend, and her husband a few weeks ago. I've had Buca a few times in the past, and this place is just about the same as my past experiences. The layout of the restaurant is quite confusing - when you first enters, you can see parts of the kitchen on both sides. The hallway leads you to the main dining area that is split into different parts - there are many twists & turns that I got lost on the way back from the bathroom. We ended up ordering their new spicy chicken rigatoni & the shrimp fra diavolo. The pasta turned out to be very delicious; however, I would have appreciated it if the waiter had mentioned that both pasta have the same sauce! The 2 dishes basically tasted like they came from the same pot, except one has chicken and one has shrimp...that part was slightly disappointing. As for dessert, we ordered the tiramisu as a lot of people ordered it (and my boyfriend said he's had it before & it's delicious!). Yes, it turned out to be quite delicious, but I would have liked it even more if they didn't use as much rum as they had. Some bites of the tiramisu was just bitter/nasty from the overpowering rum. As for the service, I won't comment too much since it was just mediocre at best. They were really busy, so I didn't really expect much anyway... Overall, Buca will always be a great place for family-style dining (most tables were large and they had quite a lot of birthdays on that night). I wouldn't say I would ever crave their food, but it's always an option when you have a large party & are craving Italian!
I've been at this restaurant at least 6 or 7 times. While the food hasn't changed much the service has deteriorated dramatically. Our waiter Carlos was awful.
THEY RUINED OUR THANKSGIVING NIGHT! I really like the one in Sacramento, so I thought this one was good too, but it wasn't the case. We made a reservation for Thanksgiving' eve at 8 :30 pm. Around 4 pm, they called us to confirm our reservation which was at 8 30 p.m. We drove from Santa Cruz to Palo Alto, cause a friend of us came from Pennsylvania to visit us and we were showing him around the area. So at 8: 20 p.m We were in Buca di Beppo and told them we had a reservation, they said they were sorry and they were closing at 9pm that night, we couldn't believe that!!!! they were so rude to us, We asked for an explanation but they said they are too busy and blah blah!!! so, why did they accept our reservation at 8:30 in the first place? damn it!!!! we were soo upset, we didnt have a thanksgiving dinner cause it was too late to find a good restaurant at that time. It sooo frustrating!!!!!! We will never go back to this place that doesn't take care of its customers!!!!
This location is smaller than the others and u enter through the kitchen.  Service was a little slow. Best dishes: +Linguine frutti di mare (mussels, shrimp, clams, calamari) +lasagna +spaghetti w/ meatballs
Smelly while we enter. Not really great as olive garden. Sauce are good in taste but could have dipped better. Many of my friends compared Olive Garden with Buca Di... but i dont think it is right.. or atleast with this being my first visit to Buca di. Its a OK.
It's hard to please my boys. They've got appetites for sure. Buca di Beppo has the right balance of menu choice, quantity, quality and affordability that works for my family. Plus those $10 off $30 (or $10 off $20 in the Stanford Unofficial Guide) coupons rock! In our various visits, our favorites so far are the margherita pizza (mmm fresh mozzarella and basil - simply delicious!) and the baked rigatoni (sausage, mozzarella and ricotta baked with a tomato sauce - yum!). We've also had the Supreme pizza, linguine frutti di mare (seafood), calamari appetizer and the spinach mozzarella bread. Those were all good except the spinach mozzarella bread. I just don't think it was that good for $12. Serving size can be confusing - it all depends on how much your party eats. We had calamari, a large pizza and a small pasta, as well as the house bread with balsamic and olive oil - that was enough for the 3 of us plus we brought some home. I think it would be more fun to come with a larger party of people - more choices to share!
Celebrated a small birthday dinner here. I loved the decorations and the general ambiance around the restaurant. Our server was attentive at first, but once we received our food, he was no where to be found. Actually no, he was constantly checking up on the tables around us, but just not with our table. It took someone in our party to shout "excuse me" across the restaurant for him to notice us. Our table shared the Calamari and Bruschetta which was nothing out of the ordinary. The family style portions weren't as big as I was expecting but it wasn't too big of a problem. I tried the Shrimp Fra Diavolo and the Prosciutto Stuffed Chicken. The shrimp pasta was spicier than I expected, but good nonetheless. The highlight of the meal was the prosciutto stuffed chicken. The chicken was cooked perfectly and had so much flavor to it. I would definitely come back and just order that. I also tried a friend's pasta dish, but did not find anything memorable about it. The restaurant gave us a free birthday brownie because we were there to celebrate a birthday. Calamari - 3 stars Bruschetta - 3 stars Shrimp Fra Diavolo - 4 stars Prosciutto Stuffed Chicken - 5 stars Service - 2 stars Overall - 3.5 stars
I came to this Buca for a friend's rehearsal dinner. I'd had quite a time finding parking in the area, and thankfully I was offered some red wine once seated at the table, and that helped take the edge off my nerves. In any case, the servers seemed very attentive, happy to bring out more salads, bread, and further carafes of wine. (Their red wine was quite good, by the way). We enjoyed the following pre-ordered items, served family style: --A salad with olives, red onions, lettuce, etc, all tossed with vinegar--tangy goodness, yum! --A rigatoni with sausage, mozzarella, and a bit of a seasoning kick (also tasty) --Chicken parmesan (nicely moist breaded chicken; good sauce) --Spaghetti with marinara sauce (also tasty and not too sweet) --Cannoli drizzled with chocolate sauce (good, but not as good as Grandma's) I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food. The Buca I'd previously visited in San Jo had served up good salad, but their spaghetti sauce was far too sweet. This one provided the right balance of flavors and plenty of food for our generously sized party. I left very happy.
I went last night to Buca di Beppo and normally I am not a fan of them but the food was pretty good last night.  The service on the other hand was terrible.  I don't even think it was the waiters fault, he was trying but some how either the training wasn't there or he was just having a terrible day.  They didn't come to get our drinks for 20 minutes, didn't bring bread after asking 3 times, didn't take our order for another 20 minutes after, we asked for crushed red pepper and that took until 3/4 of our meal was done.  Then he spilled water on my mom, obviously by accident but I wasn't even upset about that because things happen and he apologized multiple times.  The manager didn't even offer to take off a meal or give a free dessert.  Then it took another 30 minutes for them to get us the bill.
This place fills a niche, that niche being: feed a lot of people conveniently. Is it great Italian food? No.  Maybe marginally better than Olive Garden.  Why?: *Lasagne was so mushy and soggy *All the sauces taste the same and aren't that flavorful *Salad was drenched in dressing *Focus on quantity over quality The ambiance was tacky and overdressed, like the salad, but vaguely charming in that. ....But it's a chain, so I wasn't surprised.  It's aimed at feeding lots of people in a family style manner and does so effectively, but not terribly cheaply.  Service was good until we needed to pay the bill. 3 1/2 stars for Bucca di Beppo-- it does what it does in an okay manner.
Came here Saturday night for a friends bday party. I hadn't been to a Buca's for a long time since all remembered about this place was they jhad huge portions and the food was just mediocre. Well this time I was pleasantly surprised with the food but felt that the service was really lacking- hence the 3 stars.  Our group was huge, so five of us decided d family style and also our own tab. Five of us ordered 2 small entrees and 1 small appetizer-- it was just the perfect amount of food (3 boys and 2 girls eating). Calamari was really good- nit heavily breaded and quite fresh-- however they delivered our portion to another table so it ended up coming with the rest of our food-- totally defeated the whole appetizer idea. Our spicy chicken rigatoni was a big hit-- delicious with an extra kick of spiciness. The ravioli with meat sauce was also good but it came out warm-- which meant it got cold quick! Eating cold pasta is not fun. Our bill for 5 came out to be $12 a person-- def worth it. But they really need to work on service-- we also had to ask numerous of times  to get our water refilled.
LOVE the food and atmosphere in buca.
My sister loves Buca di Beppo and is always raving about this place. After coming here on my sister's recommendation, I didn't like it at all. It's your average Italian chain food restaurant. The food here is mediocre at best. We started out with the Buca trio platter which came with fried Calamari, fried mozzarella and stuffed mushrooms served with marinara and pesto cream sauce for dipping. Which I enjoyed, but come on now, how can you go wrong with anything deep fried? For our entree we ordered the gnocchi al telefono and lasagna. The gnocchi was tossed with fresh mozzarella, in a roasted garlic marinara with a touch of cream. I usually love gnocchi and it's one of those dishes I order every time if it's on the menu. But the gnocchi was inedible here. The gnocchi had this weird taste, actually it had no taste. It was hard and had this weird texture where I felt as if I was eating rubber. After a few bites, my mouth was tired of chewing and I couldn't take the flavorless rubber anymore. The lasagna was meh, I've had better. I hated the fact that it was brought out to us cold. I rather have one of those Stouffer's lasagna any day.
Chain restaurant. This place used to be amazing considering it was a chain, but over the years the quality has seemed to diminish. If you've never been here before this Italian Restaurant is "family style" and the kitchen is in the front to give it a more home-y feeling. What I don't like about this place however, is the cluttered photo frames. I know it's Italian style but it gives me claustrophobia. Two dishes that I enjoy are the Apple Gorgonzola Salad and the Penne Basilica.
This isn't a place we normally frequent, but we had a coupon for $10 off $20 or more, so we decided to come by tonight.  Even though we showed up around 8:15, we still had to wait for about 30 minutes before getting seated.  I've never seen it not packed, so definitely make a reservation if you can. They're well known for their large portions, and they claim a small serves 3 and a large serves 6.  I'd say it's a little less than that, maybe a small serves 2 and a large serves 4?  I guess it depends on how hungry you are.   It's still a reasonably good deal with most small pastas priced under $20, and small entrees priced in the $20-$25 range. Decent, big loaf of soft bread to start the meal, although I wish they'd leave the olive oil at your table instead of just pouring a few spoonfuls onto a plate...its not enough olive oil if you plan on eating the whole loaf of bread.  We split a small veal parm, and between the bread and the fact that we were not hungry to start with (I pregamed with some Haagen-Dazs), we brought one of the 3 decent-sized pieces of meat home.  If we'd been hungrier, I think we could have finished it between the two of us.  I was actually quite surprised at how tasty it was, and I recommend it over their pasta dishes, which have always been only ok to me.   I did wish it came with a side of plain pasta or potatoes or something other than just slabs of meat. Service was friendly but very slow. With the coupon it came to about $8 each, including tip & tax.  Definitely a great deal!  I don't know that I'd be in a rush to come back here without a coupon or a group.   I do really recommend the veal parm.
Buca is the best ever! love it there so much, i have been there so many times last year to dine-in or for take-out and everything is always delicious. They are really busy some times so try to make reso's. So much great food to chose from and i love celebrating birthday's there =) Walk through the kitchen so u see all the food before u eat it =D Great drinks and tv at the bar!
I used to dislike Bucca because of the average quality Italian food, but I must admit it's a good option for huge parties for both quantity of food and affordability with birthdays or gatherings. My friend had his birthday here and we had 25 people and everyone paid only $15 after tip and tax and with food leftover. We ordered the basics: Spaghetti with meatballs (2 family platters) Chicken marsala (best dish here, topped with proscuitto [bacon]) Margherita pizza (average, thin crust veggie pizza) Fettucinne Chicken pasta with artichoke (a great dish with lots of flavors and white wine cream) I upgraded my review to 3.5 star based on the price and ambience alone.
I love the chicken carbonara. Service is not always great, and for the past couple times my friends and I have been getting the same inattentive waiter. I also don't like how there are so many things on the table. Either get smaller condiments or taller/skinny bowls or get bigger tables! Kthx. I still come back, though...
Buca is probably the best Italian food Ive been.  The service is amazing, as well as the food.  The only thing bad about it is the seating it cramp. Pros: There the only place I know around the bay area (Italian restaurants) that have Chocolate Chip Cannoli!!!!! The food that Ive tried: Fried Calamari,  Cheese Manicotti, Baked Ravioli, and Fettuccine Alfredo is amazing. Great service. Good for big parties. Nice atmosphere. Cons: Seating is too closed to eachother.
Simple review - good for large groups, good for families, else avoid. Trust me, it is that simple. Quality is not great, much better Italian options within walking distance of this place, they give coupons in the mail often which is great. But very much middle of the road.
We just hosted a party for 25 people last night and decided that this year we would have the meal catered.  It was a GREAT idea!  Not only did we get to enjoy our guests, we have a wonderful meal! We ordered 3 dishes- the spaghetti in meat sauce, the cheese cannelloni and the chicken marsala and everything was excellent.  We had people going back for seconds and thirds!!   Of course, today the hubby and I have leftovers for lunch and dinner- will probably have a few more meals from it this week.  I'd rather have too much than not enough! They were early- we had requested a 715pm delivery and they were there at 7pm, which was a nice surprise.  They deliver with everything you could possibly need:  plates, utensils, napkins, Parmesan cheese, red peppers, LOTS of sliced bread along with pats of butter!   I didn't know we would get the bread also- so I had rolls that I already had out for our guests- but nice to know for future parties.  Literally, just had to toss a salad and we were good to go! We will definitely do this again next year- total cost was about $300 plus gratuity and well worth it!    Each dish is estimated to feed 20 people, so I did want my guests to have choices and enough to eat.  I also noticed that our guests barely touched the appetizers we had- I think they were all holding out for the yummy meal that was to be delivered!   Next year, cutting back more on the appetizers...entertaining is always an art form constantly needing perfection!
Allright, first a word of warning, I'm doing this from the perspective of a young 20-something college grad who is working in the South Bay. So take it from that perspective. Basic way to describe this place: FANCY OLIVE GARDEN. There are families and teenagers all over the damn place being loud, annoying, and just a bother. The little tissue / paper thing on the bottom had silly advertisements and talked about how soccer moms and jocks love this place. The place though is large, it has excellent seating and lots of room for even the largest of groups, so if you have a giant group, this is the place. They even have family style portions meant for these large groups. The waiter was timely and awesome, never missed a beat, sometimes we had to wait but when I realized he was managing at least 4-5 of these giant tables, pretty reasonably fast in terms of service. Of the food Prosciutto Stuffed Chicken - 5 stars, this stuff is delicious, the sauce is even better) Spaghetti and Meatballs - 3 stars, Spaghetti is ok, Meatballs sucks, tasted horrible. Linguini - 4 stars, decent I've had a lot better. Nothing I could spot that was wrong with it but it just wasn't OMG delicious. Spicy Kalamari - 2 stars, not spicy and very oily. The bread was a bit too much and not enough kalamari.
PRO: -on a weeknight, we  got very attentive service. friendly staff -food arrived quickly -soft bread; delicious mixed greens salad; yummy spaghetti with meat sauce -enough leftover food for a midnight snack or tomorrow's lunch -soda was tasty, not flat. apparently, the house beer and house wine were decently good as well (but thats pretty subjective anyways..) -obviously, this is a chain restaurant, but this is pretty irrelevant to me. as long as the food tastes good and not too fattening overall. CON: -well, for 2 people, it was about $40 (2 drinks, 1 salad, 1 pasta). not a cheap eat restaurant, but at least there's enough leftover food for an additional meal. *it would be nice to try the garlic bread next time... i don't know if its any good. we don't come here often, but if i'm in the neighborhood, i'll definitely think of this place first! also, i wouldn't mind having a private event here too! probably a birthday dinner or something. :)
BEST LUNCH EVER! Unfortantely we never get the chance to go for dinner but my friends I love coming here for lunch. Everytime we go we have the same order and we come every 2 weeks or so. The service has always been superb everytime at this specific location. The servers, the runners, the host, the guy hiding in the take out (make out) booth are all welcoming with their own sense of character. The penne arrabiata and the oven roasted salmon has become my personal favs. The oven roasted salmon comes with veggies that are extremely yummy (as I have stated in other reviews, I'm not a fan of veggies but this was definately an exception). It's a perfect portion for anyone looking out in their diet. Bring your family and friends here for a dinner night out. Rarely will I give chain restaurants 5 stars but this bucca has me making an exception. Note that besides the lunch menu, everything else (including desserts) are served family style.
It's always fun to go to Buca di Beppo with a group of friends to share and try out new dishes. Only issue is that the service is usually a bit on the slow side. My servers have almost always been spotty and difficult to flag down. Other than that, they server delicious, family-style Italian food. You should definitely try it if you haven't before!
Good alternative to stuffy Italian places. From what I can tell this location is no better or worse than any other Bucca I've been to. Killer caesar salads and gnocchi.
This is the first time that i have ever gave a bad review :( the food was good. we all enjoyed the food but the service sucked really bad. we went for my son's b day dinner a total of 8 of us i had made reservations. we arrived on time they made us wait then escorted us to a table only to say we were the wrong party and made us wait some more. when we were seated they seated us at the same table they took us to the first time. the waiter was in a rush rush mode and we had to flag him down everytime we seen him he would say "yes, ok" and rush off, the place wasnt even busy. At one point in time my dad actually had to tell him wait a minute we need you and you arent going to leave until we get everything we need. after all that when the bill came we ended up having to give him a $32 tip because we were a party of 8. :(
Came here for an office party. Its your run of the mill chain restaurant. The food is good, the drinks are strong, and the dessert is delicious. Why the 3 stars then? Well, the portions are huge, and when we asked the waiter if what we ordered was enough, he suggested doubling the order sizes. We ended up with enough food to feed half of us another complete meal! It was unnecessary inflation of the bill by the waiter - we were already 20+ people ordering a lot of food and drink!
Speaking from many great experiences at this restaurant, I'd say the three-star average rating is too low. Loud, festive, HUGE portions...this place is perfect for large groups or gluttonous individuals. After an evil male had ripped out and stomped on my heart, my mom treated me to dinner here hoping to cheer me up. She couldn't have picked a better place, as the large servings are perfect for my disgusting emotional eating habit. In addition to devouring a huge hunk of complimentary bread (not very good), I voraciously tore into a fragrant Margherita pizza and a "small" (actually humongous) bowl of Penne San Remo with sundried tomatoes, artichoke hearts and extremely tender chicken breast pieces. My mom, sister and I were able to polish off the pizza but had to take most of the pasta dish home, where my pig face binged on the leftovers for every single meal the following day. The food was delicious, fattening, and temporarily filled a void in Suany Fat Pants' life. I need to eat here every day.
What's worse than bad, bland, oily and nasty food...in ENORMOUS portions? Overcooked, tasteless pasta. Oily, tasteless salad. Again, in ENORMOUS portions. I call this the Italian version of Miyake: it's only worth going when you're throwing a party where food is totally secondary.
Tracy, Steven and I were being tourist around Palo Alto since we went to Sprinkles to eat some cupcakes! I wish we had went to the place we originally were gonna go to instead of Bucca but Ms. Tracy wanted to go Bucca! I never really like bucca since it's not even good. Sat down and we ordered. a LRG half spicy sausage and mushroom and the other half pizza angelo, small portion of fettucinni supremo, and LRG order of calamari.. Calarmari came out and it "looked" good and crispy but then once you put it in your mouth, it's soggy! Tasted like it had been fried and left out on the counter for hours! Not even re-fried again! No bueno! Then the pizza came. So big!! for three people who has an order of pasta coming? That's a whole shit load of foood! The pizza was not bad.. At least the sausage one.. The other one just didn't taste right. The pasta came and their small is like two smalls from somewhere else. The pasta? Tasted really weird. Had this bad white sauce taste to it.. I only took one bite and didn't wanna eat it anymore. I would say it was pretty damn expensive! $22 each and I only had one slice of pizza, a bite of the other piece, and a bite of pasta with maybe 8 calamaris?? Service could of used a smile or even three?
Ziti is bland, lasangna first two bites good, after its starts to become bland too. Calamari is great but skimpy on portions. Overall, they have cheap no taste pasta probably bought it bulk somewhere no quality at all, a good sauce is not going to hide it. Stuffing us with cheap bulk pasta is not gonna work, give us the good stuff even if its expensive well be back. Calamari was great but very very skimpy, for $23 i will not pay for it again. Desert not good neither tiramisu is mediocre. If you look around the area most of the restaurants are full and this place should be full too but its' not. Hmm i wonder why.. Ceiling too low if you're clostrophobic dont go there. I dont mind paying alot for italian but please give us some quality food. And dont skimp on the good stuff thats what people come back for. I think 2 stars maybe too much for this place. But i might be wrong some people like it, ive had better.
SOGGY!!!! yes, that is the first thing that comes to mind when I think of this Bucca Di Beppo, but perhaps that is just this particular one? Juliane, Tracy, and I decided to start off with the fried calamari for an appetizer. Too bad I ordered the large portion because it was the soggiest calamari I have ever eaten. The calamari did look good and crispy, but it goes without saying that looks can be deceiving. For our main course we ordered a large pizza and a small sized plate of pasta. The pizza was so-so with half of it being spicy sausage and mushroom and the other half an alfredo chicken. Take the pizza review with a grain of salt since I am biased towards chicago deep dish vs. thin crust pizzas. Afterwards, the fettucini supremo was drenched in alfredo sauce with a few slices of red pepper and chicken thrown in for good measure. Definitely a bit too creamy even for me, but if you like that than you'll love it. I'm with Juliane on this one... should have went with our original plan. It was bad enough eating at a chain restaurant *cough* Tracy *cough* but how we were supposed to know the meal would be a disappointment? Maybe the empty seats were a sign that we didn't comprehend at the time.
I've always had a good time here! Good food, great friends, PHAT (yes, I'm bringing that word back) portions! Their drinks are on the weak side, so I suggest going to the BAR for your drinks.. then again, that's most restaurants. If you get there at dinner time and have no reservation, be prepared to wait. RESERVATIONS FTW! And I'm serious. Call ahead of time and make it happen. Writing this review makes me miss it. I need to go again. Who's down!!!!!!!!!!!
As Beldar would say "consume mass quantities."  Nothing new to add about the quantities of food served at this and all locations of BDB.  Come here after 6PM on a weekend night, expect a long wait, even if you have reservations.  Since we were ready for dinner at 5PM on a Saturday, we decided to drop in.  Waited at the front desk for a few minutes, until someone showed up and seated us. Ordered a small Arrabbiata pizza, small chicken saltimbocca, a side of broccoli romano, a kid's order of spaghetti and large meatball, and a kid's order of fettuccine alfredo for the 4 of us.  Pizza came out fresh out of the oven, with strips of pepperoni and sausage.  Very tasty.  Chicken saltimbocca was also came out hot, but was too salty.  Broccoli was fresh, and was not drowned out by the garlic.  Kids' entrees were pretty large.  Both were tasty as and the kids finished most of their orders.  Couldn't finish, so we took the rest home (wanted to save some room for dessert, someplace outside). Overall, an OK place.  If the wait is too long for a seat, I would just as well look for another place along University Ave.
Went here a couple of weeks ago for my sis-in-law's birthday. Downtown Palo Alto is a happening place on a Saturday night! There were people all over the place. The restaurant was very crowded and loud. Which was not necessarily off-putting because people were having a good time. We did our share of noise making as we were a party of 12. It's a fun restaurant decorated with all kinds of great photographs. My brother did the ordering, family-style. Some kind of apple salad with walnuts and cheese. Very nice. Chicken Saltimboca. Little bit dry but still had good flavor. Baked ziti. I didn't have but the bowl was practically licked clean by the end of the meal. Garlic cheese bread. Also abstained but looked and smelled wonderful. Service was okay, especially for our large group. Nothing spectacular. I'd say this place is good for groups but not so much a romantic destination. Reasonably priced too. Oh, I almost forgot. I ordered dessert to-go for the bf. Tiramasu, he said it was okay. Again not too memorable.
Family style Italian eats for large groups where you can get loud that's open late and won't break your budget! That's why I chose this place when given the task of finding a restaurant after my brother's high school graduation for a party of 10 at around 9pm with a budget of about $100. There aren't a lot of options that can fill this niche but this chain does. If you haven't been here yet, their lemon chicken is actually pretty tasty.
First of all, SO much better than Frankie Jonny and Luigis in Mountain View near my old apartment. I have gotten take out here before (large quattro pasta dish) and dined here last night. The quattro dish was pretty good although it was too much cheese for me. The stuffed shells with meat were kinda gritty due to the ground meat and whole fennel seeds. Last night we split the small chicken parm which I really liked. The chicken was juicy and the breading was pretty good and crispy on the edges.  However as this dish doesnt come with anything, we ordered a small side of pasta and marinara. The pasta wasnt very good and the watery marinara didnt add much. The huge bowl of pasta cost us $10 and we didnt even eat half of it, but since it wasnt very good, didnt even take it home. Next time, I would just order a side of veggies of some sort.
You go to Buca di Beppo for a few reasons: 1. You like meatballs the size of Grapefruit. 2. You have this weird re-occurring dream about massive plates of spaghetti. 3. You have to feed a large party inexpensively and have had it with the hats and balloons at Chevy's. 4. You think Sophia Loren is really hot. I am a big Italian eater, I grew up in Providence, Rhode Island which is 1/3 Italian, and I like Buca. There is nothing fancy, sophisticated, or subtle here. This is all about eating basic Italian food.  And a lot of it. The single biggest challenge at Buca is not ordering too much. It is par for the course to walk out with a lot of doggy bags. Aside from the typical red sauces, meatballs and sausages which are good, there is a Veal Limone with escarole, white beans, and lemon which is very good. There are other more creative dishes like Chicken Saltimbocca which Buca pulls off. I can't give the place 4 stars because even with reservations you generally wait, and service is variable. They do serve hard liquor which is wonderful because a martini and a meatball is a match Made in Heaven. At least in my mind.
Lunch review only. Today my work lunch-buddies and I went to one of the restaurants on our short list.  To qualify, the restaurant has to meet several conditions.  It has to be inexpensive.  It has to have good value.  Walking out feeling feeling full is a requirement.  The food has to taste good.  And the service has to be pretty fast. Buca di Beppo meets most of these requirements.  Today they had a new menu with some new items.  The prices have gone up a little.  However, lunch now includes a basket of their delicious garlic cheese bread and at the end, little gelato cones. Two of us had the soup and salad combo for $6.99.  Today's soup was a spicy Italian Wedding soup with chicken, sausage, egg drops, and little pasta balls.  The small Caesar salad was good too.  From other times I've been here, my favorite lunch item is the penne arrabbiata, pasta with sausage and a spicy marinara sauce. Clicking off our group's lunch requirements: Cheap:  Yes. Value:  Yes. Tasty:  Yes. Fast service:  Woops. I'm not sure why service was slow today.  We were one of the first ones there at 11:45 AM.  The waitress was reasonably prompt (and friendly).  Apparently the kitchen was slow, taking more than 30 minutes from the time items were ordered until they were brought out.  Although service is never really fast here, this was slower than normal causing the lunch to take more than an hour.  This is not a place to go if you want lunch fast but otherwise it is very good.
Fact: Being assigned the task of planning a rehearsal dinner for 40 people sucks. Fact: Finding a venue with a private room that seats more than 30 without being forced to buy out the entire restaurant is harder than you'd think. Fact: Trying to do all this in the midst of the holiday season is also pretty crappy. Fact: When I bit the bullet and called Bucca Di Beppo, I was not feeling proud of myself. A CHAIN RESTAURANT? FOR MY BABY BROTHER'S REHEARSAL DINNER? NOOOOOOOOOO! Except as it turns out, Bucca Di Beppo could not possibly have been easier to work with, the event went off without a hitch (thanks to Kelli and team's ability to accomodate last minute increases to our headcount), there was tons of food, the service was great and my brother was happy. TA-DA! And just so you know: When you walk in and you freak out because OMG YOU JUST ACCIDENTALLY WALKED INTO THE KITCHEN you shouldn't worry because that *is* actually the entrance. There's a sign that says "ENTRANCE," but I still panicked.
We've all been to a Buca Di Beppo...admit it.  Sure it's an Italian chain joint, but does that mean it can't be lauded and praised? Big portions of food, loud decorations, even louder atmosphere; all good ways to describe Buca.  But the one thing that stands out for me, consistently, is the big portions of food!  Really really good food. I love pasta and Italian food, and for me they do it right.  I'm a fan of their stuffed shells, but recently we ordered the Spicy Chicken Rigatoni.  When they say spicy, they mean spicy.  There is a surprising level of heat and that's what I like about Buca.  Some places throw out the word spicy, but dumb it down to the masses.  Buca packs some scoville units for sure!  The Chicken Parmigiana was rockin' too, nice and crispy and the molten mozzarella on top set it off. The waiters here are so-so; I've had excellent to abhorrent service in the few times I've eaten at Buca.  This last time, our waiter Josh was quite competent and attentive. So I never leave hungry here, and the food delights me to no end.  Not too shabby, eh?  I know it's not everyone's bowl of fettuccine, but to me Buca is belissimo!
It was my buddy's bday on a Saturday night.  20 of us walked (confusingly) through what seemed to be a kitchen in the front of the restaurant to the dining area.  I think there were about 5 other birthday parties that night.  It was really crowded, but in a good dinner at grandma's kinda way. The waiter was really good and didn't keep us waiting long. The portions are huge.  The pizza came out first and was ok, super thin.  Then the chicken penne came out next.  This was my favorite of the night as I am a fan of saucy pasta.  Lastly, the spaghetti and meatballs.  How can an italian restaurant get this wrong?  It was really low on sauce.  We asked for extra marina sauce which helped.  I actually think it was better as leftovers than fresh. Service 4.5 stars Food 3.5 stars Portion size 5
Buca is a chain. Their claim to fame is "Family style" Italian-American home cooking. What that translates to is large portions, and a loud atmosphere in the restaurant. If you want that, it's not so bad. The prices are decent for what you get, especially given the large portions. Order one appetizer, and one entree for two folks and you're good. Throw in some wine and BADA BING! You've got a meal. I want to give this place 4 stars, because it is fun. It's very kitschy. But I can't do that because Buca appears to be suffering a rash of bad staff. Our waiter changed three times over the course of an hour and a half meal (meaning, the person, not their attire), forgot to bring us bread, and was a little lax about taking orders after he had the appetizer course entered. What's that all about? He was also all about pushing wine on me (which, I admit, I did not fight), and this was a little unsettling.
Come here if you are with a big group of friends who want a place to laugh and talk and are not super critical about food. The super sized platters of salads, pasta, etc are really conducive to sharing. And I mean super sized platters. The "small" salad could easily feed 4. Order a few appetizers, salads, pastas, entrees and desserts and you will be rolling out of here satisfied. I love the atmosphere - you enter the restaurant by walking through the kitchen. As we walked by, the kitchen staff yelled out their welcome. That felt good and homey. The inside of the restaurant was warm and casual with lots of wood, pictures on the wall, colored lights, etc. We had a good time just trying to guess who was on the pictures. Don't come here if you were expecting a quiet romantic meal :)  or if you are super critical about quality.
Came here for a friends bday. I think there were 20 or so of us and we got 4 different large dishes, 2 of each. We had the spaghetti & meatballs (which we had to douse with the extra marinara we asked for, and loads of red pepper flakes to make it flavorful enough to eat...i mean seriously...don't jip us on the marinara!), some penne pasta with chicken & peas dish (that kinda tasted like stir fry...wtf...it was decent...but seriously, wtf?), the margarita pizza, and chicken breast with capers & artichoke...they were just meh. The pizza was my fav out of all of them. Love how the crust is so thin. they gave my friend a brownie for his bday...dunno how good it is coz i was stuffed (it was kinda my 2nd dinner...) I wouldn't really go there for the food. It's good for huge parties + value meals tho
Few places can feed the crowd like Buca can.  For high value, large volume Italian, and heavy on the pasta, Buca di Beppo is a winner.  Great for inexpensive gatherings with friends to celebrate any occasion, Buca has a jovial atmosphere, where cheap (though not necessarily good) wine can be ordered by the carafe, along with a family style serving where everyone shares the enormous dishes. This isn't the best Italian restaurant you will find in PA, but it does offer one of the best values, and is still a fun place to dine.  This restaurant is part of a chain, and other locations are quite similar.  Their formula doesn't vary a whole lot, but that's perfectly fine. Expect leftovers.
This was the perfect place for a large group.  I celebrated my birthday there, and I'd suggest reservations, as with any restaurant if you're going to go with a big group. I think the food is tasty and the lemon drop martini, is one of the best I've had. Especially since I normally don't like them.
I remember there was a time where I would NOT go to Buca Di Beppo because I didn't enjoy the first (and only) time I had gone.. Fast forward a few years and *bam* I got a coupon and my friend chose Buca Di Beppo so I agreed only because we could use the coupon. To make my visit back more sour, my friend was late 23 minutes!! I felt like everyone thought I was being stood-up. The waiter tried to take my order before my friend arrived even though I told him I was waiting.. I'm pretty sure he thought I was lying about "my friend". We ordered the Penne San Remo because we both wanted a white sauce pasta and this one sounded the most appetizing to us. I'm not a huge sun dried tomatoes fan but the ones in this pasta dish weren't too tangy, not too chewy and just the perfect mmph to the dish! Pleasantly surprised :). The chicken was ridiculously tender. How did they do it?! I don't know but I was expecting it to be dried out but much to my enjoyment, each piece was tender and moist! We didn't get too many artichokes but it turned out well since more artichokes might have made the dish too sour. Less is more! Ordered the green beans too which came with a wedge of lemon. We didn't squeeze the lemon wedge on the green beans but after trying a bite, we both thought they were too sour... another lemon wedge had already been squeezed! Thank goodness we didn't squeeze the one that came with the dish or else it would have been unbearably sour. I'll definitely go back for the pasta.. not so much the free bread. MMM big portions not good for the stomach but good for the heart!
Bucca Di Beppo stands for "Joe's Basement" in Italian. I had no idea till I asked when I visited the last time. That explains why there are no windows here. I think this place is great for large groups with very good service and pretty good food. I love the photos they have all over the walls here especially the ones of everyday life in Italy. Note that some of them are pretty riske though, and not just the ones of Raquel Welch. Service has been consistently good, very friendly and attentive without being over bearing. Parking is the only nit but that is true of the entire area.
Love the cheesy bread! Dislike the mojitos. This is a fun family style Italian restaurant, great for big groups. I've been to this location in Palo Alto and to the one in San Francisco - both are very consistent with service and cuisine quality. Just make sure to make a reservation in advance if you can, otherwise you may have to wait more than an hour for a table.
Not too great.  A coworker raved about it, so a bunch of us went.  The food was okay, but nothing that I would rave about or crave later. The highlight of the evening were all the weird photos hung everywhere...all so random.
This is a great place for large groups.  Food is so-so, service is great, price is reasonable and location is awesome if you like downtown PA.  It's a little noisy at peak meal hours. Portions are HUGE and intended to share "family style".  Don't miss their sauteed green beans (the only stand out dish, IMO).  And you may want to plan to walk around downtown Palo Alto after your meal because you WILL overeat!  Impossible not to at this place.
Go there if you: 1. Are less than 18 2. Feel like being less than 18 3. Are more than 18 people
Its ok.  But I remember the food tasting better then it did the other night.  What Happened??  But, the service was 5 stars.  Will I go back? Probably not.  Especially with all the other restaurant choices in the area.
Sept 17, 2010 Came here for dinner after a wedding rehearsal... like 40 people. The restaurant is on a very cute street, with lots of restaurants. The place was great for a very large group, and I thought the food was very good.  And it helped our waitress was a cutie. - Appetizers: calamari was average, mushrooms were disappointing - Garlic bread: with cheese had BIG chunks of garlic, which is good for my tummy, but not good to the girl across from me - Margherita pizza: i had 3 slices - I liked it a lot - Baked ravioli: it's a great portion for family style dining, but I wouldn't say it was outstanding - Chicken pesto: it was good, but nothing to write home about - Chicken Limone: very tender and moist - great flavor! - Celebration cake: it was good, but also nothing to write home about If I'm a "fan," does that mean I'll be back? There are just too many restaurants out there I'd like to try, so I really doubt I'd have the occasion to come back.  But, if I ever needed to entertain a gathering of 15-20+, I'd definitely have this spot on my list of choices.
I like Beppo's way more than Macaroni Grill, but that's because of the tortelloni -- those are actively good, and everything else is pretty meh. We went to this location last night, and ordered the tortelloni, the chicken with lemon, and on impulse since we clearly weren't stuffed enough, the new Chocolate Vesuvio dessert.  The tortelloni and chicken were as they always were (which to me is perfectly acceptable non-gourmet eats), but my advice to you is to avoid the Chocolate Vesuvio. The menu calls it a "Chocolate caramel fudge brownie served with vanilla ice cream and drizzled with chocolate Sambuca sauce, caramel, nuts and whipped cream."  What you get is two triangles of brownie glued together with icky-sweet caramel ice cream topping, stood on end, doused in more caramel topping and chocolate sauce, and flanked by two scoops of uniquely terrible vanilla ice cream.  The ice cream was actually *crunchy* -- it was composed nearly entirely of ice crystals.  I have no idea how they managed to achieve this effect, but wow, it was bad. Insult to injury, the thing cost $13. Avoid this dessert!  Fill up on the tortelloni instead. ETA: I sent a tsk-tsk about the ice cream to the corporate office and received a prompt reply from the central office, then an email from the Palo Alto location's manager offering to send me a gift card to make up for it.  OK, Beppos, you get one of your stars back.
I actually really like Buca's....which is why I actually keep going.  Bc usually I don't really like chain restaurants.  Everything is so predictable and mediocre.  The food at Buca's isnt anything to rave for.  It's pretty basic Italian food at ginormous portions.  It's not really about the quality of the food here, per se, but more about the atmosphere and how this place can accomodate reallly really large groups and you can be really loud here if you want. I came here with my bf's ex-coworkers last night and they were having a holiday dinner.  The reservation for 15 was for 7:30 pm.  No matter.  They gave away the table and we were forced to wait for about an hour and 15 minutes.  Grumpy? Sure. But c'mon.  Can't say I was surprised.  But once we were seated, the food came right away (they ordered in advance.  Smart.)  Their fried calamari is very tasty, but the garlic bread I can do without.  Then came the pasta.  I wasn't too impressed with the alfredo or the corkscrew pasta.  I liked the seafood linguini (I added my own red peppers to give it more kick), the chicken marsala, and the eggplant parmasan.  The spaghetti and meatballs was delightfully filling mainly bc of the giant meatballs.  Chocolate cake was do-it-at-home tasting...which for me, isnt necessarily a good thing because I don't bake cakes. Service was very accomodating and granted they had a couple of hiccups here and there (forgetting our drinks order) but in whole, given that we were a 15 person group, it was friendly and they tried their best.  Can't really complain about that. So, if you're looking for decent Italian food that can accomodate kids and large groups, do come.  If youre looking for romantic, quality, head to SF or my personal favorite, La Trattoria Siciliana in Berkeley.  But I'll keep coming back to Buca's as long as holiday and birthday parties continue to exist.
Warning: Don't believe other reviews on great for groups. They suck on organizing group events. Went there for a rehearsal dinner the other night. OMG. Chaos. Not only did they put the 40+ groups table all over the restaurant they were clearly not organized to handle such a crowd. Waiters were dashing all over the place, no one knew what was going on. A mess. Not to mention that the food was mediocre. I could make better Italian food at home in my microwave. Mass produced bland food. I didn't eat most of what was served. The ramen I made at home later was superior to the food I experienced in the restaurant. I would never reccomend this restaurant.
Knowing that this place was a chain I had avoided it for a long time.  But my date had an awesome coupon and we were headed to downtown Palo Alto.  The entrance is a little plain and not really enticing but inside is that typical Italian feel.  Tons of Italian prints, deep rich colors, red and white checker table tops and all the other fun typical stuff.  It isn't amazing, unique but it felt clean, upkept and comfortable. The host was friendly and quickly we were seated.  Our server was attentive, nice and charming.  He explained the menu and answered our questions.  Throughout our meal he was a great server. I ordered a glass of red wine, fairly cheap and a deep, robust taste.  It went well with the calamari we shared.  The calamari was plentiful, crispy, meaty and overall great.  My dinner ALWAYS orders the calamari, so he knows the good stuff.  We then shared the spaghetti with meatballs.  The meatballs came as two huge ones, they were savory, zesty and great.  The sauce was slightly sweet, the pasta perfectly cooked and overall a great standard dish. It's a chain but it was a great dinner!
There's something strange about entering a restaurant from what looks like the back kitchen area where it seems they should be dropping off deliveries. Nothing was really memorable about this restaurant. I'm a huge fan of Italian food and the decor (which wasn't even great) made more of an impression on me than their food. I don't think the food was bad at all; just average at best. However it's a great place to come with friends as their dishes are all huge family style portions.
It's not the best Italian I've ever had, but obviously good enough for me to keep coming back, and it gets the job done, especially for large groups. I've tried a variety of their dishes-- pasta with and without cheese, chicken, green beans, gnocchi, pizza, salad, and calamari to name a few. I've actually been pretty pleased with just about all the things I got.  My favorite is the lemon chicken & the green beans.  MMM!  The only thing I wasn't pleased with was the calamari; it was soggy, but then again, we got it take out, so maybe it's crisper if you dine in. That being said, GREAT for catering.  Of the handful of catering experiences I've had with them, I've been pretty satisfied.
I've been to Buca Di Beppo in several states, so I was not surprised by what I received at dinner tonight at the Palo Alto location.  Of all the wonderful restaurants in the Bay Area, this would not have been my first choice.  In fact, there are much better Italian restaurants on University Avenue than that served at Buca.  Admittedly, many of those restaurants can not "turn 'em and churn 'em" like this restaurant can.  This restaurant is just made for large family reunions and birthday parties.  In fact, there were 2 birthday parties of groups larger than 10 seated adjacent to our meager group of 4. The food is nothing to write home about.  In fact, much of what we had tonight tasted pretty non-descript: Bruschetta, Chicken Cannelloni and Veal Limone.  Plus, I was completely flabbergasted when the waitress said that they had run out of Lasagne. The dessert sampler platter was HUGE.  Yet, I was left with the same unsettling feeling of ambivalence regarding the taste.   There just was nothing to draw me in, with exception that the portions were ginormous (if that is even a word). Okay, so the food wasn't a surprise for me.  What was a surprise was that  upon entry, guests are forced to walk right through the kitchen.  Uhmmm...not cool.  Oh and I kept thinking what would ever happen in the case of a fire.   In the case of an emergency, the passageway and the entryway are way too narrow to herd distraught people through!
17 of us.  5 of which were little tykes.  (no, I wasn't one of them!) To start, we had the fried calamari.  It was nice and tender, not at all rubbery but I wished that the batter stuck to the pieces.  Also some mentioned that it was a tad spicy. Then it was the Cesar salad.  Comes with anchovies and lemon wedges.  I really dig the lemon wedges. For din-din, we had the gnocchi (bland), macaroni rosa (why am I always dining w/ people who always order this?  Is it because it comes with broccoli?), chicken parmigiana (too full to eat except for a couple of bites), pepperoni pizza (super SUPER greasy; had to be blotted with with a napkin), porchetta rustica (it's a blueberry sauce; still too full to eat except for a few bites - eh.  Dry) and green beans (also served with lemon - YUM!). We finished with the tiramisu.  I've made this before, and I liked mine better.  Oh well.  Only had a couple of bites because I was just too full...  Hmmm...  sense the pattern?? We were stuffed.  Poor little J got a touch of heart burn and she's only 5!  Poor thing!  (She really should have laid off on the pepperoni!)  I wanted to unbutton my pants but I didn't want to scare the kids.
"I have read the reviews that others have written, stating that it's a great place for groups. I on the otherhand, had the WORST experience ever with a large group of 23 people. First of all when we arrived we had to wait for 30 minutes to be seated. And with a group as large as ours, we took up the entire 8 foot long bar area and then some. If I wanted a reservation for 7:30pm, I would have made it for just that. Next, we get seated. AT TWO DIFFERENT TABLES! Again, if I had wanted to be separate from my entire group, I would have made 4 separate reservations for 5 (=20 ppl). Who does that!? What idiot decided that it was appropriate? I should have known when I called them earlier in the day to make a change to my menu and they asked me to call them back in an hour, that it was going to be a prelude to how our night and service was going to turn out. Now that my party is totally separate from one another, we proceed to eat. The food was good (what we recieved of it), I will give them that, but why were THREE main items left off my menu? Including dessert!?!! And if all of this wasn't enough, we asked for coffee and when we got it, it was cold. Yes folks, after they totally ruined our evening, they ended it with cold coffee. At the end of it all, our waitress cried and they took $600 off our bill. I thought it was the least they could do considering they totally ruined our company holiday dinner. I will never recommend this restaurant. Not even to someone I hate."
First of all you have to find  parking on the street and make sure you get there early! It gets hella packed in the evenings and you could be waiting for a while. The reason you its worth it : The wait staff are friendly and they get you what you need promptly. Family style portions and its Italian food. It's a great place to eat with a bunch of friends and at a reasonable price.
My gosh!  Can't believe that my first review of the new year and it's for a chain restaurant such as Buca.  Haha, then again, totally my own fault for not staying on top of things since Dec.  :P So this is why Buca gets a 3 star from me...here goes, we came here w/ a HUGE party (i only would come here w/ groups...never by choice) so let's start w/ the PROS for the night were: - flexible accommodation for large parties (we reserved a table for 18, but they were willing to add more seats and also "save" another nearby table for us since our party became larger than expected) - inexpensive (each person paid $15 - we got appetizers, salads, pizzas and multiple entrees AND we still have boxes of leftovers...) - yes to splitting checks (our waitress actually OFFERED to split our checks according to the number of people we had...that's pretty ridiculous...we didn't end up doing that because that's so much work for her and we could just divide it among ourselves BUT nice that she offered) CONS of the night: - waitress asked us to order TOO MUCH food...(this always happens at Buca, whenever anyone ask them if it's "enough" they'll always say it's not, bottom line is don't trust them and stick to your guns!  you know best about the amount of food you and your party can eat, we happened to be a big group of Asian folks who eat but definitely not nearly as much as she was suggesting) - prepare to feel bloated afterwards (the food is ridiculously heavy!  not sure if they put butter and heavy creme in everything...BUT yes, I did not feel well after eating just small portions of the meal...) - lack of authenticity (if you're looking for REAL Italian food, DO NOT, I repeat DO NOT come here, it's not really Italian food...) Btw, If you must come here, check out the Pizza Angelo, that's the only thing I would get if I come back again.  :)  That's all folks!
This place is great for going to dinner with large groups and so glad that Palo Alto has a location. :) I've gone here for many birthday dinners and I have yet to find a complaint about the place. The food is always delicious, including the complimentary bread they serve you and the dessert menu is fantastic (tiramisu, yes please!). The service is also great and I am in love with their birthday cheer that the servers give their customers who are celebrating. Even the hostesses are generally super helpful and  glad to make things work in order for your party to have the best experience at their restaurant. Only cons: Getting food comas and eating too many calories!
Not the type of Italian food you'd write home about but a good place to go with a large party. Pastas are heavy on cheese and tomato sauce, meatballs are the size of softballs, and pizzas are about average. The garlic bread, however, is delicious and made infinitely better by the optional mozarella. I go to Buca not for the food but because I can haul ten of my friends in, be loud, and get no stares from the staff or other customers.
I have been to this location with both small groups and large groups. It definitely suits a big crowd with its family style dishes and large portions. I like the Chicken Marsala dish here. We came here for lunch on a weekday. The rest of our party had just arrived as well and was already seated, so there wasn't much of a wait. We ordered items off the lunch menu, which had dishes that were just enough for one person. I got the Fettuccine Supremo which has chicken, broccoli, red bell peppers and egg fettucine in Alfredo sauce. It was delicious and I ate all of it! Other dishes I got to sample were: chicken Saltimbocca, penne san remo, and the chicken parmigiana. They were yummy as well. They have french bread with olive oil and balsamic vinegar for you to snack on while you decide what to order. Service was friendly and prompt, and the prices are reasonable too. Come here if you want italian and need to feed a large group!
I was worried when I saw the red/white checker tablecloth when I got into the place. Reminds me more of an Italian restaurant in Madison WI (in the 80's) than any place I have been to in Italy. Fake murals, plastic grapes on the wall, photo of old time things, cute statues of cupid and whatnots. I don't remember seeing anything like this in Italy. But I have not been to every place in Italy either. The place was packed on a Sunday night. Noisy, cramped, and incompetent staffs. We sat down at the bar to wait for our party, the bar tender acted like he is doing us a favor to bring us two glasses of wine. We sat down at the dinner table, the waitress kept messing up things. Now the food. If you like huge portions, this is the place to be. If you want good food, this is not the place to be. We ordered fried seafood combo for appetizers. The calamari was over done, and the shrimp was still raw inside. Didn't know we were going to Japaness. We called the waitress over, she offered to take the shrimp back and cook it more. How thoughtful of her... The entre came, the food was sort of like a fusion between Betty Crooker and your grand mom would cook up in the 60's and 70's. Salty, lots of cheese and cream, and the pasta was definitely not fresh either. Was going to give it a no star. Apparently you cann't do that. So a reluctant one star
I had to think about what to rate them here.  There's definitely very good and very bad. GOOD: I don't know anywhere else where you can feed the # people for the price.  I fed 45 people for $283, all included.  The food tastes pretty good - you can't really beat that.  Also, when I picked up my order and they took 30 minutes to get it together, the manager gave me free Tiramisu when I told him I no longer had time to hit Safeway. BAD:  I showed up freakin' ten minutes late, so it'd be ready to pull out the door, and they hadn't started making it!!  So don't count on them in a crunch.  And while the food is good, it's kind of salty, and, I think, not that authentic.
Fun family style atmosphere, though the food is lacking in flavor.  Good if you have a raucus big group because the set up is conducive to making a lot of noise and not really bothering other patrons.   I was brought here for my surprise birthday party and we were fine being relatively as loud as we wanted in a group of 12 ish. I remember good garlic bread.
I have never had a bad time or bad food at Buca.  Everything on the menu is delicious.  The crazy pictures all over the wall make this place so memorable, along with the HUUUGE plates of food. All of the items on the menu are ordered for groups of people (2 and up).  I don't know a person who doesn't like Buca di Beppo. If you want great Italian food, go to Buca!
I prefer to get take-out from Buca because I hate waiting for a table in their crowded kitchen aisleway doubled as the lobby or out on the street.  We got a complete meal to go for about $70, which includes salad, pizza, pasta dish, chicken entree dish, and tiramisu.  It served 4 adults, 3 kids and enough for leftovers. Bottom line:  If you join their eClub, they will email you special offers such as free appetizer or $10 off coupon for spending more than $30.
Went to a friend's moving-away dinner party on a Satuday night. There were a total of 11 of us. We checked in and ordered a drink at the bar  The rest of the party started to arrive and also ordered drinks. About 15 minutes after checking in, we were seated. It can be a quick wait or as long as 25+ minutes if the large party ahead of you lingers after paying the bill. This is a great place for large gatherings and eating family style. Portions are large (and really heavy). The full bar and wine listing is decent. It's definitely loud,seating is tight and the food just ok. Our waitstaff Michelle checked on us often, which is a plus considering large parties all around us. Note: Make sure to call ahead for reservations. Take a look at the online menu and get familiar because ordering can take a long time with lots of people and lots to choose from. Get there early because street parking is shared with several other restaurant and bars. Overall - a fun restaurant to gather lots of people in one place and have a bite to eat.
I LOVE Buca! I love the fact that they take you through the kitchen to get to your table, feels like a scene out of "Goodfellas". This place typically gets pretty crowded, but as long as you make a reservatoin it shouldn't be too long of a wait. They're pretty well organized and they specialize in large parties. The service there is always top notch. They treat you like family, they're friendly and inviting. They laugh and joke and make us feel like we're in for a good time. I've came her on numerous occasions and never once felt any annoyance towards the staff. Ok maybe once or twice because I'm impatient and/or hungry, but that place is packed, so its expected. The food is always delicious, their sauces are YUM! My favorite current dish is the Shrimp Fra Diavolo. Penne pasta w/ large shrimp in a spicy tomato sauce. YUM. Their pestos and alfredos are devine too! The chicken marsala is ok, but that might be me not liking that particular dish at all. The meatballs are gigantic and flavorful. The sides of galic mashed potatos, and green beans are a delight! And its such a great deal and portion for large parties. Of course, everytime I go, its either our parties or someone else's bday. You can't help but get swept up in the singing and the atomsphere! I always have a great time here!
Three words that best describe this restaurant: Quantity over quality. Family style restaurant, ...it's great for big groups especially if your group tends to eat alot..The food is ok, nothing special although the lemon chicken and pesto salmon were fairly descent. Service was good.
What you come to Beppo's for is the decor.  A rambling restaurant with many rooms and walls overflowing with hilarious Sicilian and Catholic related memorablia and photographs.  Best for large groups because the servings are enormous.  The food is mediocre but nothing to cry about.  The service is friendly, if at times a little incompetent.  If you are having a big party, I recommend reserving the Pope's Room, a huge round table surrounded by hilarious nun and Catholic-inspired photos and pot-bellied cherubs painted on the ceiling. Personal favorites: garlic bread and calamari
The SF Location is much much better...this place was tolerable if you don't mind waiting 2 F*in hours for your food and believe that a nice dining experience includes feeling boxed in elbow to elbow with your party, waiters scooting by and bumping you every 5 minutes, food platters being bigger than the table, the waiter telling you that you are the most patient folks in the world for waiting so long for your food, yet not offering any sort of discount or compensation.....I could go on....Oh I have never smelled a woman's bathroom that smelled so disgustingly like urine... Overall the service was decent, waiter was extremely nice but that didn't make up for the mediocre food that took forever to get to our table.
Great deal if you have many people - large portions and fun loud atmosphere... but I've been here a few times and one time all of the wine glasses (there were at least 8 of us) had to be taken back because they were horribly dirty - and I've never had excellent service at this place. Everything seems to take forever, which can be okay if you aren't on a timeline and have a big group - but can be hard if you need to get in and get out. As an event planner I have also used Buca for large catering orders and have not been impressed with the service. Food was not ready on time and the staff wasn't understanding in terms of us needing to be on time with our catering because it effected the rest of our event - but the food was yummy nonetheless.
If you are looking for a traditional Italian Restaurant for your meal with group of friends of 4 or more, this is a perfect place to hang out with great food, alots of delicious food (yumme yumme) plus a lots of cheese. My friend took me there last Sunday and he said it is the best Itailian res that he ever had.  We order the entree 1) EGGPLANT PARMIGIANA, 2) CHICKEN SALTIMBOCCA, 3) PIZZA GAMBERI and of-course don't forget the fantastic Dolci(dessert) that they have. TIRAMISU is one of the  best one.
Generally an excellent place to eat, mostly for the decent food in ample quantities. The various dishes I tried (The Brucetta, Fettuccine Alfredo, Ravioli w/ meat sauce, one of their spinach Pizzas, and a fruit of the sea linguine dish) ranged from good to excellent, mostly due to personal taste. There was certainly nothing to complain about with any of the dishes, and for dessert... well, we got their cream cheese pound cake concoction, which comes slathered with delicious berries and sauce... and it was FANTASTIC. Contrary to what a lot of other reviewers have said, I didn't find the food salty at all, in fact I found myself adding a touch of salt to some of it. Also, I had no problems with the wait staff, in fact I appreciated that the waitress brought me a second, larger glass of water when she noticed that I'd almost finished the first one when we hadn't even started eating yet! (I drink a LOT of water, so how the wait staff copes with this is a big factor in how I rate a restaurant) I'd have to agree, however, that the place is noisy in both sound and decor, but I think for a slightly-cheesy Italian place, it's quite acceptable in both regards. Some of the pictures on the wall are fun, and it makes for an interesting atmosphere. I'd definitely recommend Buca di Beppo, especially if you're hungry!
Had a late Sunday lunch here with my husband and had a GREAT experience. Place well maintained. Very interesting setup, thought we entered the kitchen side but that was really the main entrance and we were greeted by friendly receptionists. Dining area was filled with artsy Italian photos and trinkets. One area has wines on the ceiling. Our server was very pleasant and courteous! Nathan was the best, and the other guest relation lady (forgot her name) made sure we were well-taken care of. We had Calamari with spicy marinara for appetizer, Penne San Remo and Linguine Frutti Di Mare from the Lunch Special. Servings were perfect, and the food---YUMMY =) Will definitely recommend this for family gatherings as it has an Italian "home" feel to it...
Eh, it's ok. Went last night with 4 of my closest girlfriends for dinner. I have heard so much about how huge the portions are that I was actually disappointed when our food came. It wasn't really that much! We ordered "small" portions of the Chicken Marsala, roasted veggies and the pepperoni pizza. It tasted good though. Serivce was ok - not stellar - our waiter was consumed by a huge party right next to us so we felt a little ignored and everyone knows ladies need a lot of attention. Well, at least these ladies do.
This restaurant clearly suffers from expectitis.  That is, expectations are high, and the line in front is long, too, for good reason. This place isn't about top quality italian food, or even authentic italian food.  This is all about home-style italian american food, and they serve that up just right. This place has their sauces down pat.  The red sauce is great; I can't walk down Emerson without getting a good whiff of it and wanting to walk right in.  The chicken marsala is too good (who knows if it's right..it's good, damn it!).  Other favorites are the huge meatballs and chicken rigatoni positano (no longer on the menu). Make sure you have at least three people in your party, or your selection will be limited by the huge plates served.  This is the place for no fuss Italian.
I was craving pasta, so I made my husband drive me all the way here because we had a 10 dollar off coupon.  I order the spicy chicken carbonara pasta.  It was good and I had left over for lunch the next day!
A commercialized version of a New York Sicilian family stuff yourself fest. It's not as good as the high-end bistros around the area but for the same price you can feed 2-3 times the people with food that is much more flavourful than Olive Weed or Pasta (which should be who you are rating it against as it is a chain). The tart & tiramisu are pretty good and remind me of Ferrara Bakery & Cafe in Little Italy (they're good but not Vennero's good).
I am a sucker for this place. We had our rehearsal dinner here, and it was great. It was a little crowded in the room we were in, but on the other hand they produced enough food to feed twice as many people. And the food was good, too. I don't know how they turn out such mass quantities of tasty food, but they do. I like the decors, too; sometimes I am annoyed by chain restaurants and their kitschy pieces of flare, but I buy it here. It's not at all pretentious. The pictures are cute and lively. Don't go here on a date or anything; this is a big-crowd kind of place. It is also quite loud, so it may be hard for hearing-impaired people hear others.
They only get 4 stars from me because the martinis are the size of a dime. You can order 6 and have a slight buzz. I recommend going to Nolas first and getting a hurricane. If your claustrophobic like me then you might want to arrive drunk. This place is very small. Great food and great servers.
Good for large groups of hungry, hungry people.  This location has plenty of outdoor seating and a very nice (and attractive) male wait staff.  Efficient and helpful too.  Our waiter made good suggestions for the 8 of us so we didn't over order or order too much of one thing. We had a mixed bag of vegetarians and meat eaters, so we needed some guidance on apps and mains. Not amazing food, but good quality.  They tell me the chicken piccata is good, as is the salmon.  I like the spaghetti, but they overcook it a bit and so it's not al dente, as I prefer it. They got us in and out pretty quickly at lunchtime, which was greatly appreciated.
Great for lunch. Inexpensive single serving portions. Food prepared quickly and was quite delicious.
WTF is up with the policy of not seating people until their entire party is there?  Is it because they want to give it to another party first?  I guess that might be the case, but I made a reservation in advance for 10, so I'd be pretty damn pissed if they gave my table away just because their entire party was there, and my people tend to all get there at different times, like normal people. Anyway, had a heck of a time convincing them to let us sit down, given that about half my party was running late/coming in at random times.  And then we got this floozy of a waitress who had total 'tude, and then tried to pass it off as her "being new."  Whatever.  Bad service, bad food, bad vibes all around.  I am especially BURNED by the fact that we paid $28 each for a meal that was NOT fine dining.  How do they get away with prices like these?  And with service like this? Oh yeah.  Because they're the only place in town that can handle a party of 10 without too much trouble.  Eh.
I think Buca's is great. It's especially great for large groups of hungry people. Portions are huge, prices are reasonable and everything is designed to be shared. I'm not a big salad person, but I absolutely *love* their Apple Gorgonzola salad. Yum. The green beans, garlic mashed potatoes and garlic bread are also consistently awesome. Their drink selection is pretty good, too. Reservations are recommended, although there's usually a bit of a wait regardless and service is slow. For these points and the noise factor (it's family-friendly, and therefore often filled with loud children) it gets 4 stars instead of 5.
I came to Buca with my family last week, and we were really happy with the food.  I think you just have to know what to order at Buca, and make sure you don't over-order.  When they say the portions are large family-style, they aren't kidding.  I loved their thin, cripsy, fresh margherita pizza and their chicken with artichokes (it has an Italian name I can't remember...but it's second on the chicken list on the menu).  My cousin and I also ordered a tiramisu to share, and it came in a giant bowl, so everyone had to eat some in order to finish it. Anyway, the place has a fun atmosphere, is great for large groups, and is pretty affordable!  I don't think I'd come here on a date because the portions are just too large.  Minus one star for seating 5 people at this tiny table, knowing that we would be soon having enormous plates of food coming with no where to put them.  The service wasn't that fantastic.  Our waiter was nice enough, but frequently disappeared for long periods of time when we needed plates to be cleared for new dishes.
I've only been here once for a rehearsal dinner. It was a really large party and we received great service even if the place was really busy. I didn't realize it was a chain till I came online and looked them up. I really enjoyed the decorations and all the photos.. which anyone who has experienced the italian culture will appreciate. As it's been said already, it's mostly family-style dinners with huge portions and fairly flavorful food. You definitely get less quality than quantity.. but for large groups, it's perfect.
FreakN huge portions. I'd eat here but then I am running the risk of getting fat. Their food taste ok. Nothing special that I picked up on. However their garlic bread was pretty damn good. Its a nice place for a Fri. evening date because there is alot going on within a few blocks of the restaurant. Example, clubs, bars, shoes, book stores, etc. FREE parking is located a few blocks down. I noticed 2 lots that offered FREE parking but they were (as expected) packed. PROS: Alot of food for relatively low price, nice ambiance, place has conversation built inside it already. No dull moments! CONS: IF you go here often, you will get fat. How can you not... look at the portions man. OVERALL: 3/5 Stars.
This is a great Italian place. Great for big groups. They serve family style portions. They say their small feeds like 3 people, but to me it seems more like 5. The last time we went it was four of us, we ordered the small Spaghetti and Meatballs, Macaroni Rosa, and Eggplant Parmegiana and it was SOOO much food. Delicious! They are a little pricy, but to me its so worth it. I noticed also they have an addition the menu, you can order single portions of certain dishes. But i love getting a little bit of everything so we stick with Family Style. Their Bruschetta is so yummy it comes with a freshly baked garlic bread that is just OMG great! Their tiramisu is yummy too, so much rum...haha but its great! I LOVE THIS PLACE! Also, i friend of mine threw their daughter a graduation party and they opened the restaraunt early for our private party.
I've been to several Buca Di Beppos and my experience has been fairly consistent.  You enter through the kitchen and get towered over by the hostess standing on a podium.  There's usually a deep line of people waiting for tables in the tight waiting area, so reservations are a must. The food is decent quality since it's served family-style, as in pasta platters the size of salad bowls.  We ordered 5 large chicken and seafood pastas and 2 large pizzas for our main course.  I found their estimate for number of portions to be a bit high.  The large size pastas didn't serve 4-6 people, maybe half that, even though my entire party of 19, except for me, was made up HK peeps who don't eat much.  There was not a scrap left at the end, but somehow I left there plenty full. They're currently running a special where you might get a "Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs" DVD if you ordered a large meatball pizza.  We did and we got a DVD!  It made for an impromptu birthday gift. Our young 20ish waitress was sufficiently attentive.  She kept our glasses of water full and a toddler at our table entertained with crayons and a coloring book.  The place has some kitschy Italian-style decorations and can get loud as it's usually quite packed on weekend nights.  Sometimes, I would prefer the place to be better maintained, but for the price, it's acceptable. You pretty much go to Buca Di Beppo for one reason--to celebrate somebody's birthday.  The entire room that we were in was filled by 3 big parties all celebrating birthdays, including ours.  Sure it's fun, or not, singing along with strangers for the birthday guy or gal.  It's probably a bit annoying for all the big parties there for other reasons. I'd like to say I'll go back often, but most likely, I'll only go there for yet another birthday dinner.  At the very least, I appreciate being full and satisfied at the end of the night, while spending about 30% less than I would at other popular birthday destinations like Tanto or Gochi.
My first experience with Italian family style dining, and it's safe to say, I will never do it again. Italian food is best when plated and served individually in reasonable proportions and with better quality ingredients. The food at Bucca involved huge portions of overly creamy pasta with meat portions that tasted rubbery. Way overcooked, in my opinion. Whatever happened to al dente? Geez. Oh, and the free birthday cupcake was a very dry funfetti cake mix straight out of the box (this is coming from someone very familiar with baking). Save yourself the trouble and go elsewhere for your large group events.
I've only had food catered here. But I hear the inside is super cheesy. I'm down for super cheesy. The food is good but you know it's bad for you. If you want Italian, sure, yea, go here. But just know that it's over-sauced, over-salted, and over-portioned (that's probably not a word, but go with me). Probably not at all authentic. But hey, I love my pasta doused in cheese. I don't know if I would go here for Italian, but if it's served to me and for free I'll eat it. But that's not saying much is it.
I was scouring to find a place for my mom, grandma & I to go to on Christmas Day.Most places were about $50/person, before 18% gratuity and taxes, which is pretty daunting when you've never eaten there before.I had eaten at the Bucca in SJ and was pleased to find they were offering their regular menu(AND prices!).They actually offered BOTH dinner & lunch menus.The food was great, & i could see a lot of people were as relieved as we were to find it. We had the Apple/Gorgonzola Salad, Chicken Prosciutto w/lemon butter sauce & baked ravioli.It was great! We even had wine and it was about the price we would have paid for ONE person anywhere else. Although I said it was "$$" you can get a soup and salad for $6 during lunch where you can get single portions. A lot of it esp at dinner is served family style, where the small serves "2-3" people and the large serves....a lot more! The ambience was cute & made you feel you were in Italy or someone's home. Highly recommend it!
Fun, family style Italian Resaurant entrance is through the kitchen! Nice calamari Tasty penne arrabiata Good ponzano salad Chianti wine and Peroni beer Large size portions Good desserts
I was very pleased with my trek to Buca di Beppo for my birthday. Now, I understand that it is not traditional Italian food, but the price is right and the portions are HUGE. The waitress was very attentive and the atmosphere was just right for my party-o-five. The Frutti di Mare was filled with seafood and the bruchetta portions were huge and very flavorful. I snuck away without having anyone sing to me (thank you, family and friends) and finished the meal with the cream cheese pound cake w/ berries and white chocolate icing. One slice filled all 5 of us! Note for the future: Do not order 1 appetizer, three pasta dishes, one pizza and a dessert and insist to the waitress that you need the large order of fettuccine alfredo. The large is VERY large. Oi. But, yum!
I was a Buca virgin until I was dragged here for a big friend get together - and I almost feel bad for previously thinking that it was a run down, family/annoying, run of the mill food place. We ordered mass amounts of food (don't take that comment lightly) and I enjoyed every single thing we ordered!  Some top contenders had to be: Chicken with Lemon (oddly good) Gnocchi with pesto sauce (possibly not on the menu, but they'll make it for you!) Even the Fettuccine Alfredo -- which most restaurants overload with too much junk that you can see on your waist line but not taste -- was really good here! And most importantly... there was some seriously GREAT service. For big groups - request the pope head room or eat downstairs (gets too toasty upstairs) and a GOOD/non-newbie waiter
If you want first-class pasta. don't come here. If you want good cheap pasta, this is where the party's at. The pasta here comes in massive quantities.  I highly advise not going with groups of less than 3.  You'll either order one large, and hurt yourself trying to finish, or a couple smaller dishes, and have enough leftovers to feed a family of 4.  The fried calamari can get soggy at times; i've had both good and bad.  The cheese garlic bread is to die for.  I could life off that bread for months. They serve food family-styled, where you share dishes with everyone.  I think that the size and home-y feel of the restaurant helps put you in the family mood.  the whole building seems like its taken a sip of Alice's shrinking potion.  I personally love it.  Its a great place to go with friends, and have a good time.
This is a great place for group dinners.  Family style all the way. Their bruschetta is prety damn good.  Long crisp bread with yummy bruschetta slaw and olive oil.  The perfect amount of basil..omigosh, my mouth is watering as we speak.  I am in LOVE with their Fruit di mar.  The noodles are cooked perfectly and has just the right amount or red sauce.  They give you plenty of seafood and its just a big bowl of happiness.  Their chicken Madera is pretty good, too.  Big chicken breast pieces glazed with madera sauce.  I've had a few other dishes, but these 2 stand out the most.  Be sure to order thier tiramisu.  It's not so bad.  It comes in a big cereal bowl like dish.  I could prob just a spoon and just sit in my own corner and eat the whole thing because that's how I like to get down, but its great for sharing. The decor is pretty cool.  Lots of random pictures and statues.  A really fun place to go with a group or family.  Also, be sure to sign up for their club.  They send you $10 coupons all the time!
Been here a couple of times and I was in big groups every time I was here. Here is a summary of my consistent experience with Buca Di Beppo: Food: Big portions. Decent quality but nothing super memorable. You won't be disappointed if you kept your expectation realistic. The chicken Parmesan was not bad but a bit dry. The pasta dishes were tasty but salty. Salads were fresh but overloaded with dressings. The short rib was actually pretty tender and impressive. The Tiramisu was super rich which you may or may not like. Pricing: Depends on if you come here with big or small parties. The family style is a fantastic deal for big parties but not so much for the small parties. Atmosphere/setting: Pretty tacky Italian style but some people might enjoy it. The place is LOUD with sounds bouncing around the walls. Don't come here if you wanted to enjoy a romantic quiet dinner with your significant other. Service: Nice and friendly but not attentive. We pre-ordered our dishes ahead of time but we still got the wrong salad and the wrong bread. I won't come here on my own but I won't mind coming if other people insisted.
This is the go-to restaurant of my friends, who are too lazy to find other restaurants to dine in Palo Alto...  Standard orders include: 1.  Linguine Fruitti Di Mare (Very sumptious and comprehensive seafood) 2.  Calamari 3.  Meatballs (Pretty huge and tasty) 4.  Spicy Arrabbiata Pizza The wait is always long if you don't have a reservation.  My clothes has the stuffy-resto smell too when I leave this place.  I'm quite sick of this place...I want to eat elsewhere the next time I go to Palo Alto.
As the coordinator for our Senior Ball group I feared trying to find a place to eat.  Taking into consideration the sheer size of our group (20 teens), I knew that the restaurant had to have a big enough table for twenty people. Furthermore, knowing just how 'excited' certain members of our group can get, I knew it also had to be a place where loud noise was allowed. On top of all of those other things, the restaurant also had to have vegetarian options for one member of the group, the place still had to be fancy enough where people in tuxedos and dresses wouldn't be too far out of place, and last but not least, most people agreed that the dinner should cost around $30 per person.  Oh boy. After a few hours online, going through pages of restaurants and reviews, I found the perfect place: Buca di Beppo.  The Buca di Beppo website is incredibly helpful with the listings of different locations and phone numbers. One of the best features of Buca di Beppo is their 'banquet style' option. So on the morning of Senior Ball, I was able to call Buca di Beppo in Palo Alto and give them the order of all the food we wanted that night: 5 large orders of Garlic Bread, 4 large Caesar Salads, 3 large Fettuccine Alfredos, 2 large Spaghetti Marinaras, 2 large Chicken Parmigianas, 2 large Double Dark Chocolate Cake slices, 2 large Tiramisus, and 2 large Cheesecake slices. By the time we arrived for our reservations (at 6:15 PM), the host showed us to our table and took our orders for drinks. Within the next 8 minutes or so, the food started to arrive. The garlic bread came on pans with about 8 large pieces each. I'm normally not a big fan of garlic bread (especially when there's only a small piece of chewing gum standing between me and my arch nemesis Halli Tosis), but I couldn't just sit there with twenty other people digging in. As I bit into a piece of garlic bread, I had to admit that the garlic wasn't as prevalent, or as pungent, as I thought it would be. The crust was a nice golden brown color and there was a light crunchy texture. Four large platters of caesar salad arrived a few minutes after the garlic bread. The caesar salad at Buca di Beppo comes with lemon wedges and anchovies on top. I know that some people aren't particularly fond of miniature fish, but do remember that they are pretty much only on the top part of the salad, and can be easily pushed aside (or piled onto another person's plate). I usually like to be the one to put my own dressing on a salad because most restaurants end up putting so much dressing on, that the leaves begin to get soggy and greasy. Luckily for me, Buca di Beppo put on just the right amount! Before we were done with our salad, the fettuccine alfredo, spaghetti marinara, and chicken parmigiana were being brought over by the servers. The portions of food at Buca di Beppo are extremely generous. I'm not talking about a hill of food, I'm talking about Mount Everest! My personal favorite out of the three dishes was the chicken parmigiana. The breaded chicken cutlets were perfect! The chicken on the inside was juicy without the exterior breading being soggy. By the time we finished with the main courses, it was already 7:30 PM and prom was beginning in only half an hour. This is where the service at Buca di Beppo really shined. Not only was the staff professional and prompt with the process leading up to dinner, but during dinner, they constantly checked back to clear off any items off the table or to see if we needed any refills on drinks, napkins, etc. (They even gave an ice-loving group member her own extra glass of ice). We realized that we wouldn't have time to finish our desserts at the restaurant and get to prom before the doors were supposed to close at 9 PM. I asked one of the servers if I could get the check and if they could box all of the food and the desserts so that we would be able to leave in the next 5-10 minutes. The server simply smiled back and said that it was perfectly alright. I was able to receive and pay off the bill in five minutes, and in the next five minutes, all of the food (from extra appetizers to the entrees and the desserts), were neatly packed in bags and ready to go! On the ride back home after prom, we all decided to break out the desserts. I was extremely pleased to find that the servers at Buca di Beppo added twenty packages of cutlery (plastic forks, spoons and napkins) amongst the dessert bags. The chocolate cake and frosting was melt in your mouth delicious and the tiramisu had all the coffee flavor, without being too overpowering. All in all, Buca di Beppo is a fantastic place to go for group parties! The portions, food, atmosphere, prices, and service are simply unbeatable!
If you've read through my reviews, you may have caught onto the fact that I'm a major foodie with a large appetite.  As such, I prefer "family-style" portions, and also enjoy sampling many different items from the menu to get a variety of flavors.  If anything, it is by these reasons alone why I enjoy coming to Buca Di Beppo. The location is great for anybody looking to spend a night out in Palo Alto, as Buca is very close to all the main spots around town.  Parking (on the street) can get a bit difficult at times, but it's to be expected in downtown. As stated in other reviews, this place is absolutely perfect for large groups.  Not only due to the size of the restaurant, but because of the portions they serve here.  Even the "small" dishes were enough to get me full.  The atmosphere here is always very pleasant, and although it may get very busy at times, I've always walked away from here with a full stomach and a grin of satisfaction.  Plus, the service here has always been phenomenal in my experience. My personal favorites are the Chopped Antipasto Salad and Fried Calamari for starters.  Sometimes I also order the Bruschetta or Fried Mozzarella.  For our main course, I typically order a Margherita pizza along with either Baked Rigatoni or Fettuccine Supremo.  All of these dishes are absolutely delicious, and with the warm and pleasant atmosphere of the restaurant, it always makes for a thoroughly enjoyable dinner experience with friends and family.
Pros = Caters to large groups.  Huge portions.  Fun lively atmosphere. Cons = Mediocre food.  Not ideal for small parties b/c the ginormous portions limits being able to order lots of different stuff.
It's corporate.  It's loud.  It's crowded.  It's chaos. It's BOMB. I dedicate my 4 stars to eggplant parmigiana. This place has gotten significantly more corporate over the years... gone are the years of the paper placemat menus and anchovies on ceasar salads... something about salmonella? :) When I'm with my family and we're just looking for low key, yummy food- bucca in PA is always our  go-to. I can pick on plenty of things that annoy me here, but all is ALWAYS washed away by the deliciousness that is their eggplant... just eat it.
I went here with my family to treat out a friend.  We're a rather large group when we all get together, and rather noisy too, so Buca di Beppo was a good place for us.  It was a Tuesday night, and we were the only ones in that wing of the restaurant (kind of like a separate room, almost), save for one couple in the corner. The prices are cheap for such a large group, and one can order family-sized versions of their dishes to share.  Also, I really liked the quirky Italian paraphernalia that they used to decorate the place. The food?  Not so great.  I'm a big fan of Italian food, and I've eaten quite a lot of it. We got family-sized servings of cheese ravioli, a salad with walnuts and cranberries in it, and some kind of spicy pizza.  Everything was rather unremarkable.  The ravioli was so stuffed with cheese that it was rather cloying after eating one, and the tomato sauce that came with it was bland---totally one-dimensional.  It could have seriously used a bump up in flavor.  Same for the pizza.  The salad was probably the tastiest of the three dishes, and for an Italian restaurant, I think that's a bad thing.
a LOT of FOOD! Ever been in the pope room? seats like 15 or so, bust of the pop sitting smacked in the middle of the table.
YUM! I could eat buca every week! My boyfriend and I LOVE LOVE LOVE to go get take-out at Buca! We always order the same dish, penne arrabiata. I have tried probably 2/3 of the menu, and this is my favorite dish. It makes great left overs also. My second favorite item from them is their garlic bread with mozzarella. YUM! The portions have shrunk however..since they changed owners :[ It's now half the size, but the same price. That's a downer....because the dish is so amazingly good. The service here is very friendly, we come here 2 to 3 times a month. This is my favorite location throughout the bay area. The location in San Jose is always busy, and the wait time can be ridiculous. Their SF location....burnt my food all three times I went there.
Well, you really are paying for the atmosphere. The food is good, solid, Italian-American comfort food. I actually really liked the food, but not for the price. It is over priced. The atmosphere is great though, lots of interesting photos to look at, the ceiling is covered with wine bottles, red checkers tablecloths,loud, kid friendly. I gave it three stars mainly because the food is simply over priced. You pay $10+ for an order of garlic bread, $10+ for an order of salad, $20+ for 3 cutlets of chicken saltimbocca, and 8 bucks for a side of fettuccine alfredo, plus more for drinks. So it doesnt seem like that much, but here is how they get you, these are all family style dishes, so you share them with the table, whereas at another restaurant, your salad, side pasta and garlic bread would just come with your main plate, here, you are paying for each item separately. All in all, we ended up paying like 60 bucks for 2 adults and 2 kids under 5. Now that still wouldn't be very much, but its the cost/quality ratio we are talking about here. The food is good, but it is basic comfort food that any Joe could whip up at home, for very cheap and very quick. The fettuccine was the only problem. We did not initially order it, and only did after the waiter told us that we did not order enough food. The pasta was cold and flavorless. We did not eat it and we were stuffed from all the other food. The chicken was great, we actually still have one of the cutlets left over in the fridge. The salad was classic Italian and reminded me of my childhood family dinner salads and garlic bread was good, but should have been free with the meal. We actually would not have ordered it if we knew they were also going to bring us complimentary bread with oil and vinegar. We had assumed since bread was on the menu, we were not getting the free stuff. I don't mind paying 60 bucks for a meal. I wouldn't mind paying 100 bucks for the meal, even it was just me and my wife, without the kids, if it was that kind of food, something that would be difficult to make in large batches, in advance and for hardly any cash. What I wish, is that there was a restaurant exactly like this, and I had just payed 30 bucks for the same meal. But like I said, you really are paying for the atmosphere. They get 3 stars and I am happy and full, looking forward to leftover chicken saltimbocca.
I came here with a group of 7 people on a Thursday dinner for my friend's birthday. I like: the friendly atmosphere-- 5 stars: I like the nostalgic feels from all those old black and white photos on the wall the friendly service -- 5 stars: group of waiter came and sang Happy birthday to my friend and gave him a free brownie Calamari -- 5 stars: very very yummy. Three stars off:  The BIG problem was that it's the food quality.  Every dish was overwhelmed with tomato sauce.  Large portions but without any flavor.  Each of the 4 dishes we ordered was tasted the same and it's very bland.  I can have better italian/American food with much lower cost elsewhere. Also, I got a terrible stomachache after the dinner .... very rare happening as my stomach is usually as strong as steel.
We had the Chicken Marsala.  It was kind of too sweet to my taste but the meat was tender and juicy.  Mmmm... yummy.  We also had the salad (w. apple), Linguine Frutti di Mare, Pizza Con Pollo, and Tirimisu ... all very good. I had been to this location twice and the one in Oakridge Mall in San Jose once.  We all enjoyed the food.  We always go there in big group because this restaurant serves the meal Italian family style in huge portion.  I highly recommend this to big party.
Went here for a business dinner with my team primarily because it was the only place that didn't have a long wait.  I had never been here before, but on the ride over my manager described it as "the worst type of Italian food," and "s***."  So expectations were low walking in... Additionally we completely ignored the waitress when she explained how the place worked and the portions per dish and proceeded to order one dish per person.   When ALL the food came we had to use too tables to fit it all and proceed to gorge ourselves. The brushetta was pretty lousy and can best be described as a deep dish pizza with fried bread that was soaked in garlic sprinkled with tomatoes. The dish I ordered and REALLY liked was the Pasta Abbrigata (spelling?  something along those lines, but basically the spicy sausage pasta). Overall we had a halfway decent experience because the day had been rough, the one pasta dish I ordered was good and did  I mention that we went through 2 bottles of chianti and a couple of mixed drinks.
Quantity over quality, definitely.  However, there are times when this is good -- taking a bunch of people out to a long meeting, or a party with people who don't want pizza but aren't very adventurous, etc. Some of the dishes are not BAD...I've definitely not turn it down...but with so many good italian places in Palo Alto, why go here?
I love this place!! I came here for dinner with my boyfriend and it's one of the closest locations to where we live. We don't get to dine her as often as we'd like to, but when we do it's well worth the drive. The food is always consistent and tasty. During our most recent visit, we ordered the Calamari, Penne San Remo, and the Chicken Pesto Pizza. They were all delicious!! The penne is my favorite dish at this restaurant and it was nice and creamy! It was our first time trying the Chicken Pesto Pizza, and it was scrumptious! The portions were HUGE as always, since it is family style so we had plenty of left overs. We were very satisfied, except for the fact that there was a huge party near us. They were loud and very obnoxious and I'm pretty sure they were waiting for our seats since there weren't enough for their party. Our server was very attentive and despite the large party around us, he brought us our food quickly and consistently refilled our drinks.At the end of our meal, uur bill came out to about $50, but I had a $10 coupon so our bill came out to around $40. I wish there was a closer Bucca to us, but we are willing to drive out here to get some good Italian food!
1 word about this place. YUMMY!!! And you better bring a ginormous empty stomach! =]
Food was good, but service not up to par. Maybe it was just my server, but everyone seemed so rushed. Don't underestimate when they say family style dinning. Be prepared to wait, and yell across the table. Their food...not so great. It wasn't bad, but there was nothing special about it. I also agree with the entrance. It's not so much that you walk past the kitchen, it just seems like you're walking out the back of a restaurant. Not a great 1st impression. All in All not impressed.
I really like this place for the Chicken with Lemon. The Cheese cake with raspberry is good too. It's light and refreshing. It's not authentic italian food, but it's really good. They also have lunch menus with normal size portions now which is good for people who dont eat a lot. But if i had things my way, definitely gonna eat family style. The meatballs are 1/2 pound softball size. How cool is that? Definitely a likely lunch club destination now that we have discovered the lunch menu. And if you come here for celebrations, you can order the 5 gallon wine. =)
I went there with my fiance last night. We had the Gnochhi and the Stuffed chicken along with some dark chocolate cake for dessert. The people working here are great but the chefs seriously suck! My Stuffed chicken was passable. The Gnocchi wasnt happening! I sent that shiznet back and ordered desert instead. We were full of the stuffed chicken breast that we had. This chain restaurant has lost its touch- they charge way to much for food when the chefs dont even take the proper measures to insure that your food is hot and made RIGHT. Me and my fiance have swore this place off- lets move on to better things...
I've been to Buca in PA and SF plenty of times. I know my favorites and I pretty much stick to them. They are: fettuccine surpremo, linguini fruitti di mare, garlic mashed potatoes, garlic cheese bread, and pepperoni pizza. Why did they get rid of the chicken cacciatore, why??? I find the meatballs to be flavorless, way too dense and kind of dry in the middle. The tiramisu has way too much rum for my taste. Table service is usually good, but I've never once been seated promptly, even with a reservation. I once reserved a table for 4 and still waited about 30 minutes. Authentic or not, generally the food is good, the portions are large, and the atmosphere is pretty cool.
Our meal was mediocre, and I honestly don't believe people go to this restaurant simply for a favorite dish.  My party of four got the small-sized portions, and it was enough to fill us up, but for some reason not enough to satisfy my appetite.  The food just wasn't comforting and satiating the way I wanted it to be.  Perhaps we ordered the wrong dishes. As for the portions, the pasta and the dessert we ordered were fine, but I was extremely disappointed by the chicken parmesan.  Two slices of thin chicken definitely doesn't warrant a $20 price tag in my book. The atmosphere was great, though. You really feel like you can let loose and guffaw with your friends, and all of the pictures on the wall seemed to encourage it.  There'd be no lack of conversation at this place, and it'd be great for a first date or a party.  Even though the place was packed, I never felt like I was being crowded.  Service was prompt and friendly, to boot. Overall opinion: I'd be willing to pay more and go someplace else. I eat out for the food, not for the social atmosphere, and I dislike being served something I feel I could make at home. Reasons for the rating: Although the food was inoffensive (neither disgusting nor extraordinary), I do have to say that I had a great time eating there tonight, and a great dining experience is not always easy to come by.
Buca di Beppo should not be a good restaurant. And an even worse Ristorante, I guess. It's a chain. It's fairly inexpensive. And it is "Italian" which usually means nice decor with the same tired American Italian food.  But each time I've been to Buca with a big crowd, we've had a blast.  It's unpretentious. The food has been fine.  The atmosphere has been great - I rarely notice the amusing decor, and in any case it isn't designed to impress. We just had another dinner party there tonight.  We ate too much. We drank too much. We ignored the kids who were having too much fun at the other end of the table. We made WAY too much noise, and no one cared. When you go to a family-style restaurant in Italy you'll have a far different meal.  You probably won't even get a menu. But you won't have any more fun than here at Buca.
The best time to visit Beppo's is at the end of the summer. On one day, the Stanford Marching Band plays music up and down the streets of Palo Alto, and ends up playing a performance in front of Beppo's. Beppo's serves large portions of tasty Italian food. It's the music that makes it worth going!
I find their over sized portions wasteful, overcooked and generally not flavourful. I find the decor and the ambiance tiresome. I have been there on more than one occasion (under duress) and have found these things to be true each time. There is no excuse for bad Italian food and no excuse for going to a loud cheesy restaurant that serves it particularly when there are much better ones within walking distance. Also: as for it being a great place to take a large group of people... why would you want to feed anyone, let alone large groups of people, crappy food? Capacity alone should not be a reason you go to a restaurant. Edit: I was forced there again, because my mother inexplicably likes it. I spent the next day being unspeakably ill in various restrooms.
Let me start off by saying that I only go here if I am with friends or family because their is no way that I can eat the single plate alone. I had friend gatherings and high school meetings, graduation dinner, just dinner and never once was I dissapointed. The pizza was great, the pasta was great, I would like it if they had more sea food but its ok. We always get the salad that has the apples and walnuts I dont remember what the name of it was. and then for the entrees we would get pasta, pizza and or the fried calamari Good place I miss it now that I am living in the San Fernando valley!
A really average and mediocre place.  The lighting is poor and the ceiling is low.  The servers have this aura of apathy surrounding their plastic smiles and polite suggestions to order more food.  We had 4 people and ordered enough food for 8 people and the server tried to push us to order appetizers, drinks, salad, dessert, coffee, espresso, and neglected us as if we just went to get their free bread.  They did not even give us the bread until we asked for it.   some of their food is really good, so as long as they leave you alone you can still have a good time eating. Remember to look for some 10$ coupon off 20$ orders in like a coupon book or online. parking can be found around if you circle enough times. Realistically smalls feed two people and larges feed 3. have been in groups of 3 - 10. it's a chain restaurant. costs over 15$ per person easily and you may not even leave full.  (yelp doesn't allow the greater than sign?) linguine fruitti di mare good chicken carbonara good? eggplant thing good (for the first 5 minutes before it gets cold) spaghetti and meatballs bad penne pesto chicken pasta bad veal with something not so good. bucca trio appetizer platter thing okay (the fried cheese gets cold fast and left alone will get soggy) quatro al forno bad
I liked the boisterous atmosphere, and the service was pretty good, but the food was not great. I came with two friends, and we got three dishes that definitely filled us up. We ordered a chicken marsala (very tender but extremely sweet for my tastes), a veggie pizza (average), and ravioli with meat sauce (too rich and too salty). However, I still enjoyed my experience and would probably come back with a big group.
This place is only a step above an Applebees or Chevys as far as I'm concerned. Food is just bland and not authentic. Most of the dishes I could probably make just as well at home, for half the cost. Not sure why my boss likes this place so much...
My wife and I eat out about 3 times a week, at low-end and high-end restaurants.  This was by far the absolute worst restaurant experience we've ever had.  This is the first time I've written a bad review, but I felt I had to for this one.  We chose this place on a friend's recommendation; too bad I hadn't checked with Yelp first.  Avoid this place! First off, our 8PM reservation was useless, as we had to wait 40 minutes (!?) to get a tiny table right by the busiest doorway.  A full 20 minutes later, we get to place our drink order (a bottle of Chianti), and he leaves again without taking our food order!  Another 10 minutes, and he brings the bottle, and finally takes our orders.  Ordinarily, we would have left any other restaurant by now, but we felt awkward as we there were with a friend we hadn't seen in a while. Then, the food arrived, and we never saw our waiter again until the check.  We had plenty of issues with our food; my wife's spaghetti was practically raw, and we couldn't get anyone to get us cheese for it.  Our guest had the lasagna, slightly warm, although burnt.  My salmon with pesto & broccoli may have been made of salt, as I couldn't taste anything else. It took us 2 1/2 hours to get served a simple, amazingly pathetic, overpriced meal.  There are plenty of good/great restaurants nearby.  This isn't one of them.
WOW.  I'm no stranger to paying too much for a meal, but this was a complete rip-off!!  My husband and I got Buca thinking we can have leftovers for the weekend.  The green beans were almost $7 and there were barely enough to feed the two of us...1 person could have easily enjoyed them (see posted pic) and the Chicken Limone I ordered was supposed to be a 3 person order...I feel bad for the person that would have the middle chicken breast! (see posted pic).  If you consider yourself a family style restaurant....don't start a family war about who's going to have to eat the dinky piece of chicken!
I love buca di beppo although parking is hard to find so is everything in palo alto downtown... so parking wasnt a big problem.. we had a birthday there and they were so nice enough to have a cake and everything ready for us :) this is a really nice place to take a bunch of your friends or just you and a friend. either way its a very good place and very delicious!
I've been coming to this restaurant since the day they opened and watching it morph throughout the years has been a real treat.  A few years ago it went through a bit of a slump where the service was sluggish and bartenders boring, but now they have come back with a vengeance.  The always good food is still overflowing in giant-sized portions.  The wine list is varied enough that you won't grow bored with it even after three or four visits.  Okay, so parking can sometimes be challenging, but it's so worth it.  Besides, the further away you park and walk, the more you can justify the mass quantities of food you'll be consuming.  And my favorite feature is that you can learn to speak Italian while peeing.  Now that's Italian!
There is often a half hour wait, but they compensate for that with their speedy service and ginormous portions! Trying to find street parking is a hassle though and any Buca location leaves me kind of claustrophobic, but I keep coming back because the food - especially the Fruitti de mare - is delicious!  Just bring a crowd, you'll need it!
The worst place! They brought us a stack of plates. We started handing them out around the table. And in the middle of the stack....DIRTY PLATES!!!! It was disgusting. But that's not all...The brought us calamari and it had a string of hair. We lost our appetite and left.
I personally like Buca, BUT...... This is the first and last time I will visit the one in Palo Alto : ( The food like always was fine, enjoyed every bite. However this is regarding the poor quality service I received last Thursday Night. Our waitress was horrible, the only reason we got any service at all was someone else was assisting. Now I'm trying to be fair and understand, yes it seemed like she was busy. But it takes about 5 seconds to look at the table across you and say "How is the food" or "would you like a refill" And to top it off had to go find someone else to ask for the bill.... So with that said try somewhere else, I've experienced better.
A fun place to eat as a group. you can order different dishes and share. I've eaten there about 5 times with different group of people. - loud, uncomfortable chair, crowed, - average quality food, not american style pizza (nice part)
Back in the day, I use to love going to Buca di Beppo for a big Italian meal. I used to love their caesar salad, fried calamari and the macaroni rosa. However, over the years I feel the quality of food has gone down. Buca is still a great place to have big celebratory meals, but it's just not my first pick when craving Italian.
came here on a tuesday night with our department, total of 13 of us. it was a last minute change of restaurant, and we thought family style would be suiting for us. this is the 3rd buca ive been to, and its actually the smallest. but we were able to nab upstairs seating, and had the whole area to ourselves which was nice. the girls that got there before us said they changed tables 3 times because they gave us half booth/half tables and would be hard for people to go in and out. our waiter, joaquin was awesome! he was so fun and gave us great service...and free pens for the table too! started off as a joke, but we definitley all enjoyed him as our server! we ordered a ton of food, 2 large salads (their salads are ehhh), spicy rigatoni with chicken (not too spicy, but tasty), gnocchi (not the best ive had), chicken marsala (tasty but sauce is a bit strong), linguini frutti de mar (my favorite), and cheese ravioli (did not get too try). we also had cheesy garlic bread (addicting!) and 2 appetizer samplers (the stuffed mushrooms are creamy but delicious, calamari is typical as well as the breaded mozzarella). one of our coworkers told us to check out the men's bathroom (i'm a female, and 2 other females were visiting and had never been to a buca di beppo), and joaquin took us when no one was in there. the photos in there are hilarious! the men's bathroom is way funner than the women's restroom! we ended the night with the huge dessert platter (my photo does not do justice), and the cheesecake and chocolate cake are delicious! food is decent, great for family style, but it is a bit cramped. the service is great, and the wine let us have an even better time.
Love this place. Come here for family get togethers because all the portions are family sized. Normally get a salad and a pasta and that is more than enough for five people. Typically we order something different each time. The Italian sodas are excellent as well. This place always brings the family together for a good Italian meal. The service is always excellent. Didnt see too much that wowed me for dessert but I'm always so full after dinner that it doesn't matter. There's normally a lot of street parking around and if not there's a parking structure so parking is never an issue. We will keep coming here for family dinners.
For an Italian restaurant, the food quality is average.  There are large portions and great service, but the poor seating arrangements and high prices make me reluctant to go back.  If you are traveling in a large group and want to eat a ton, this is the place for you
there's nothing really much to jive about at this outlet of gigantic plates of pasta, meats & vegetables, except that this is the exact place to bring a big assembly of hungry & unconcerned people about the quality of the food. their meatballs are the size of a baseball!!!.but are they spectacular??? of course not!...they are just passable. the portions are so monstrous that dishes could be on the bland side. the ambience is welcoming and  the walls are nicely decorated with black & white pictures of sexy actresses such as sophia loren, gina lollobrigida and other random italians. also, they have the bucca mio a.k.a single portion for those small eaters and still the dishes are quite big. service are courteous and quick.
I dig Buca Di Beppo. Yes it brings back memories of dinners with big groups of friends back in my younger years and being impressed by the big menu on the wall and equally ginormous portions, but I like the food. Sure, it's not authentic Italian, but just like PF Chang's isn't real Chinese and Taco Bell isn't a real Mexican taqueria, there is enough room in my heart and food-loving stomach for it all! Cost to worth it ratio: 3 (you can get away cheap if you want, but you'll always be tempted to over-order making it an average meal price) Eve award: best place to go when you want a whole lot of anything Italiany--especially cheese and wheat (bread, pasta, pizza) Highlights: - Arabiatta pizza: lovely combination of toppings: pepperoni and sausage for your meat and spice, red onions for a bit of crunch and color, and a delectable combination of cheeses with just enough gorgonzola to give it a bite and be the sleeper hit of the mix . All of this sits on a rectangular-shaped pie with thin crust but not super thin--enough to be substantial. Tonight it was cooked perfectly. Oh and gotta love the bright yellow roasted red pepper cans used to prop up the wheat and cheese delight. - Small sizes: not just for the big parties anymore. Mom and I came and ordered 2 small items and shared them. We could've went with one, but we were craving pizza AND pasta tonight! - Quattro baked pasta: combination of 2 cheese and 2 meat items. Cheese ravioli, manicotti, chicken cannelloni, and spinach and meat shells made up the quartet. If I got just one of these items, I may not have liked it as much, but with 4 to sample, I was in. I thought I'd devour the cannelloni since I typically love that, but I was all over the ravioli--big raviolis with lots of ricotta cheese and a simple tomato sauce on top. Not to be ignored, cannelloni was my next fave. Shells were a bit dry inside and lacked the amount of flavor I was expecting, but I liked the prominence of spinach in the meat mixture. Manicotti the last cause after all of that plain cheese didn't do much for me. - Welcoming entrance: I felt like I was in that episode of Chuck where his CIA friends infiltrated a restaurant and pretended he was a wealthy regular to impress an ex-girlfriend on a date. We were greeted not only by the host but others around him as well as another when we were walking to our table. That alone set a good tone for the dinner and I appreciated it. In this economy, restaurants should be giving better customer service to encourage patronage. Coming off a fine dining experience where the staff caused me to not enjoy a possibly good meal, this staff took an ordinary meal and elevated it. - Wines by the glass: not awesome pickings, but more options than your average chain spot and very healthy pours :-) - Ambiance: still casual, fun, and boisterous. New edition was the entertaining comments on the paper placemats and menus--oh yeah they have actual menus now! Paper placemats was an advertisement for Buca being great for any occasion with sayings like: Mother's Day--you never call, you never write, take her to a big dinner and something about a quirky day in January. In the menu there was a random "Stop texting at the table" note. Lowlights: - Our service at our actual table was kind of weird--our waitress went MIA after our food came and we had to flag down another and she kind of became our waitress for the remainder of the meal. - Aranciata balls: these were freaking good last time--like risotto balls with cheese in the middle, fried, and served with great sauces. Now they are no longer on the menu :-( I'll be back when I'm craving this type of big cheesy pizza-y pasta-y meal. It's also good for take out.
All Bucas weren't created equally except for their humongous food portions. Historically, the Palo Alto Buca was one of the original three locations opened in 1996 before the company went public and began trading its own stock under NASDAQ. Our closest family friends suggested eating lunch at Buca Di Beppo in Palo Alto this past Sunday. Reservations weren't made and we didn't have to because the place was practically empty at 11:30pm. We met our friends in the front and proceeded inside. There was a narrow walkway leading up to a fancy wooden podium with their kitchen visible to the right. It took three hosts a few minutes to figure out which table was available. Three? After we followed the bleach blond host to our table, he handed us our menus. There was actually only three rooms besides the bar area from what I noticed and tables were cramped together. There were four adults and one child so we sat in a table for six. When our waitress came out, she made sure our questions were answered and took our order for drinks. Our table ordered one iced tea, a watermelon Italian soda, a strawberry Italian soda, and waters for everyone else. When the drinks came out, our friend asked for a small cup for her son to share. The waitress brought out a separate kiddie to-go cup and straw. After considering our waitress' recommendations of food portion sizes, this is what we ordered: *Appetizers: Buca Trio Platter with Pan Fried Fresh Mozzarella, Fried Calamari, and Stuffed Mushrooms: Three golden brown fried mozzarella triangles, three large stuffed mushrooms, and two dozen pieces of fried calamari and squid with three sauce sides of pesto, marinara and tartar sauces. The platter was large and hearty great for four people. Filling. Small Chopped Antipasto Salad: A colorful spring presentation of chopped lettuce tossed with red onions, salami, whole olives, and a light vinaigrette sauce. Crunchy and delicious. *Main Course: Large Linguine Frutti di Mare: Fit for 5 people, the linguine was centered in the middle with a big helping of seafood surrounding the noodles covered in red marinara sauce. There were more than a dozen steamed mussels, lots of calamari, cooked shrimp, and bits of garlic. The marinara consistency wasn't too watery and just right. Hearty. Overall, the meal was terrific with more than enough food to feed everyone. Food came out quickly as soon as it was ordered. Customer service, on the other hand, needed some work. When we asked other waitresses for chili flakes for the linguine, she didn't bring it out even though she acknowledged our request. We saw the other waitress pass us up a few times. Then we asked the host when we saw him and he just ran around the corner. The third time was a charm when we found our waitress and she still took too long to come out with a simple request. I don't think I'll ever be back on my own reconnaissance. If someone suggested going as a group, I might go as an alternative for another experience, hopefully better next time.
excellent excellent food. the calamari appetizer was ordered, and i was deliriously happy.  it was perfectly prepared. i truly did not want to share, but my dinner companions thought otherwise. i chose the ravioli - it has since become my favourite dish. absolutely to die for.    the tomato sauce was not overwhelming, as i could taste many of the herbs, & spices used in the marinara sauce. really great flavour - my taste buds were in heaven. i like that food was piping hot when it brought to the table. a bit crowded in the seating dept., but then it gave the place a homey atmosphere, and i like that.  the wait staff didn't rush my party, even tho' we chatted a bit longer then we should have.
I had an event there the other week. We reserved tables for 50 people and the dinner meal was $18 per person. For some reason with tip and tax, it all racked up to be $30 per person. I'm guessing my friends added dessert to that. Anyways, our reservation was at 6pm and we were gladly welcomed to our seats. We went upstairs and had about 3 long tables set up with utensils and plates. They eagerly asked us if we needed anything! The service was pretty good (star)! We ordered Cesar salad, cheesy bread, chicken Parmesan, penna pasta, and cheesecake. It was pretty simple. I was a bit disappointed because I thought there would be more options, but it was ok. The food was good! (star) I especially enjoyed the chicken Parmesan! I liked the ambiance too! (star). If you haven't been here yet, the whole restaurant is filled with funny, unique, retro pictures. In example, there was a big picture of all these girls eating spaghetti solely with their mouths. Obviously, it was messy getting all over themselves. That was pretty funny! Also, in one of the rooms they have a lazy Susan where a POPE figurine is places smacked in the middle of the turntable. =] You get the picture! THUMBS UP for the cool ambiance! Well there it is! BUCA, i like it, but i don't love it! THREE STARS!
I'm not a huge BDB fan...  but this location is pretty nice.  The food and service here is better than most BDBs.  The bathroom was nice.
I organized a birthday dinner at Buca's per the request of the birthday girl. We had about 30 people attending and it was such an ordeal. I've heard only good things about Buca so I thought at least the food would be good. I thought wrong the food was pretty bland. I guess I have higher expectation for Italian food because everything I tried was not that good. We had a pretty good variety too so I was able to try a few items--the spaghetti, salmon pesto, & eggplant parmigiana. Nothing stood out for me...I think the best part about that dinner was the cake I brought from Goldilocks.
This is a perfect place to go if you have a big group of fun, hungry friends.  The plates are huge and yummy.  Don't go here with 2 people and expect fine dining.
The food is A-OK. You're greeted with a feeling of a backdoor eatery as you enter through the restaurant's kitchen. I visited the Palo Alto location with large group and it could not have been better. We sampled a little of everything and the family style service was exceptional. Buca di Beppo is jam-packed with Italian memorabilia. It has loads of personality but can feel a bit contrived if stop and think about it. The pasta dishes were cooked well with true Italian flavors and ingredients like sausage and artichokes. Dishes such as chicken parm and lemon chicken with capers taste as good as anything out there. In fact the Lemon Chicken was surprising tender. Family favorites like this should be shared in the joyous atmosphere like Buca''s. You can tell that lasting memories are created here as cacophonous laughter fills the air.
I love this place.  I was always scared of coming here without a big group of people.  Too bad I don't have any friends.  But I do have a girlfriend and she hates to see me eat alone.  So bam.  We come here get drunk and eat a lot of really great food.  Chicken parm is the best.  So is whisky but that is readily available everywhere.  Thanks to my baby.
Gather your gumbas and head here for a hearty meal family style.  This is a fantastic place for a group to dine.  Wait staff hoist heaps of food onto tables all over the place.  There's really no such thing as a "small" or "on the side" at Buca's.  It's all piled on top --- from pasta like the Macaroni Rosa to the classic Spaghetti Meatballs (we're talking meatballs as big as your head!), everything here is delicious.  The atmosphere is fun, there is all sorts of Italy-connected memorabilia lining the walls.  The staff is nice.  It's not a fine dining experience but, you'll have fun here.
Went for a group dinner and late arranged for another group lunch with about 20 people. Great price and offerings for their location.
Buca Di Beppo is one of the best places to have a large group of friends share a dinner.  The food is conducive to family style, pretty good for what it is, and the atmosphere is generally festive.  Sometimes they won't let you sit until more than half your party is there, and other times, there's quite a long wait even if you have a reservation.  But after a few liters of chianti, who cares? =P
Ok, listen, if you're looking for 5 star Italian food why are you going to Buca?  The one thing Buca does really well is pack you full of good Italian food and send you on to your next stop..  The meat balls are massive.  I like balls.  Is it authentic?  Probably not.  Is Buca fun?  Most of the time!  For big groups wanting American Italian food you can't beat it.  Just watch out if you order the veal parm, you may never even get a bite!
A noisy and busy place insufficiently staffed last ime I was there. The salty food comes in huge portions, and it's a good place if you  have lots of people who want decent cheap food.  Many years ago, the service was so bad that we gave the waiter no tip; he turned this the $0.00 into a $6.00. Pretty sleazy. Hopefully he has advanced to emptying sludge from mechanic shops (or serving time for creative accounting at one of the big firms.)   Hint: You can make reservations (which are often necessary), they just don't advertise this. Nice Italian-American music. Not a good place for a date!
You must get the garlic bread (enough for 4 people) and/or the bruchetta if you love garlic and tomatoes. The pizzas are pretty tasty (nice thin crust!) and the caesar salads are great. Make sure you bring an appetite because you're going to need it. A doggie bag will work too, and then you'll be set for your next 3 meals. Don't count on getting seated anytime soon on a Thurs, Fri, Sat, or Sun.
my huney and i like coming here and getting drunk. honestly, that's what we do. we also like the apple gorgonzola salad and the chicken parm. so good. but not spectacular. but fun, and i like the bar. and the cheesy decorations/photos on the wall. this is the type of place that sorta caters to families and large groups. but tito and i have discovered the beauty of just splitting 1 (maybe 2) appetizers and an entree. not to mention a bottle of vino! i heart sofia loren.
Love the food and the fun atmosphere, but not crazy about the long wait, inconvenient parking, the sketchy service at this location.  I prefer going to the one at Oakridge Mall where there is less of a wait, valet parking is available and customer service is better.
So, I was torn writing this review because I loved Buca di Beppo over the past few years...and then, they dropped the ball BIG-TIME on my birthday dinner! Be sure to ask for a waiter who's familar with the Buca di Beppo style, ie who'll tell your group how dishes to order, etc. Pros: -loud ambiance -yummy food (brushette, penne campefiorna, pizza) -great ambiance and dish sizes for large groups -walking distance to bars and clubs for after-dinner events -they'll seat you when most of your group has arrived. You don't need to wait for everyone. -For 21 ppl, we spent ~$15/person Cons: -our waiter, which has never happened before. The waiter didn't do the typical BdB speel. So, as the birthday girl, it was my job to go around my table of 21 folks and explain the premise of Buca di Bepo (large family style dishes), gather drink orders, ask for appetizer and entree choices.   This isn't how I envisioned talking with my friends. At the beginning, our waiter came twice to ask us to buy wine and then disappeared after we said 'Later.'  He wrote down drink orders, after I asked him to. He refused to tell me approximately how many dishes we needed. Unsure, we started with 3; his response was that another table of 20 ordered 20 dishes. How unhelpful and as a result, we were short of food.  We also got the impression that he was more concerned about increasing the bill than making sure we had enough food and a good time.
I came here for the first time in 2008 with one of my best friends Andrew. I fell in love that second we walked in. The entrance to Buca is the kitchen which I think is so cool and the host gives you a tour and a little insight of the history here if it's your first time dinning here. We took the tour and I enjoyed it. After that the we were seated. By looking at the menu I knew at that point we were going to share whatever we were going to order. The serving sizes were huge!! A small dish can feed 2-4 people and a large can feed 5-8 people. Andrew and I ordered the small Garlic Bread and Fettuccine Alfredo. I loved the decor through out the restaurant it gave it that italian feel to it as if you were actually in Italy. The food was fantastic! The service was excellent! The employees were helpful and very nice. Overall I give this place 5 stars.
I love bucca, especially the atmosphere and Italian music. I went here with my boyfriend for his birthday and I love the bruschetta, soooo good! love this place
walking into this place, i sorta got confused. the entrance goes through the kitchen? another lady looked at me too all confused as she walked out. what a mafia-style entrance.. anyway, its a great place for a good grab bag of people. the atmosphere is loud and fun and everyone is friendly so if it's your birthday, you get the spotlight and have the whole restaurant sing to you. there were 15 of us so we ordered 2 large bowls of pastas, 2 appetizers, 2 salmon and 2 steak, and since its family style we thought we would be able to finish everything.. serious carb overload. most of us were on diets doing that whole no-carb thing, so maybe choosing this restaurant wasnt such a good idea. but.. birthday boy wanted to go here... and plus each of us had enough leftovers to cover for the whole month.. food was ok. had nibbles here and there and got full after one of those stuffed mushrooms which were pretty tasty. by the end of the night, everyone's eyes were half open, slouching on their chairs, no more talking, but just mellowing out.  happy birthday jr.
took my son and his buddies for 21st BD /graduation (community college) and ordered way too much for group, our servers were Josh and Nathan-very wonderful, but not always attentive.  i initially wanted 6:00PM reservations and Danielle said there were too many and that 5:30pm would work.  When we had a nice upstairs booth there were plenty of empty tables for 8-10 at least three I counted until 7:00PM-food was good, but not great-especially the pasta with seafood which we were urged to order a large, but we had way too much food.  When they packed the food up the containers leaked through to my car seat-NOT GOOD!
Haven't been here in a while, but a great loud place for loud groups and fun times and good family... Read more 
service very slow this time.. very so dissapointed and no waiter to take care our table. food so so nothing special but big portion. I would find another place better but if i want to save money then I just decide to go here
It's not the best Italian I've ever had I like their seafood tomato pasta yummy! taste good and... Read more 
I first experienced Buca back in Chicago, where I'd rate it a strong 3.5 stars. The atmosphere is cool, the food is pretty good and prices are reasonable for the portion size. The PA branch is pretty faithful but service can be rather spotty, hence only 3 stars. Still, it's one of my go-to places when I have a group of friends hungering for Italian food.
Oh bucca, what has happened to the Spinach salad?  This used to be my main reason for coming in to eat here!!!  I was so disappointed to see it gone from the menu!  You must bring it back!!! I came in this past weekend with a group of people and the food was pre-ordered by the hostess of our party so to be fair, a lot of food was probably not what I would have ordered. The spaghetti was so so, the cheese raviolis require a stomach of steel and the chicken parmesan was dry and skimpy. Okay now on to the better.... The spicy shrimp dish was very good.  It had a lot of heat and was also big on flavor.  The chicken vegetable fettucini was good as well.  There were two different types of  salads ordered and although they can't begin to compare with the  spinach salad that used to be on the menu, they were pretty good. This restaurant is great for large parties with it's fun party like atmosphere and friendly staff and servers.
simply put- food is good, service is strange. came here last night for a late dinner. my co-worker made reservations for five and was the first to arrive. when the rest of us came we were immediately directed to our table where our hostess practically screamed  at her to get up and move for already being seated at the table. after explaining to the hostess that we were a part of the same party she quickly left back to her post without an apology. service through out the night was equally strange and slow. our waiter brought out one glass of water and never returned. a new waiter showed up half an hour later to finally take our food and beverage orders. another half an hour passed before the food was finally served. there was a bus boy that was really nice though, and brought us several baskets of fresh warm bread through out the meal. the layout of this particular location is a bit strange. upon entrance it just looks like you're hitting up the kitchen and towards the back there's a few tables and the rest of it seems to be hidden away upstairs. this place was convinient cause i work just down the street, but for the future if i'm in the mood for buca i much prefer the oakridge location in san jose. the quality and food taste is exactly the same.
It has been ages since my last Buca experience. Small is big. Huge is extra large. Bottomless raspberry lemonade too. You never get out of here without a to-go box. My sis treated me out to a post-birthday lunch. We shared a small order of bruschetta that could feed 4 people. Fresh tomatoes, fresh basil, fresh garlic, fresh bread--ahh soo good! Just the way I like it. We also shared a huge tray of Penne Campofiore, a vegetarian pasta, sans the Romano cheese and subbed with wheat pasta instead since my sis is a vegan. Unfortunately the dish came out with cheese and there was no way my sis could eat it. So they took it back and had to remake. The head chef came out and apologized. It was very nice of him. But at the same time, what a waste...the huge tray of pasta could've fed a whole village in Africa.  BUT vegan is vegan. If you're one, you'd understand. Apparently the cheese was actually essential to the taste, so the dish unfortunately came out tasting a little bland. So for my portion, I added cheese and voila :) We also had a side of green beans in lemon and olive oil...sounds boring but it was actually pretty good!
I love their chicken marsala, it's delicious and memorable. Their eggplant parmasean was also stunning. I did not like their seafood pasta or linguini with clams at all though. I think it's the way they cook their pasta in tin foil in the oven.
This review is for the to go counter only. Always the risk taker, I called up the Palo Alto Buca di Beppo today to place a pick-up order as I was leaving a grocery store in Redwood City with a grocery bag full of ice cream.  It was in full faith that I believed the 3 lb. bag of frozen peas I had bought would shelter and keep firm my confectionary delights for the next hour as I picked up the food and then started on the drive home.  I asked the guy taking the order how long it would take for my food to get ready.  "15-20 minutes," he said.  "Perfect," said I, "I'll be there in 15-20 minutes." 15-20 minutes later found me attempting to enter Buca di Beppo through what seemed like the kitchen.  Confused, I backed out and looked for another entrance, only to realize this was the only door.  Hesitant but always the risk taker (see above), I re-entered but nearly left again until I saw a bemused blonde lady who confirmed that this was indeed the entrance.  After that minor delay, everything else was as smooth as butter on a hot summer's day (but thank God not, as I still had ice cream in the car).  The guy in the to go booth was on point.  He quickly pulled up my order and knew I had the "gift card"/coupon even before I handed it to him (I was palming it).  He called his manager on his headset  to come and approve it, and when his manager didn't immediately come, he apologized and left his booth to go get his manager himself.  Not more than a few minutes after that and I was rung up, given change, and already out the door with my (humongous "small") order of fettuccine supremo. All in all, I give this Buca di Beppo's to go (and I guess namely this guy ...although I am not sure of his name) the 5 stars since I was really impressed with the level of service and timeliness.  From the moment I called (I *think* it was the same guy- he was very nice and helpful over the phone and never once snippy when I asked for recommendations), to his efficiency and initiative, and finally, to the fact that he actually got out his booth a second time to go get my food and hand it to me.  Props to you, to go guy in booth, and I hope your boss recognizes this and rewards you for it. As for the fettuccine supremo with the chicken, broccoli and bell pepper, it was very tasty and much better than I expected.  I have tried a few of their other dishes, and this was the best (even the macaroni rosa, which for some reason is always recommended but tastes totally bland to me).  And what did I do after I ate my fettuccine supremo?  I finished off my meal with some perfectly frozen ice cream....
Best buca ever! Love the atmosphere and the waiters know my parents because they go here so often. Definitely love the buca tres colores cake and the chicken bacon pasta (for the pasta, I'm vegetarian) and calamari. Their mozzarella is so YUM!
This place is fantastic. I have eaten there enough times to become chummy with the owner. The decorum is in your face loud, the atmosphere is noisy, the smells are heavenly and it's agreat experience averytime I go there. Maybe it's not for everyone... But its for me... The portions are huge and enough to feed a small army. This place celebrates food and that's what Italian eating is all about... Enjoying food with friends, family, good wine and good song. I highly recommended this place for parties, for family dinners, for outings with friends or just for plain fun. If you are a true fan of Bucca Di Beppo. Ask for the Pizza De Beppo Special. They no longer offer it but if you are kind and ask a day in advance you may just get your wish. I will not tell you wants on it. You will have to message me for that.
eh. i ate here to see what the fuss is all about... i seriously must've gone here on an off-day. i went here for lunch during the week... NO ONE else in the restaurant. at the time and the newbie waiter apologized saying it was previously busy blah blah blah and was overwhelmed blah blah blah.  still doesn't makeup for the fact it took OVER AN HOUR for the food to come, gave dirty dishes, and lagged on getting the food... for two people! food was okay.. but man i nearly walked out of here before the food came. i think the waiter thought i was going to rip him a new one.. as he seemed scared as hell he was going to get fired. (he asked me repeatedly not to get him fired) the manager apologized and took the delayed order off my bill.... but don't think i'll be coming back here! EDIT (5/1): They switched my debit card with someone else's and that person ran off with it and made charges to my card !!!!!!!  BLEH!  I had to go through the hassle of cancelling my card.  Don't go here! While I'm sure this wasn't intentional - WHAT A CARELESS MISTAKE! You don't mess with people's debit cards! It wasn't even a busy day! RE-TRAIN YOUR EMPLOYEES!
If you're super hungry and you're in the mood for some italian food, this is the place.   The waiting list is kinda long though, so you might want to go to gordon biesch for drinks.   It's a family style kind of place, so expect HUGE portion of food.   We couldn't finish our food and had to box it, and it took me 2 days to finish it!    Their tiramisu is pretty good, so save room for it.
My true rating is 1 1/2. My fiance and I came to Buca di Beppo in celebration of an anniversary.  Upon arrival,  I thought we were headed towards what looked like the entrance, but became quickly became confused as we entered and saw the kitchen.  Huh?  Are we at the front or back of the restaurant?  The hosts saw the confusion on our faces and waved us to walk through (uh...okay).  We quickly were seated (only 6pm, Monday night).  We were craving Chicken with Lemon so we ordered a single order which clearly stated feeds two people and fettuccine alfredo.  We also ordered the Apple Gorgonzola Salad (very good).  After enjoying this tasty salad, we anxiously awaited our main dish.  Upon arrival of our main dish, we see two small pieces of chicken breast which were each the size of my fist!  (For a visual, make a fist and you'll experience the dismay we did)  OMG...this entree feeds two adults???? HUH?  When did this family-style restaurant start serving such minuscule portions to two grown adults?  This is not what we expected.  The chicken did taste great, but come on, after the first three bites, I was more than half-way done with my meal! Anyway, here is a breakdown of my rating: 1/2 star to our waiter 1/2 star for the tasty chicken 1/2 star for the tasty salad I didn't want to overstate my rating my giving two stars, because after this visit, the food really isn't worth it. If you decide to go to Buca di Beppo, go to their San Francisco location.  Everything about the BDB in SF is completely different and you'll definitely leave stuffed, unlike myself as I type this review.
Just went here on a double date, and I had a wonderful experience once again! :) Went for dinner, and luckily the restaurant wasn't very crowded, so we got a table in less than 5 minutes. First we were seated at a table with individual seats, but I preferred sitting in a booth (better way to sit more intimately with our dates, and it's just comfier in my opinion!), and the person who seated us was very friendly and kind about moving us to a booth. He even told us not to be afraid to ask for anything because they weren't that busy at the time anyway. That was very cool of him. We ordered an appetizer of some tomatoes over bread, which was a good starter, and the tomatoes were very tasty. Then we shared two dishes of pasta and ate together family style, which went perfectly. There was just enough amount of portions for all of us to be contently full. The pastas were both delicious :). For dessert, the other couple ordered the big brownie sundae thing, and my date and I picked the cannoli dish. The cannoli was alright, but a little weird tatsing for my preference, and the portion was more than enough. The brownie sundae thing was HUGE! I guess they didn't realize until after ordering that on the menu it was written for up to 8 people for one serving. But nonetheless, it was fun sharing the big thing together, and taking funny pictures with it too :). Our waitress was very friendly and served us well, joking with us and making sure we were satisfied with everything, as well as giving us enough time to choose our dishes when wondering what to order. The manager of the restaurant also stopped by our table a few times checking in on us and being very friendly, joking around with us as well. Customer service here is great, definitely 5 stars! The layout and decorations of the restaurant is very cute, comfortable, and homey. The hundreds of wine bottles covering the ceiling was pretty cool and creative too (even though my date pointed out that being there during an earthquake would probably be a nightmare!). Overall, a great place to enjoy lots of big portions of good italian food at!
Very satisfying meal!!!! =) The atmosphere is very lively and makes you feel like you are a part of a... Read more 
I went here last week with a group of 10. We had to wait a little bit after our reservation time, but the employees were extremely nice to us. Our one waiter was really engaging and polite (forgot his name, but he has long hair), and was very good on timing and giving us lots of extra pitchers of free lemonade. Food was pretty delicious (among it was lasagna and an apple salad). Not sure how "authentic" it was, but I'm not that pretentious so it was all good lol One sort of bad thing was that seating was a bit cramped, so your group had better like each other!
All the wait staff here look like Eastern European child prostitutes (this is a bad thing), who are probably itching to tell you it's been 4 months, 13 days and 3 hours since they last touched heroin. I'm not sure I could trust a restaurant where the waitresses obviously don't eat the food, maybe they aren't allowed, maybe the get beaten if they do.  I wish their cruel Hungarian chieftain would have threatened me with a beating before I considered eating there, would have saved me a few nasty looks from my significant other, you know, the ones you get when she's "proving her love" by not leaving the room when you let a few choice notes rip. It's not that there was anything wrong with the food, or the decor, for that matter.  It was actually a somewhat pleasant experience.  It just bore too many similarities with the euro-snuff film "Hostal".  At any moment you just knew the barbiturates put in your food by the skeletal wait-staff would kick in and you would wake up to a metal poker being stuck into your lungs. The feeling of visiting this restaurant is analogous to a visit to the now ghetto Blue Chalk cafe, or the pre-Blue Chalk "date night" hangout, the Cheesecake Factory.  That's right, I just dissed your favorite Palo Alto hangouts.  You see, these are all terrible tacky places, and please, please keep going to them. ...but I digress.  If you grew up in the Midwest and like to pour salt over every meal, Buca is the place for you.  It's also quite reasonably priced, and the quality will do.  Do for whom?  If you walked through the doors, it shall do for    you.
I had one of the worst service experiences ever!  We went for a fun dinner - a family member worked there 10 years ago so a return to the roots of sorts.  We were told that it was a 45 minute wait for a table and went to check on things 45 minutes later and were told we had an hour wait - did we go backwards?  We waited another 40 minutes and were seated at last.  We ordered two entrees for three of us (portions are huge there) and only one came.  The other, a pizza, aparently was burned while baking - they didn't tell us this, we had to track down the manager who said he would give it to us free.  This was of course after 3 hours there.  He also did not even apologize.  Keep your pizza, your mediocre food, and terrible service!
We have gone to this Beppo location since it first opened years ago.  OVer the years, the service and quality of food were always great.  Today, most everything was quite poor.  The "greeter" looked like a mortician, no smile, uttering a dull "follow me".  My wife and two kids were shown to a small table in the back back room, a table that looked like it was in the way of foot traffic. After 10 minutes of sitting and waiting, we got up and reminded a manager that we were actually there.  Then a waiter who we've never seen before showed up, didn't apologize, took our orders (which we had decided upon much earlier) and went off. The calimari and caeser salad were quite good.  We then flagged the waiter down and asked for the bread, oil and vinegar which used to come proactively when we sat down in the past. Our entrees showed up, chicken saltimboca (too salty), fettuccine supremo (rather bland), and some pizza for the kids (fine).  However, dirty appetizer plates were left on the table until the very end. Oh, and we ordered a entree to go when we ordered the rest of the food, but instead of delivering it with the check (common sense at most restaurants), they delivered the bag with our entrees, only to sit and cool under our small table next to our feet. Drink refills?  You had better fire a flare to get a waiters attention.  Or call the front desk with your cell phone to have them bring the waiter. We left a tip that communicated our assessment of the service and will not return anytime soon.  Many better offerings around the area. It's a shame.  Beppo used to be so good.
I don't like this place. I get dragged here by groups, and it's barely good for that. It's loud. An Italian TGI Friday. Supersized family-style servings with plenty of garlic, carbs, and red gravy. More like Buca di Pepto. "Beppo" is a nickname for "Guiseppe", so the direct translation for "Buca Di Beppo" would be "Hole Of Guiseppe", or "Guiseppe's Hole", where Guiseppe hangs, also Joe's Basement. Rather ironically appropriate, huh?
giant portions of garbage are still garbage.. bland and mediocre. i felt like everything i had was overcooked as well... bleck bleck Pesto? more that WORSTO not expensive... but i guess you get what you pay for... please stay away.
We had the San Remo pasta... and it was okay, but the service... was not great at all... we saw our waitress a total of like 3-4 times during our entire dinner?? Not cool. And when we first walked in nobody even paid any attention to us two gorgeous ladies (ha, kidding), until we opened our mouths and asked to be seated...what's up w/ that? =( And not like it was all poppin' and busy. =/
Buca di squisito. I try to come here with groups of people to have a meal and chit-chat. I love coming here when I can to have a fun meal with some friends or a wonderful date. When you want lots of food, or a great desert, this is the place I go.
Mediocre food, average prices. Very gimmicky, little elbow room. Good for families with young kids, but otherwise ick.
This is the first time we have been to Buca Di Beppo in Palo Alto so I am not sure what to expect. We had lunch with a group of 7 people and was assigned to a weird seat arrangement. I wish they could have sit us on an open table and not 6 of us in a bench and 1 of the left out.  I had the seafood pasta and it was ok. I wish the waiter could top up the bread since the food took a while and we were hungry. Street parking is challenging so I suggest the Free covered parking at the Civic center behind the restaurant which is just 3 minutes walk.
I really really wanted to dislike this place, but theres something about it thats so much fun! The food is SO GOOD!! Just make reservations, then no waiting around :) Theres a lotta random crap on the walls like pictures and random paintings, so Im always staring at the wall there hahah! You can always spot the drunk familys and it is really loud there also. But its a great time, you can just let loose there and have a good ol drunk time :)
I went there with a $10 off coupon and have enough pasta for three meals.  And that was the 'small' portion.  Economically, the trip worked out.  However, I might have gotten three equally delicious meals with a can of Ragu.
Forget it, stay home and make your own pasta.   If it wasn't for the fact that I was on a romantic first date here, I would hate this place.  The food portions are too big and uninventive.  I felt like I was in an italian-american garage sale mess hall.  What's up with the bartender's mustache up-do?
While this can be a good place to go with groups, I never feel that it is worth the hassle. I will only go with large groups. This is not a date place! First the food. It consists of huge portions of reasonably priced average food. The very first time I went there with my wife, we both ordered an entree. Not only did it feed us diner, but lunch the next day, and diner the next night. My rule would be order half the number of entrees for the number of people you have (ie 8 people oder 4 entrees). The atmosphere is busy. It is loud and bustling. On weekends there is always a wait filling up the entry way by the kitchen and overflowing outside. The host looks down from his/her pedestal (literally) and makes you feel like he/she is doing you a favor by giving you a table. Reservations mean little here. You will wait; maybe 20 minutes, maybe an hour. Do check out the ode to the male organ in the men's bathroom
Cheap pasta. Be sure to underorder - everything is way too big. Meatballs rock. It's just dinner. Don't be a hater.
If you like having a stomach ache and watching 20-somethings drink too much cheap wine, you've found your restaurant.
Long waits, complete lack of a waiting area where your reservation will be honored an hour after the actual time and they pack you in there like sardines.  No need to loosen your belt since you will be so close to the darn table that there is no room for your stomach to expand anyway. All this and still 4 stars you may ask?  Their chicken parmigana is so good that I would consider licking it off the floor. If you like your mashed potatoes with a pool of butter rather than gravy then this is the place for you.  Absolutely sinful!  I wouldn't think of ordering mashed potatoes in an Italian restaurant but these are the best.  Just work out extra hard the next day as the extra calories you will consume here are well worth it. Go ahead and bring the kids.  They can stand on the table and scream and not even be noticed since the noise in there is like eating on the tarmack of SFO.
Food tastes great! Service is good. Will definitely come again.
Good place to go with groups ... the food is ok and the atmosphere is loud.
This is always great for groups and most of their menu is very solid. However, I am very partial to their fried calamari. It is absolutely delicious and lots of it!
this place is great for groups.  Go w/ an appetite cuz the portions are huge!  Lots of cool stuff to look at on the walls, food is average at best.  check it out at least once.
The food isn't good, and certainly not authentic Italian, it caters to huge party groups, and has never been more than a bland, self-serving experience.  Almost any Italian in the area is better than this.
I dread this place, but can't be picky when it's a celebration.  I think this location is a wee-bit better than the SF location on Howard, at least the caesar isn't gritty.  I think the only think I really enjoyed was the wine, which kept me sane during the meal, and the eggplant parmigiana-it's pretty hard to mess this one up. Oh, and don't wear your new threads to this place, because you'll reek of primavera sauce.
I had a good time there. The food was great and our waiter was nice too...The only thing I'd like to crib about would be the small portions of the Large appetizer.... that sucked!
Good place for a large group but oh my aching stomach.
4 star for size, 3 star for  taste & long wait.
I needed a place big and loud enough to accommodate 15 people because I was throwing a farewell dinner for a co-worker. So what other place would be better than Buca's? 5 of us arrived and Buca's was able to seat us at the table because I was in no mood to wait for all 15 people to show up. This girl was HUNGRY!! We were instantly greeted by our waitress who was super sweet and accommodating. We got some waters and a bottle of a white wine she recommended. Here's the line-up: -Buca Trio Platter - fried calamari, pesto bucacini and prosciutto stuffed mushrooms ($21.49): the pesto bucacini was the best...don't exactly know what it is but it looks like this stuffed, fried, ball -Apple Gorgonzola Salad - tart Granny Smith apples, spiced walnuts, dried cranberries and Gorgonzola cheese tossed with fresh Romaine lettuce and our Italian vinaigrette (Lg = $17.99): light and fresh, very tangy with the apples. I'd definitely order this salad again. -Lasagna (Sm = $14.99): eh...Stouffer's is much better and tastier -Linguine Frutti Di Mare - shrimp, baby clams, mussels and calamari, tossed with spicy red clam sauce, imported Italian linguine and extra crushed red pepper (Lg = $29.99): eh...but I'm not a fan of this kind of seafood, but everyone seemed to love it. -Penne Arrabbiata - penne with spicy Italian fennel sausage in a fiery tomato sauce, garnished with Romano cheese (Sm = $15.99): I didn't think it was spicy, but others did. -Chicken Parmigiana - breaded chicken breasts sauteed and then baked with thinly sliced prosciutto, bruschetta and provolone cheese. Served on a bed of our homemade marinara sauce (Lg = $25.99): this is the one dish I remember from Buca's. It's always done perfectly with the chicken breast moist and tender. I'd order this again. -Finocchiona Pizza - featuring finocchiona salami, red and green peppers, Kalamatas, red onions, feta, provolone and mozzarella atop homemade pizza sauce (Lg= $19.99): YUM! Has a big and bold flavor, nice thin crust, lots of toppings...what more would you want? -Dolce Platter - medley of favorites, including Double Dark Chocolate Cake, Homemade Cheesecake, Tiramisu and a seasonal favorite which was an apple pie for us ($31.99): Tiramisu was light and rum-alicious! the chocolate cake was a bit dry and I never got a chance to taste the cheesecake or the apple pie. We literally stuffed ourselves and had leftovers. Some dishes would warrant a repeat visit because they were YUM, but others I'd have to pass. It's a great place for big groups where you won't have to worry how rowdy your diners get. They were able to accommodate our request of ordering large sized portions, but splitting it into two dishes to put at each end of our long, rectangular table. If I need to throw another large event, I'd definitely come back...not necessarily for the great food, but more for the atmosphere and portions.
i'd have to say i like th howard st. location a lot better.  i've been going to that location for dinner for years.  the service in PA is pretty slow and i think the staff at the SF location are just more... more... happier?  a few highlights from our lunch today: - ceaser salad.  usually love it, but it was pretty limp - my ravioli was really undercooked.  hey, i know the difference between undercooked, al dente and over cooked.  this was way undercooked. - snaps for letting me substitute my pomodoro sauce for the spicy meat sauce. - we were a group of 6 and one of our companions waited so long for her food, everyone was done eating by the time she got it.  snaps to the waiting for not charging us for it.  he felt bad. - the chicken was missing from someone's salad. - the waiter forgot he owed us free gelato.  they give you a free mini scoop here at lunch.  i'm glad we reminded him, because it was really good. overall, i'd probably go back for the big portions.  you pay a lot less at lunch and it's a really good deal.  i just wish the service was quicker.
where else can you feed 10 people for under 100.00. We went here as a large party ordered two salads, egg plant, pizza, and some type of meat dish and we all left stuffed, happy, and with a very happy teacher (he was footing the bill). After visiting other locations I am ever so pleased with the Palo Alto location. This place is fun, family style, decently priced, and the food was rich (but good).
Acceptable but not amazing.  Big, edible portions.  Their house merlot is gross.
upon entering, you will see an open kitchen to the right...this will entice you to order everything on the menu due to its delicious aromas seeping out of the front door and throughout the restaurant... the theme of this restaurant is: family style - meaning everyone shares everything because the portions are really enormous. this was definitely an experience and a half!  our waiter who was strangely tall and really odd (i dont think he was sober at the time).  he served us a couple of pizzas, garlic bread, large salad, and a large plate of spaghetti and meatballs.  I don't  believe in fresh meatballs...only because they never taste as good as when you let it marinate for a few hours after cooked... overall, the experience was quite overwhelming, but warm nonetheless...
Buca di beppo is great for large gatherings, but sometimes it gets awfully crowded.  not the best italian food, but it's definitely tasty and you can't beat the ambience!
We love to go here and end up spending less than $20 because we always get a coupon from them for $10 off so it's always a great deal. We like the get the Spicky Chicken Rigatoni, delicious!! It's very large portions so lots to take home. The service isn't always great unfortunately, it really depends what time you go. If you're in at their busy time, you'll be waiting but the nice thing is that you can make reservations, highly reccommend making one ifyou're going at a busy time. The one thing that bothers me is that it's so loud there you can hardly hear yourself talk, but that's expected when it's busy.
This is a great place for a big group of family or friends. The food is solid, the portions are super-generous, and the overall value is excellent for downtown Palo Alto. Loud, rambunctious, festive atmosphere. good for a casual birthday party or simlar event. Very good traditional family stlye pasta, pizza, appetizers, entrees, and desserts. They get pretty slammed at dinner time and the service sometimes suffers. Be prepared to wait for a table. As other yelpers have mentioned, definitely not a date place. It is a good place to get together with friends and fill your bellies before a night on the town.
Not the best Italian restaurant but probably the best value. I went here once and had a bad experience with terrible service and havent ever gone back...the food is completely average but I do enjoy the decor of the place and the ambiance.
we got their cheesy garlic bread (one of their specials) - really yummy. for entrees, got their baked rigatoni and the lasagna... the vote's split half/half.  two of us liked the lasagna more, the other two liked the rigatoni more.  i personally thought the rigatoni was a little hard, but maybe that is what rigatoni is supposed to taste like.  the flavor on both were good though! what i didn't like ... was when the waiter was seating us at our table, he asked me if we came for a special occasion.  i had said it's my parents' 35th anniversary, carried a small convo with him about it even.  is it then wrong for me to expect some kind of small dessert / cake piece / acknowledgement from the restaurant, like a "happy anniversary"??  you would think that if you mention it's a "birthday" or "anniversary" to the waiter, that it in turn, would be communicated to the restaurant, and maybe there might be a celebratory dessert? perhaps i wasn't clear enough.. but food is decent, service is decent, prices are decent.  therefore, "A-OK" rating.
This is not the best Buca I have been to.  The food was pretty average and the busser assigned to our table was a little loony.  I will probably try it again in the future, but the visit I am basing this review on wasn't that great.
This Bucca is better than other Buccas I've been to (don't know why they would change that much, but it definitely seems to be the case).  I'm not a huge fan of the place, but I wouldn't refuse to go there if some friends wanted to go.  The food isn't authentic, but it tastes pretty good - as long as you aren't expecting real italian food.  I guess the Antipasta was the most authentic of anything there.
Two words: pope room
The greatest thing about Buca Di Beppo is the group dining. The portion of each dish is HUGE and perfect for passing around the table. The food is average. I only come here for birthday dinners or get-togethers with friends. Their chianti is pretty good, but pricey. The last time I was there, we had about 15 people in our group. I believe we ordered 2 bottles of chianti and 6 entrees. We finished most of the food and all of the wine. This place is just great for group, but I would not come here for regular dining. The quality of the food and the prices do not equal to each other.
Only if you patronize the pope room.
Saturday night my godfather wanted to take me, the boyfriend and the wild thing to dinner.  We arrive at 6:30 and the host tells us they're not accepting walk ins until 8! Bummer so we head back outside and 5 seconds later he waves us back in and seats us. What a sweetie pie. We start with the bruschetta which is not my thing but looked yummy and Jack ate it up. The cheesy garlic bread is soooooooooooo good. We shared the manicotti (which needed a weee bit more sauce), the gnocchi, and the prosciutto stuffed chicken. Delish we had a ton of leftovers and gobbled them up Sunday morning. My only issue is the entrance. Seriously lets have the entrance to our restaurant be through the kitchen. What a pain in the ass for the servers.
The enormous portions at this family style Italian restaurant were meant to be shared. However, dining with a large group is sometimes difficult since they don't accept reservations and tend to get crowded.
This place is fine for a family dinner, with a big group, cheap wine and lots of laughs and stories. Fun, family atmosphere aside, the pasta is very mediocre. Go somewhere else. Little Maggiano's is not much better.
I think this place is overrated, its huge portions of mediocre italian food, and very popular for big groups
so bucca's got mixed reviews, and i, for one, really like this place. it was always great fun to go with my family, and back in my meat-eating days, it was always the usual: linguine frutti di mare (seafood pasta), some kinda pizza (i forget) and a side of green beans with lemon and olive oil which is sooooo good that i now make it at home quite often. i came to this bucca probably two years ago (all veg now) and i'm still satisfied with the green beans. the garlic bread with mozzarella was also good. but the pizza we had seemed pretty much like a tomato cookie pie thing. whatever. it basically had large slices of tomatoes on it. meh. i guess it's best to go with people who have the same tastes as you so everyone can agree on the food and enjoy it. (instead of having majority meat dishes and splitting the bill equally even though you really didn't eat as much as everyone else did.) the decor is awesome. i love passing by the kitchen. oh, and be prepared to wait. i remember always having to wait a bit until getting seated. but in the end, it's alllll worth it.
What can I say? It's a Buca. Like all other buca's this particular one is no different. Large portions, good food and good service. We were in the mood for Italian last Saturday  so I took my family here for a nice Italian dinner. For a family of five it was surprisingly reasonable. With large portions of pastas pizzas and breads we even had enough left over for our lunch today. Essentially we paid for 2 sets of meals for the price of one. This is by no means a New York Spaghetti House but it's definitely ten times, head over heels better than say the Olive Garden or Pasta Pomodoro.
Family style, huge portions and tastey food.  Exquisite or lux? No.  Good for a hungry bunch and fun time? Yes.
You know, it's okay if you want a boat-load of pasta for not much really quickly because you're really hungry but really, there's no real need to go here, especially as there are so many other great Italian restaurants in Palo Alto in the same price range.
I've been there occasionally since they constantly sent local people coupons. I've also been to their chain stores in SF and Campbell several times. Love it's big portions of food. Very very big portion. Good food and love it's decoration!
I didn't really like this place too much. The menu was mediocre and the taste of each dish is quite simple. Nothing that strikes my tastebuds and make them dance. I guess this place is a nice place to go to if you have a big party that wants a lot of food. They give you a good portion for the price they charge. I am just not that type of person to want a huge quantity of food over quality. I prefer to eat small portions and have really good quality food. That's just me though. So if you like big portions and don't really care if the food is super delicious or not, then this is a good place to go for Italian food. BIG PORTIONS.
I've never been disappointed by Beppos! The family style dining is great for large groups and I thought the food was great. You do have to wait a while to get seated usually, but that never bothered me much. My favorite item on the menu is the gnocchi (potato dumplings) this is the only place I've been to that has them (other than my aunt's house).
I always love this place because of its portions.  No one should ever leave this place hungry. In terms of food quality, nothing is really exceptional or particularly notable, except the Chicken Marsala which is my personal favorite.  Garlic bread serves as a good appetizer.  Pizzas are of the thin style, and there is a good variety of them.  There is  the usual selection of pasta, in huge quantity.  The desserts aren't usually the best.  My rating of 3 stars reflects mostly the quality of food. Overall, this is a great place for groups.  Having a bunch of people sharing a seemingly unending amount food is one of life's great delights.
I've been to a couple other Bucas in the US. The staggering amount of food is great when you have a group out for just a night of having fun. It's loud, it's obnoxious but it's great when you're having some fun. Great for kids who are awed by the massive size of the food that comes in. Food tasting - it's not Mario Batali by any stretch of the imagination but it doesn't completely suck. The marinara isn't great - I can do better with my homemade sauce. But, the gnocchi isn't bad, it doesn't sit forever in your stomach like some that I've had at other Italian joints. The veal parm was a little too crunchy but not excessively chewy. The garlic bread is solely for those who adore garlic - which I do! The cheesecake was way yummy and the tiramisu wasn't too bad. The pizza con formaggio was on a nice crackery crust that we enjoyed. Our waiter was a great guy (I wish I had gotten his name - he reminded me of Bryan Cranston from "Breaking Bad") and busted his ass for the people in the rabbit warren of a dining area we were in. I'm not a huge fan of the fact we were waiting in the kitchen when we first got there but I suppose you work with what you got space wise.
Buca gives you lots of food for not too much money.  I think it's great for a group get together - where you can order a lot and try lots of dishes.  Not as useful for a party of two - cause one dish will already be too much (so you won't get variety).  I like the pizzas here cause they are thin crust.  Their pastas are fine but not refined or memorable.
A solid four stars. Good food and awesome prices. I always come here to split a spaghetti dish with a friend. It hits the spot and doesn't break the bank. It's a great atmosphere for large groups but can also be a fun spot for a casual date. I have come here multiple times and plan on coming again soon. And yes, the meatballs rock! Plus, who doesn't like to be reminded of the movie, "Lady and the Tramp"?
Love Buca di Beppo but not a particular fan of this particular one. The seating is very tight upstairs due to limited space. The service is good and food is good as well. Love the family style Italian food concept. It is a decent value for the price and is definitely good for groups.
I was meaning to try this place for a while because of three main reasons 1. the place always seems busy 2. I've heard from quite a few people that this place was good, and that I should try it at least once. 3. lastly, I had a 10$ off coupon so I figured why not. Here was our experience in order today: - Waited 20 minutes to be seated at 1:30 in the afternoon when there were open tables, and we were the only people waiting. - Ordered calamari appetizer that was served cold and soggy.  Calamari is one of those dishes that you can't really screw up because it is fried.  I think they either didn't have the oil hot enough, or they let it sit out too long before serving it to us. - After the calamari we ordered their pepperoni pizza.  The crust was good. However, there was so much oil resting on the top of the pizza that it was almost inedible.  The yellow grease literally was dripping all over the plate.  There was so much oil on the pizza that I had to blot it with my napkin. - After a sub-par meal we decided to order one cannoli.  The waiter gave us our check before we even received our desert and charged us for three cannolis instead of the one we ordered. After he fixed  the receipt it took 30 minutes for the cannoli to come out.  Did I mention the place wasn't even busy?  I mean we are the kind of people that like to be left somewhat alone, but not forgotten about.  The cannoli was a bit too sweet and the "drizzled chocolate" tasted more like Hershey's syrup. - Overall, this place is definitely a waste of time and money. HUGE CON: -The place was a mess: food on the floor, dirty silverware, unwashed table cloths, dust all over the various paraphernalia hanging everywhere.  I'm not quite sure why we ate here now.  Not too mention just for those three items the bill totaled  $34.00 ($9.95 calamari, $15.95 pizza, and $3.99 canolli). - Terrible service - no refill on water offered, no extra napkins given, left for 30 minutes at a time, waited forever to be seated while most of the restaurant was empty, billed for additional items not ordered, etc. etc. etc. Lastly, I'm not a "foodie," but I do like good food.  You couldn't pay me to eat here again.
I don't get it. Why do people love this place so much?  I have to admit that the decor is fun and quirky and we had amazing service when we were there but the food is SO blah.  I didn't love it my first time there but decided to give it another try and still felt the same way about the food.  Three stars for the atmosphere, service, and fairly yummy drinks.
for take out, the service is awful, the silly hostess stands on a podium like stand and I think they get such a power trip over it. Better to call in your order then go there to pick it up at the bar. For eating at the restaurant, service is great. They know how to handle kids running around, moving around, chaotic ordering, etc. Food is great, usually we share a small entree and a salad. Lot's of food for what you order.
ENORMOUS portions of tiramisu. That is pretty awesome. Weird to enter the restaurant through the ktichen. Can't they build a wall or something? Definitely walked in and out, thinking it was the wrong entrance. Service was okay. Do they not have crushed red pepper for pizza that isn't in individual packets? Seems like a waste of packaging to give individual packets.
This is one of Palo Alto's best choices for big, heavy, traditional Italian food and is perfect for the not-too-expensive, not-too-cheap typical Friday night out with a big group of friends. The servers are extremely friendly and the decor is eclectic in the family-restaurant way. The Tiramisu is surprising good, much better than Olive Garden's.
So you say your group can be, uh, LOUD?  No, not you.  Well Buca is the place where you can order a few dishes and just share.  The menu is on the wall and its loud in there.  Laugh, tell jokes, just go for it.  Feed each other if you want to.  The food is great and you seem to get carried away in your ordering - so be careful.
I freaking love Buca. My family and I eat here  often. Food is great, love the garlic bread and the servings are hefty. You'll have enough leftovers to last the week.  The atmosphere is festive, it can get a little busy but who cares. I hate dining in empty, quiet restaurants. The only thing that sucks is the parking.
2.5 stars if you're dining in a small group. Their service is way less attentive.  We were seated next to a larger group and the waiter would always just check on them and not ask us anything throughout the course of dinner (other than bring us our food).  Our water was not refilled, bread refills were skimpy - we had to ask, and when the refill came it was only enough for maybe 2 pieces each. If you're coming to buca's you probably want to make sure you have a larger group if you want to get good service.
Seems like we've been making more visits here as of late.  Its a good place for big group... Read more 
I have had good experiences here in the past but a couple of weeks ago I ordered a take out and selected their Pasta with Meatballs. Serving was huge but that's about all that was positive about it. Meatballs were grey and tasted as much. Yummy as concrete. It will take a long time before I return... /Mikael
I've eaten here a few times in the last 2 months but probably won't be going back anytime soon.   For a small group (2,3 people) I think it's quite overpriced.  i'd probably just go to a regular Italian restaurant for better quality food and just order individual plates rather than overpriced family style stuff.
it's not GREAT. it's decent tasting food at a decent price. the main draw here is that you can bring a large group of people for birthdays and celebrations and share various plates family style. i like the inviting, family atmosphere. don't be fooled by the 3-star rating of this place. nights can be packed and you can find yourself waiting 30 min. for a table at this place. definitely make reservations for larger parties.
I totally agree with the post below of me. Big portions, average prices. I only gave it a three stars because of good customer service. I would give 1 less if I knew it was a chain :(. Back to little Italy, SF.
Had dinner there tonight the the whole family and they didn't disappoint. The food was excellent and the service was just as good. I had the spaghetti with meatballs and it was wonderful. HUGE portion. The apple walnut salad was excellent. I'd definitey go again, but next time I'll bring a bigger appetite!
Good food and wine. Went there with a large group and had a fun time. Interesting decor. They're a bit fussy about adding extra chairs to a table though, one of us had to practically plead with them to do that.
portions are big prices are good service is meh..
This is a great place to get a meal when you want to have fun with your friends and family. I have gone multiple times with groups or just my parents, and we've always left on a good note. The food tastes good and it's great especially since it is not expensive. I'd definitely recommend it.
Food is great and the portions are gigantic. Great place for having large group dinners.  Always crowded and noisy.  I recommended warm tomato and spinach salad; garlic bread with mozzarella.
Yikes, not good by any means!!!  My husband and I went there last night.  He ordered a Sam Adams but was served a Fat Tire beer.  We ordered the eggplant parmigana.   It was served cold and with only a tiny amount of cheese.  Hello?  Isn't it called eggplant PARMIGANA beause it should have a good amount of cheese?  We sent it back, and they said they warmed up the remaining portion, but it was still cold.  The stuffed shell pasta was also not memorable.  Overall poor quality of food.
I've been a fan of Buca Di Beppo but recently they've killed the atmosphere. They sold the company to a much larger corporate entity and that's exactly how it feels now.... Applebees Italian Style. I was surprised they nixed Cannolis and Spumoni ice cream from their menu, traditional Italian desserts that belong on any Family Style Italian Restaurant selection. Between the silly US Air ads, sophomoric tabletop Danny Devito placards for Limoncello, and Americanized desert selection, and bland muzak,  Buca's is starting to feel a lot like every other theme restaurant. They even cut the wonderful Sinatra/Dean Martin/Vic Damone music that set a festive mood. Gone is the cool Italian neighborhood hipness of a little Italy joint. You know... what may work in Omaha, Billings or Biloxi doesn't fly in Palo Alto, SF, LA, or NYC. Corporate should let their regional managers gauge the clientele as opposed to dumbing-down ALL the restaurants. Pretty soon you might as well change your name to Planet Paisano. Buca's is going generic and that's a shame.
This place is ok; it is popular on Saturday nights so parking is tight.  We had reservations for a party of 10 and were seated on schedule. I don't usually eat this kind of food so I found the portions absolutely out of line with what a person needs.  If they were to cut the portion down to 33% of what they served, it would be about right for how I want to look, yet others might chose to have a different BMI would then say to portions were too small if cut back. The decoration was pervasive including lots of pictures on the walls and the ceiling covered with wine bottles.  With so many people in there it seemed a bit claustrophobic and it was loud for sure.  I found it too loud to have a conversation; it's like being in a loud bar where everybody just says hi. I enjoyed the apple salad, the soft drinks were big, and the waitress was nice to us.  Overall, it's an ok place to eat if you like that kind of super carb food.  I left feeling bloated but somebody else may have just felt 'full'.
The food is good for a chain Italian restaurant. I only order the food to take home now after a real unpleasant birthday party there.  Try to take advantage of their online coupons and in mailers.
It's been a while since I left a restaurant angry but it happened here. First, the interior is a mix of Leatherface's cave and a Dali painting.  It was not conducive to increasing my appetite.  Second, the food just sucks.  The pasta was over cooked, and the seafood was so old that I was afraid I would get food poisoning (which I did not). The taste was bland and could have been straight out of a bottle.  Third, the service was horrible.  The waitress did not look happy to work there.  Usually when I am asked if "everything is ok" I take that to be a genuine straight forward question, not a rhetorical question. So I didn't appreciate the the sour face when I asked for my coffee cup to be refilled.  I shouldn't have to ask in the first place.   Finally, it wasn't exactly cheap either.  Never going back.
Buca is my favorite among the chain Italian restaurants. Its much better than Olive Garden, Primadoro. The food is consistently good, tasty. Portions are generous. I never had a bad meal here. One minus is this place is always packed. So may be a long wait for your table. The service could be spotty at times. But the food and portion make up for poor service.
Yesterday was my first time eating here. I loved the atmosphere and the large portions! To start off, their mozzarella garlic bread was awesome! My friend and I also ordered the baked rigatoni in buca small, which was more than enough for the both of us. Our server checked on us from time to time and was very nice. HOWEVER, there were some things that I didn't like. The tables were a bit cramped together. One of the staffs there kept on bumping into my friend when he was walking pass him. Since everyone was sitting so closed to each other, the place does get pretty loud.
Went for my sister Birthday Dinner. Waitress sucked....Let the manager know and next thing you know we had another waitress and waitors who were FANTASTIC!! Calamari was ok...Caprese had no season and dip for bread wayyy too much olive oil..First waitress finally decided she wanted to try to be nice...Would I go back ummm I think not. Chicken Marsala was the worst marsala I ever had. Garlic Mashed pot really had noo season..Fettu noodles were way to hard...mac and cheese was a little creamy but ok..Diet pepsi was good and I even got a lime for garnish lol...Ok Ok I do have to admit the medt. salad was great!!! I gave it a two because my sister enjoyed it and I think I can try something else if I ever go back.  I just feel like my order was not worth 75  bucks.
Buca di Beppo's food and service is largely mediocre and the goal seems to be quantity  over quality. Because of the huge family-style servings it is a good family restaurant (especially for large families) and good for large parties. So if you want to feed a large number of people relatively cheaply, Buca di Beppo is a good option. If you want good food, look elsewhere. (also not such a great place for vegetarians and if you're vegan you'll probably only be able to drink water).
Long wait. Not cheap. Few healthy things on the menu. Fun interior.
Love the place. Great food, great decor and atmosphere!
It was our 1st time trying this place out. I will give 4 stars for the food. Unfortunately our waiter was not attentive at all. It took pretty long for us to have him come by. Service was not that friendly, maybe he had a bad day? So for service I give 2 stars. So it ends up 3 stars rating for this place. I don't think we will go back. I like Olive Garden better now...
ok, so it seems like people are agreeing that the food is just okay and the service kind of sucks. well, i'd beg to differ. while, the hostesses were very rude and short... never gave us an clear answer as to when our party of 30 would be seated (even though we were early) - we ended up getting seated at 7 (that's 30 min after our reservation), BUT... hopefully i wasn't getting the run around when the manager was very, VERY nice and told me straight up there was a party they were waiting on were just lingering in the big room in the back & couldn't kick them out. we gave him our order before we were seated and as we walk up to our tables, we noticed that our appetizers had just been placed on the table.. OH! and while we were waiting, and the hostesses were pretty much ignoring us, someone brought out a pizza for everyone to *munch* on.. how nice is that? so yeah, i complain about the hostesses, but once we were seated, everything just went smoothly after that.... the manager, Travis, was so good to us, and our waiter, Aaron,  was so patient and really attentive. I would've given them 5 stars, b/c the food was really good and came out quick... the service was impeccable, once the manager got wind of what we were going through with the waiting.... but since the hostesses were so rude and pretty much just ignored us, minus 1 star.... otherwise, i would recommend to anyone with large parties, to head over to buca's in PA and ask for travis (i believe he was the mgr), b/c he was so awesome! *edit* if you really, REALLY like drinking rum in pretty much, solid form... order the tiramisu... i like my tiramisu to have a combination of flavors... that's what makes it taste so yummy, not when everything is just soaking in a pool of rum... so beware, if YOU really love rum in your desserts, order the tiramisu... otherwise, order the cannoli, i remember that tasting good...
The 5 stars is for service.  As for food/ambiance, etc, Buca is Buca.  But i threw a surprise birthday party here.  Kelly, the manager, was really cool.  I was worried about occupying the table while we waited for the guest of honor to show up, but she was totally cool about it and actually suggested that i make the reservation for earlier, therefore holding the table for a longer period.  she knew it was important for the suprise party to have everybody there first, and guests might be late.  I brought the cake early and they put it in their freezer, and then brought it out with candles lit and everything.  no extra charge for any of it.  very good for large parties, especially while kelly is there.
brought customers for lunch and dinner to buca di beppo in palo alto.  also had work dinners here.  good food, nice place, prolly give it 4 stars. since the cnn coverage of the recent food safety issues, ive been looking up all the places i've been to in the santa clara county department of environmental health facility inspection reports.  then i adjust my rating based on that to help keep these businesses held accountable for food safety and to recognize/patronize the businesses who do take consumer food safety seriously.  so this buca di peppo has had 7 minor food safety violations in the last 2 years.  thats not a good record.  its not horrid like some other places but not pretty.  knocking off 1.5 stars for that lands them at 2 stars. its funny how different restaurant locations of the same name can be so different.  the buca di beppo in san jose at oakridge mall actually has a perfectly clean food safety record.  that place gets 5 stars. http://sccinspections.or...
Very odd entrance, as you have to basically walk through an entry way right by their kitchen. But I do get this, as that does help facilitate to go orders. With this place, it's as if they've manufactured a cave-like atmosphere, as if the restaurant was tucked away deep within the recesses of some large metropolitan building without windows. I did see that there was a second floor, but perhaps they reserve that as a party room? At any rate, my friend and I were seated toward the back of the place, as a noisy large family party was leaving, thankfully. It did seem that it took a bit for the help to take our order and get some drinks for us. For our meal, we had the baked ravioli. Good texture, and good serving size for two. However, I felt the flavor was a bit lacking, maybe more depth, more variety of flavor, and somehow the acid balance of the marinara sauce was a little bit funny, perhaps just my own personal taste. Certainly a great place to take a large crowd to share big dishes. And it has a lot more choices than I had heard about for folks who don't eat meat. Really nice bread too, and the balsamic vinegar given with the olive oil for dipping was more flavorful than some varieties I've had. Some good promos too, if you do happen upon them. Overall, I will admit to having better Italian food experiences. But this particular one wasn't bad.
can't count how many birthday dinners I had here when I was a student. maybe not authentic, but still taste good to me.
Had our family thanksgiving meal here this year.  They had a limited staff....but got us in, our server did a great job...and we enjoyed a nice meal....although not your typical thanksgiving get together.  You can count on the food here.  Our server was scrambling....but did a fantastic job!! thanks for working on the holiday.
Gimmicky big portions of unauthentic Italian-American fusion food for average prices. Only good for when you need to feed a big group of people and don't care about taste. Slippery bathrooms are gross.
nice dish the spicy chicken rigatoni is pretty good.  not too oily. lots of chicken and garlic.
Shrimp Fra Diavolo is great.  Very tasty, lots of flavor, sauce is not runny or too oily, and the... Read more 
Good service. Can be busy at lunch on fridays.
Being foodie , I love to try different cuisines. But when it comes to Italian food , I had pretty bad experiences in city's big restaurants.  Sometimes money you spent is too much for quantity you get but for this one nobody can ever say that. Most recipes are awesome and I never regretted ordering any of them here . I can definitely consider this one to compare all other Italian restaurants .  And Tiramissu is totally awesome...and readers should definitely try it.
My wife and I ate there last Saturday at about 4:30 in the afternoon. It was not crowded at that early hour but there were more than a few diners when we arrived. Kind of funky walking in, like walking in the back of a restaurant instead of the front. It sure does not impress when you go in. We sat in a comfortable enough section with a large party near by. Service was pretty good and the menu was explained about sharing portions, etc. We had the spinach and tomato salad which was not bad. Entree was chicken with lemon and capers (3 pieces) which was good also. But the wines by the glass are not very good at all. We were not in the mood to drink a whole bottle so we bought wine by the glass. My wife had a chianti which was around $7 per glass and I had one which was $12 per glass. Hers was much better than mine. I have drank enough red wine to know that there are inexpensive options for good wine if you want to sell them by the glass. Food good (not great), Service good, wine left much to be desired. We had a coupon for $10 off so everything with tip was about $55 which was about what this was worth.
Four stars for the food, but because the service was so bad I give it a 2 stars. My friends and i went to this place got our seats and waited for 30 mins for the waiter to take our orders. The place was NOT packed. People who came in after us got our orders. Weird thing was, two waiters were helping them take their orders. Each time we finished our water, waiter would walk by look at us and do absolutely nothing. Would go back for the food...hm do they have take out?
Three-word-review: the food sucked.
This is not a review of the food but of the service.  I recently went to Buca in Palo Alto, just because I was out that way.  I have been to the one in the City several times.  I have always enjoyed the one in San Francisco. Well we got the waiter from hell.  It began as a horrible experience and ended that way.  This guy sat us in a corner and left us there.  He gave us some water and a menu and walked away.  I thought "hum" okay maybe he is was having a bad day.  Ten minutes or so passed and he never came back to our table.  Well about that time some more customers came in.  He seated them was friendly and even informative.  He told them about the specials, laughed and joked around with them and was pretty great with them.  By the way did I say we were sitting one table over so we could see and hear everything. I called him back over and asked him about the lack of service we were receiving, he simply said the lunch menu is on the back and walked away. That was enough for me.  I approached the manager and informed her that we had been shunned enough and we would pay for our drinks and leave.  She was very apologetic but the waiter had spoiled the occasion for us. I understand that Stanford is not the most diverse community in the world but everyone should be given the same level of service no matter what your beliefs, likes or dislikes may be.  Overall it was a very unhappy experience.
I don't get to eat here much so I get excited when I do. It's a great place to eat for group gatherings. You gotta try the lemon chicken and chicken parm. The service was great. Didn't have to ask for much. Quick and entertaining. Not expensive at all.
My company has catered from here twice within the past month and both times have been excellent!  The delivery has been prompt and when ordering the staff has been very helpful.  Like all have said - everything is served in family style/size portions - today we ordered two dishes - 1 large pasta San Remo and 1 large pasta w/meat sauce, plus 1 large caeser salad and 2 orders of garlic bread.  Plenty of food to easily feed 15+ people with a little left over.  The prices are good for the catering, while $25 for delivery seems steep - it is money well spent.
This Italian restaurant is so so so good. No matter what I order, the food is to die for. Yummy!
Have been going here over the past decade. Just loved their salmon entree. Then suddenly about a year or two ago I think they changed the recipie. Also portions have got smaller. Just not the same anymore. Tiramisu is still good.
I love the food!! Like everyone else said, the place is mainly for large groups, so it does get pretty loud sometimes, but that's part of the whole atmosphere.  The environment is great and pretty cozy. I love the bread they give too. It does get packed during peak hours/days so plan ahead.
I give 2 stars only for the food. Other than that, zero! The weird entrance going through the kitchen is not a problem. Worst experience here i got to say is the service! Ashley was our server, I felt from the beginning that she was a bit snob asking have we been there before & I say not here but to a different one & she was asking about something which I hardly remember & looked at me like she wanted to embarrass me not knowing about a thing she's saying like duh? It's been a while since I went to buca but I promise after that experience will never go back to that place again. Their pizza & pasta are good but I think there are a lot better nothing special about it. After serving the food we never see Ashley again she prolly went home or went to break forgetting she has customers to check onto. To sum it up, we got our Togo boxes & the check from another server. Thanks to her! I left this place with so much frustration & I promise not to go back! It's been 4 days since this happen but I really can't get over this horrible experience! Wahhhh!!
If you want quantity, not quality, go here.  But I think you would have a better experience with a frozen dinner from the grocery store.  I took my family here tonight.  Noisy kitchen.  Service (Josh) was inattentive.  Food bland.  Quite a disappointment.  Will not return and would not recommend.
I just went to have dinner yesterday 12/27/09  with my family and I am no longer impressed.  I just learned that Planet Hollywood bought Buca and changed the menu. A cesar salad was ordered and pasta.  The salad is not the same and pasta was the only thing that was good.  Planet ruined the atmosphere as well. You don't see the menu on the wall like it use to be. Planet should not have touched anything!! Should have left it alone.  I will not return to ANY buca again.
Went for Mother's Day because my mother had always been curious about it. I had been there before with a large group so I knew what to expect...food on par with what you can get in the frozen food section of your grocery store, but a fun atmosphere and low prices. They were busy, but not overly so. After having a calamari appetizer and salad, then the excuses started. Oh, sorry. We have a "large party downstairs" so your dinner is going to be delayed. Uhhh, I thought you specialized in large parties, and why would their party delay our order? After about a half hour our food finally arrived. In the meantime my mother was getting so hungry that she ordered a small salad, which came after the main course had already arrived. No problem. A good time was had by all. My bro-in-law put the check on his Amex Platinum card, signed for it and we all left. Suddenly our waiter came running out yelling for all to hear, "Your credit card was declined, your credit card was declined." Another mystery. If the credit card was declined, how did he return with the slip for him to sign that said "Pre-Authorized". Then the manager came out and told us we had to put it on another credit card with some circular explanation on credit card systems which it turns out, my wife who works for Visa said was completely wrong (but was not present during this discussion). What it boiled down to, although they would not admit it, was someone in their wait staff had screwed up during the transaction. After waiting for half an hour for her to straighten it out, she offered no apology. The only one who felt bad about it was the bartender who had witnessed the entire dialogue and tried to offer us some discount coupons for a future visit. He is the one who should be running that place, not someone who doesn't care one iota about a good customer experience.
meh. i'm full, for what that's worth.
its dishes are kind of small in size in my opinion, the taste was not bad, but the service was pretty sort of slow. we asked the waiter to take a picture for us, and he did not even get timing right, he pressed the button before not we were not even looking at the camera yet, and then ran away afterward lol, anyway. i believe the reason we went to that place was that we had a coupon and that it's near by. well, i guess i cannot expect much from palo alto.
better to make reservations, they are always full...... large family portions.... sometimes service is a bit slow..... but food is great.
