Came here with a large group and was impressed by the meal.   The mezzaluna pasta was delicious, and gf loved her triangoli (though I was not as much of a fan).   Our table also split some creamy-mozzarella type appetizer, which the cheese lovers thoroughly enjoyed. The wait staff was friendly and accommodating, and everyone left happy.  This definitely is one of the better Italian restaurants around, and the pasta noodles definitely tasted better than most places.  Prices are pretty reasonable as well, since you can't really avoid spending $20/person for Italian food anywhere seemingly. The portions were a little small in my opinion.  The bread also left something to be desired, as I particularly have high standards for Italian restaurants' breads. But when I'm let griping about bread, you know it's a good restaurant!
I've been here twice, once for dinner with my boo and once for a work lunch. The dinner was kinda of "meh". We came at 8 pm on a weeknight. Only a few parties dining. The menus paperclipped together was kind of weird. This is a white linen table cloth place and the menus are like that? The bread and oil/balsamic dip was good. I had Fusili Ala Rustica which had the corkscrew pasta, tomatoes, capers, Kalamata olives, garlic and pecorino cheese. It was tasty, but the olives became overpowering by the end. My boo had the Linguine con Vongole e Cozze (with clams and mussels) with white wine sauce. He was very unhappy. He said the pasta tasted gritty - like the shellfish hadn't been cleaned well and there was sand in his pasta. Prices are $15-$20 pp for pasta - I felt like I could have had tastier food (with salad or soup and breadsticks) at Olive Garden for the same price! I think Pasta Q in downtown PA or MV would be good, better priced alternatives as well. The work lunch was better. We were a party of 10 and chose from their lunch menu. I had the Insalata Salmone (Salmon Salad) which was very hearty with a large portion of salmon cooked perfectly. The dressing was good too. Other people in the party had the special salmon panini which had a side salad. They all had good things to say about that. We had appetizers and desserts too, which were all delicious. Prices were slightly better as well. I would give my dinner experience a two star and the lunch a four star, which averages to my three star rating. I would probably only come here again for a work lunch.
So-so Italian fare. Common pricing for Palo Alto, but we've had better. More like 3.5 stars, but I wouldn't go as far as to round up to 4 stars so 3 it is. Service was okay. Maybe we're fickle about foreign language as we're both multilingual (with him being uber multilingual...), but the waiter totally butchered the pronunciation of the dishes and any other casual Italian phrases he dropped. Points for trying, though! Beyond that, he wasn't very engaging and left us alone most of the meal. We had dinner here on a weekday and, despite the outside seating being nearly empty, they sat us right next to a small, but incredibly loud, family of four. We spent our dinner listening to a dad convincing little Joshua to eat his pasta because it is "common food and we cannot travel if you don't eat uncommon food." We were sorry that little Joshua "would not have anyone to cook noodle for him tonight if he do not eat the common food that his friends eat." We feel ya, J. If I were reviewing the complimentary focaccia alone, it'd be a definite five stars. Came out warm and smelling absolutely delish. Boyfriend had the triangle ravioli, which was average. A little one-note ravioli dish. It wasn't enough for him so he had some of my osso buco which was pretty good. The meat just fell off the bone when I touched it and was perfectly flaky. I'm a big tomato lover and loved the sauce. A little too heavy on the herb flavor for me. Tiramisu was okay. Barely tasted any liqueur. Perhaps the culinary gods will strike me down for saying this, but the Costco tiramisu was better than what we had here... and that's saying quite a bit about the quality, yeesh.
I have to say that this restaurant is a huge beautiful space good for a quiet dinner as well as for a large celebration. I went there with my friend to check out their banquet room and, in case we liked it, to make some selections for her rehearsal dinner. We liked the room and had dinner. I had a glass of chianti and rigatoni bolognese. The sauce was rich and flavorful. I thought to leave some for next day's lunch but enjoyed it so much that couldn't stop! My friend had osso bucco, a slowly braised veal shank. She said it was great too. They have  large party's menu and currently my friend is discussing the details. I will definitely be back.
3.5 stars Spalti is the kind of slightly above average place you'd go for lunch if you were in the area. When I used to work near California Ave., I and my coworkers sometimes used to go to Spalti for a more leisurely lunch on Fridays. One of the good things about Spalti is they have risotto on the menu, as well as one risotto on the daily specials. Those who know me know I'm a huge risotto fan. And having ordered Spalti's risotto before, I can say it's fairly good. The menu has a wide selection of salads and pastas, but not so many "main" (secondi) entrees. The entrees aren't that varied either, so I would say stick to the pasta/salad, or if you find something on the daily specials list that strikes your fancy, get that. Another thing that Spalti does well is the bread for the table -- the vast majority of times, it comes out soft and piping hot, a rarity for restaurants. As far as the taste of everything goes, it's good but not so good that you'd make a special journey to Palo Alto just to eat here. Like I said, if you're in the area, you could do worse than stopping by Spalti for a nice lunch.
I especially like Spalti's for not feeling cramped even if some of the tables are kinda close together. We were able to share what we ordered so we had a very nice dinner without feeling loaded down, starting with a capra salad - the goat cheese was warmed a bit on a bit of toast. Normally I'm not a goat cheese fan - but this was delicious and did not have that game-y taste that goat cheese can have. Know what I mean? Nice salad. We had duck breast with polenta and spinach that was just enough to satisfy without being overwhelmed and the crab ravioli (can't remember what it was called) - but it was also very good without being too sauced up. I would go back to try the other items on the menu, for sure.  Palo Alto is fortunate to have some very nice Italian restaurants...so you don't have to go far if you're craving Italian. Just the short time we were there, I could tell they have regulars so that's a good sign. The restaurants on that specific block of California have had longevity so it tells me that they are consistent in quality.  It's quite a contrast to University Avenue.
Friday lunch with friends. Had the zinfandel special, very nice...along with the calamari steak. Food and drink were well received. Food: 30/40 Service:  15/20 Atm/intan: 15/20 Value:  15/20 Overall:  75/100= B- = 3 stars
We stopped in here because I had a Groupon. It also happens to be a couple of doors down from my pedi place. Come to find out it is under new ownership, so those Groupons (even the expired ones) aren't valid. The manager was very nice about it and Groupon refunded my money, so no biggie, I just wanted to give a heads up. Now on for my actual review. Overall the decor was nice. The place is clean with comfy chairs. It also has a Tuscan thing going on, complete with faux paint to make it look like an Italian villa. We sat outside on the patio. It was still early so there was only one other couple there. Service was good. We got our menus, water and food in a timely fashion. The waitress was nice but really quiet and not overly friendly, but she did her job well. They had a decent wine list, but were out of several choices. That could be a new owner issue. Hopefully once they are truly up and running with the wine selection they will have new menus printed. We were just stopping in for a light meal, so I just had a bowl of Minestrone. It was pretty solid. It had a nice amount of veggies that had the right amount of texture. I am not a fan of mushy vegetables! The broth was pretty good. My husband had the portabello mushroom cap. That was actually pretty awesome! The only slight issue we had was the bread they brought out at the beginning of the meal was not warm. It tasted good and had a nice chewy texture but I just think it would have been better served warm. This being my first time here I am not too familiar with their bread. Maybe it's never served warm...I'm just sayin'... Anyway I would like to try an actual meal here next time. Their menu looked good, not too overwhelming but with a nice amount of variety to choose from. I will have to give an updated review then.
Can I complain about free food? ... yep, why not. Back when my company was in the midst of acquisition talks, we dropped in to do interviews with our to-be-parent company, who ended up taking us out to lunch at Spalti. Unfortunately, I think we would have all been much happier with a burger at the nearby Counter. Of course, with risotto on the menu, that's what I immediately went for. Shame it was kind of terrible though: okay flavors that were a bit overwhelmed by sour notes, and grains that were far too hard (not even al dente hard - just undercooked). Serving sizes were huge though, and more than adequate for the $15 hit. At least their bread and balsamic was awesome though - I ended up filling up on this more than my actual risotto.
I've been on a big Italian kick lately, so we came here for dinner tonight.   My fiance & I both had pastas, which we liked quite well.   He had the mezza luna (chicken and veal filled ravioli in a cream sauce topped with pancetta) and I had triangoli (spinach & ricotta ravioli in a tomato cream sauce).    It's definitely not a place to go for a light meal - the pastas at least are very heavy and almost all come with cream sauces as opposed to lighter sauces.   But I thought they were good.  The pasta was cooked al dente, which I like, and I appreciate that they have some more unique pastas that you don't see on the menu at every Italian restaurant.   The sauces, although very rich, were excellent.  We also really enjoyed the bread that came at the beginning of the meal, although it wasn't served warm like others said it was. I had the warm flourless cake for dessert.  This was by no means bad, but was a bit of a disappointment, since I expected a molten chocolate cake (I'm not entirely sure why I thought this, since the menu doesn't use that word).   The cake was not molten at all and was more like a dense brownie, heated up.   It was a nice way to end the meal, just probably not worth the $$, since it tastes pretty similar to desserts I can make at home.  The vanilla bean gelato it came with was not terribly impressive either. The prices are pretty reasonable for Italian in Palo Alto: pastas are mostly $12-$15, entrees are $15-20ish.   I would definitely put this up there with Cafe Renzo & Cafe Pro Bono as one of the better Italian places in Palo Alto, and I think its a tad cheaper than those places.  I'm sure we'll come back at some point.
Definitely not a fan of the pasta dishes here, maybe the entrees are better. The ambiance stands out more than anything, kind of dark and intimate, but the tables are spaced out pretty well. I was very unimpressed by the Triangoli Ravioli...I was expecting a lighter sauce that didn't taste like it came out of a jar. There was one lone mushy ricotta filled ravioli, like half the size of my fist, drowning in a bowl of really rich and heavy tomato cream sauce. I had to dig around to figure out where the sauce ended and where the ravioli began, and regardless I kept receiving mouthfuls of pure tomato cream sauce. That might be someone else's fantasy but not mine. I also tried some of the spaghetti with Italian sausage dish (on the "specials" menu) and it was also overcooked and unmemorable. Also ordered the arugula, beet and goat cheese salad before I remembered that I hate beets. Calamari came in a generous amount and was nice and crispy with many tentacle pieces, but really greasy. The complimentary housemade focaccia on the other hand...SOOO GOOD. I am always overjoyed when I discover places that make this type of super soft, fluffy focaccia with a crispy crust, served warm, and with a really delicious spicy olive oil/balsamic/garlic reduction. MMMM! I will come here for that bread alone next time. Oh and dessert was pretty delicious too. I highly recommend the warm flourless chocolate cake with vanilla gelato. It is highly cocoa concentrated!
Good four star Italian.  Yogurt and cucumber soup was very nice.  Ordered a make my own pasta dish with tomato sauce that included shrimp, clams, and Salmon.  Sauce was a lttle watery but overall flavor and taste was good.  Setting is very nice and service was good too.  Easy choice for Italian.
Felt like Italian, so Italian it was! Stopped in for a quick lunch, only a few people were dining, not a very busy place during lunch... Nice fluffy focaccia bread to go with the oil and balsamic mixture. Yum. special soup of the day- Carrot soup- had more of a butternut squash taste vs carrots.. but overall it was pretty good. MEZZALUNA- Homemade half moon shape pasta stuffed with chicken, veal and fennel, in a vodka-cream sauce with topped panchetta- oddly, the dish stated with a tomato next to it saying it's a vegetarian dish.. nothing close... but the dish wasn't bad, the panchetta gave the most flavor out of this dish, so without it, it might have been a bit on the bland side. PENNE CON POLLO-Pasta with chicken breast, cherry tomatoes, artichokes, green peas, and sundried tomatoes- very light tasting dish, not bad. Overall, the service wasn't bad, food was good, nothing great or different. Good place to get your Italian fix if you're in the area, probably wouldn't go out of my way. Maybe I'll try dinner next time.
Just got back from eating lunch here, and I am surprised I am awake to write this review. Carb overload! Had a groupon here ($15 for $30 worth) and quite surprised they allowed it for lunch. Made reservations through http://Opentable.com which was also a plus. Got VIP parking right in front, and it was larger than I imagined. Lots of space on the patio, and the inside was large with lots of tables but cozy at the same time. We were served with fresh warm french bread, along with a side of olive oil/balsamic vinegar/garlic and some herbs. Very tasty, and ate the whole basket in no time. We got the grilled polenta as an appetizer, and I ordered the gnocchi gorgonzola, friend ordered the triangoli. There were 3 slices of grilled polenta, topped with gorgonzola cheese, a whole lot of sliced mushrooms, and a sauce. The polenta was great, grilled to perfection, mushrooms were a nice added touch, but the sauce I wasn't so keen on. Had a bit of a sweet taste. The entree portions were decent, not huge and not too small. My friend and I split, but I much preferred the gnocchi. They were light and airy, but not so light because of the heavy gorgonzola sauce. But I really liked it, and there were a few slices of pears on top as well. My friend's triangoli, I didn't enjoy so much, but she liked that dish better. The pasta was very al dente, so the ends were too hard for me. Inside was a nice ricotta and spinach filling, and a vodka like cream sauce. The sauce was really good. Overall, a good dining experience, but not enough for 4 stars in my opinion. Their prices were very reasonable, and they had a few specials that looked appetizing as well too. I would come back, but maybe not so soon.
above average italian food.  Has a dark ambiance and was a bit chilly inside (maybe it was the effect of the rainy day). The service was great and attentive. par for the course
Got a groupon for this place a while ago and decided to finally use it. Had dinner here on a Friday with my parents and boyfriend. We had a really nice meal and the service was excellent. The bread and olive oil/vinegar combo was super delish; we inhaled that and got a refull. My parents really enjoyed their Minestrone soup and we had the caesar salad. My dad and I both had the veal scallopini (good but not great), my boyfriend had the triangoli which is spinach/cheese stuffed pasta (he said it was good but on the rich/heavy side) and my mom had the grilled duck. The grilled duck was amazing, if I come back that would definitely be what I order.
Fresh and tender calamari, crab raviolis and fresh baked bread made for a romantic evening.  The food and service were outstanding. The dipping sauce served with the warm bread was a nice touch, and when you get your check it is delivered with a soft and semisweet Italian aperitif.
Old school pasta and good sauces, fairly priced and excellent service. Had the mussels and clams in... Read more 
I went to Spalti about six years ago (not sure if it was the same owner)  and back then I wasn't a yelper and didn't write a review. I think I had an oyster sandwich that wasn't memorable. A couple days ago, our HR asked for an advice about where to take a newbie for lunch and I opted for Spalti (through browsing restaurants around on Yelp). What a pleasant surprise!!!! We certainly had a great lunch at Spalti. Five of us, three ordered risotto special (with sausage, chicken and fish) and  two ordered their tilapia special (with artichokes and sun dried tomatoes). We loveeedddd the food!!! The free warm bread and the olive oil dipping were certainly a great start! I love bread and warm bread with olive oil...delicious!! I ate like 4 pieces!!! LOL I ordered the tilapia (lunch special). It was such a pretty dish (I wish I had a camera!), full of color from the side of zucchini and carrots and sun dried tomatoes. They only gave one piece of fish (a bit too small portion for me!!) and I savored every bite! The fish was perfectly cooked! The outside was a bit crisp (not mushy) and the inside was flaky and perfectly seasoned. Such a simple dish, not pretentious but delicious!! I literally licked my plate!!! The coworkers who ordered the risotto also enjoyed their food :). The risotto portion was quiet generous. Spalti is certainly a nicer restaurant on California Ave, great for business meetings.. prices are in the $12 to $ 17 range for a pasta dish and entree. My only complaint as a red-meat eater is that their lunch menu only had one "veal" entree. The rest of the menu is either vegetarian or chicken (and one or two seafood dishes). The restaurant is not as crowded as other restaurants, but certainly not empty..so great place to have a conversation. I will be back to try their pasta dishes!
I came here because my fiancee bought a groupon for this place.  We ordered two cocktail drinks, calamari, two entrees and a dessert.  I had the clam linguine and my fiancee had a lamb shank. For dessert we ordered tirimisu.  The food was decent. However, for the price we paid I expected it to be amazing. I think our check came out to be around $90 after we applied our groupon. The service was good but the food could have been better. I'm not sure if I will go back.
Decent, if somewhat average, Italian food. Crab cake appetizers: okay.  A little potato-ey and a little "glue-ey"and a little bit light on the crabs, but still okay tasting Pork chops: slightly too sweet and too balsamicy of a reduction used for the sauce, but cooked very well. Pasta dishes ala vegetables: lots of grilled vegetables plus garlic in this dish.  It was hearty if somewhat greasy. Pros: the bread is freshly baked and was pretty good.  Wine by the glass is inexpensive.  Nice outdoor patio seating.   Good service.
I love the decor and ambiance of this place! I'm not a fan of italian food but this place does Italian in a very modern and (less carb centric) way. The staff was nice and friendly, service was impeccable and food was cooked just right! The table bread was great, loved the olive oil with balsamic and reduction combo.
Had lunch here today. Minestrone soup was lame. Pollo Florentine was OK, but a bunch of spinach in disguise tried to look like a piece of chicken breast. As in, the portions are SMALL. Lowercase small. Inside was noisy, outside was generally quiet, unless cars were parking on the street next to us. All in all, average.
Came here on date night because of our Groupon. The staff was super duper friendly, and we were seated right away. The fresh baked bread they bring to your table was warm outta the oven and soooo good! We ordered: Carpaccio - perfection Minestrone - tasted so fresh and delish Clam chowder - lotsa chunky goodness going on and also delish Fusilli rustica - hubby added chicken to this dish, which he says made it perfect. Linguine and clams - I got half clams and half mussels. Wow! Chocolate cake - I haven't had a really great chocolate dessert at a restaurant in awhile. They are either too rich, too sweet, too dry, too dense, etc. This one was fantastic. We were sooo happy-full at the end of our meal, we were ready to end date night right there and take a nap. ;-) If I'm going to be nit-picky, my only complaint from our visit would be that it's just a tad too dark. We were both squinting at our menus. So, I would rate this a 4.5 star experience. Because yelp won't let me do half stars, I'm happy to round up since it isn't often that we have this wonderful of an experience at a local restaurant. The service and food were as good as it gets! We'll be back! :-)
This was the only restaurant I could get a reservation for on  a Friday night in Palo Alto.. The reviews were mixed, so I wasn't expecting much. But it was very good, attentive service, comfortable room and the food was very good.
I am glad I stopped by Spalti. I really didn't know what to expect from this place since I just found a groupon for it. I'm glad I did because the service was excellent, the food was delicious, and I walked out of there with the intention of returning. Ambiance was definitely a cozy, romantic, and sophisticated. My boyfriend and I were seated almost immediately when we got there at 7pm. We were immediately assisted for drinks and our waiter appeared shortly thereafter. We ordered the special which I can't recall the name of them precisely. My dish was a mahi mahi that was nicely cooked. It was just great! The desert we got was a pana c something - it was a lemon flan with dark chocolate drizzle for presentation. Yummy! I'm looking forward to eating here again.
We came here on a groupon with my sister and my fiance. Yup, he keeps buying groupons and just when they're about to expire, he ask me out to eat... That said, I'm not usually a huge pasta fan. It always end up pretty rich for me and I usually couldn't eat more than a few bites. Not a problem here. The portions are on the smaller side, with about 6-8 ravioli pieces per dish. Risotto was ok but could use slightly more salt. The best dish we had was the ravioli with shrimp that I ordered. So... in terms of taste? 3 Service: 4 Speed of Service: 2 (they are slow!) Prices: 4 [$11 (pasta)-$23 (meat) per dish, not bad at all. ]
**SLOW-ASS SERVICE BUT GOOD-ASS AHI TUNA SANDWICH** 3.5 stars. Gorgeous weather. We HAD to eat outside. ORDERED: *GLASS OF CHARDONNAY ($8) - Chardonnay from Columbia Valley was light and crisp. Good. *AHI TUNA SANDWICH ($11.95) - Came with a small salad drizzled in delicious balsamic dressing. Their fingerling potatoes were also good. The sandwich tasted fresh and filling. The wait staff was nice and polite. However, the kitchen staff took FOREVER. Waited 30 minutes for a friggin sandwich. Come on, people. Would visit again for the sandwich, but not sure about the wait. RECOMMEND.
I had a great dinner here with friends last night. Service:  Good and Authentic Food:  Good selection (not overwhelming choices)  However, the food was toward the salty side for me. Wine:  Average priced and well stocked with good wine (again, not overwhelming) All in all, this is a great place.  I will come back again.  Especially, with great company. Party of six, two bottle of red, bar service, App, Entree Tax and Tips are only $260
Another so-so Italian place in Palo Alto. Seriously, when are we going to get a better place here? We got the grilled portabello mushroom to start. The toppings were nice, but they charred the mushroom slightly on the bottom. My linguine was cooked al dente and the fixings were great except for the dry chicken. O chicken, why do restaurants always mess you up? The mister said the mezzaluna was not bad. Overall the main dishes were satisfying. The tiramisu was forgettable though. Maybe I was just too full at that point? :p Service was ok. They tried, but our waiter felt a bit fuzzy and it seemed like he didn't know the menu that well. His attitude was also not quite in line with the classy atmosphere this place is trying to recreate. This is a solid place but probably not worth a trip for.
I have never really been impressed by Spalti.  Every time I come, the food is under seasoned and needs more acid.  The bread they serve is nice and warm.  The service is friendly.  The decor reminds me of the late 80s.  It is dark and intimate if a bit dated.  But, the food is very average.  Also, with lunch being an average of $15 per plate without tax and tip, it is a bit too expensive for what they serve.  This is a fine place for a lunch date or a business lunch.  There are table cloths.  The food is consistently ok.  The service is friendly.  Nothing objectionable about Spalti.  But, I don't think I would ever crave Spalti either.
Came here on a weeknight, so it was a nice quiet dinner. I love the low lighting of this place; it makes for a cute date night place. ...but try not to stay by the door on a winter night because it gets pretty chilly. Make sure you get the bread. Soft, warm, and just soooooo delicious! The gnocchi was perfectly done. Thumbs up to this place!
Spalti, what a quiet, nice place to go for perfectly okay Italian food.  It's not bad, but not mind-blowing either.  The service as well is totally average.  I like Spalti because you can always get a table and you always have a quiet, pleasant experience.  A sure thing.
Came by here with a couple friends last week. Food - the portion size was unexpected.  We ordered the ravioli, mezzaluna, and risotto dishes. Ravioli - My favorite dish of the three.  It came with meat sauce and was quite flavorful. Mezzaluna - It mentioned chicken stuffed inside some kind of pasta.. however, I was unpleasantly surprised by the small portion.  There was around 6 pieces of it and it tasted a little bland. Risotto - The risotto was tasty but nothing memorable. Bread that came before dinner - The bread was tasty.  However, the olive oil and vinegar dip had too much of a vinegar flavor.
SO GOOD. + Best balsamic + Tasty baked cheese cracker in my mashed potatoes so part of it gets all melty and delicious + Skirt steak was juicy and well seasoned + Apple martini with a fan made out of apples!!! + Water constantly getting filled up + Extremely nice waiters/manager + We couldn't decide between two desserts so got one on the house At first I thought it'd be too hoity toity but turns out it has a nice chill vibe A+++++++
Probably the last restaurant that I had not eaten at on California Ave. The food, service and ambience was average. Slightly better than Olive Garden. Not much more to say.
Went to this restaurant on a Monday night. Wait staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. I had the hanger steak with an arugula salad which was absolutely delicious. Cooked perfectly, and came with an arugula salad with delicious dressing. I will definitely go back.
Food is okay. Service and food quantity is poor.
I've dined at Spalti several times and love this restaurant. When I eat out I take in to consideration the atmosphere just as much as the food. I want comfortable seating, close proximity to my dining companion(s), warm and attentive service, as well as great food. I typically have a Caesar salad and one of the pasta dishes. Very tasty and the food is consistently good. The interior is a soft pale palette and I find it very soothing. It's just the sort of place that invites me in and I don't want to rush out. I'm glad it's just a few minutes from my home.
Spalti is somewhat mediocre.  We had the Risotto topped with Gorgonzola cheese and mushrooms as appetizer and the risotto was a little tough.  The mushroom was fresh and Gorgonzola cheese made the sauce flavorful.  I had the Linguine a la vongole (clam) and it was decent.  Nothing to write home about.  RF had the Mezzaluna and it was half moon shaped pieces of pasta contained a mix of veal and chicken.  The veal and chicken finely shredded and it was difficult to tell where the veal ended and where the chicken began.  This kind of mixture is usually not a great idea. Spalti is an average Italian restaurant but honestly it's not a place I would take business partners, parents and out-of-towners.  The price is not justified with the food.  One thing I did appreciate was the quietness of the atmosphere.  It's a restaurant to eat in peace.
Spalti is located on California Avenue in Palo Alto. Spalti had a warm and inviting interior on a Sunday evening and we decided to check it out. The cuisine is classic Italian fare and our meal started by being served a wonderful bread basket and olive oil/vinegar mix.  It may have been the late hour but I devoured half the bread basket in no time and eagerly awaited our entrees.  Our order: * Risotto topped with Gorgonzola cheese and mushrooms - the risotto arrived in the shape of pan-fried circles which I've never had and was slightly burnt. The mushrooms were fresh and mixed well with the gorgonzola cheese to make a nice sauce. * Linguine with clams - a simple, but classic, dish, the portion size was generous and looked quite appetizing topped with generous cheese and freshly ground black pepper. Noodles were appropriately al dente and the sauce was good. However, the clams were a bit sandy and did not taste particularly fresh.  A pass. * Mezzaluna - half moon shaped pieces of pasta contained a mix of veal and chicken and was topped by a cream sauce and shaved pieces of pancetta. The veal and chicken were grounded before serving as pasta filling and the combination proved better on paper than reality.  I really like the pasta flavor and the pancetta topped sauce but wish the veal and chicken had been whole chunks instead of so finely ground. Spalti was overall a decent experience. The food was reasonably priced and tasty. A few items were a bit off, but the friendly service provided by our sweet waittress (Hievda) was a definite highlight. Its worth a try and they are open on Sundays and accept American Express: rarities in the Bay Area.
So-so. We went here for a friend's dinner; since we were a large group (think 20+) we had reserved the private banquet room in the back. The decor in the main restaurant and in this room are very nice, and the staff was friendly. However, service was a little spotty at times, though we were an extremely large group. I ordered the Melazane ala Parmigiana (an eggplant parmesan dish; $13), which consisted of breaded eggplant topped with cheese, spinach, and tomato sauce. I'm a huge fan of eggplant normally, but this dish was ho-hum and uninspired: the cheese was stringy and didn't go well with the rest of the dish, in my opinion. The breaded eggplant, too, was thin and soggy, not what I'm used to. The spinach in between the slices of eggplant was OK; overall, the dish was good, but nothing too spectacular, especially compared to some of the other eggplant dishes I've had around Palo Alto. The rest of our group seemed more pleased with their dishes (a mixture of pretty much everything on the menu: veal, lamb, risotto, pasta, etc.), and overall, Spalti seems to be a decent Italian restaurant.
The place seemed nice at first - from the beginning, there was warm, soft bread and a nice olive oil / viniagrette mixture to go with it. However, the service was very inattentive and then the food was beautifully arranged but REALLY salty.  I ordered the veal limonata (or something to that effect) and it looked gorgeous but I couldn't eat very much of it.  They piped the mashed potatoes onto my plate in this artful swirl and they tasted very watery, like they'd put skim milk in there rather than butter or sour cream. I switched plates with my boyfriend - he had ordered the risotto on special, which came with peas and carrots.  I love love LOVE a good risotto so I was really disappointed that mixed in with the creamy rice and soft peas were fairly crunchy carrots - they just didn't go together at all! Overall, this restaurant was very average.  Maybe a little bit below because everything tasted really salty, but I will give them the benefit of the doubt.
Oh yes, Spalti, my old friend.  How I've missed you. From September of 2004 till around Summer of 2005, my friends and I would eat at Spaltis once or twice a week.  Classics of the menu: capellini pomadoro, their 4 cheese ravioli, and their risotto du jour when it's mushroom or seafood.  And the flourless cake. We stopped going when they changed our beloved pomodoro sauce recipe, devastating and traumatizing all of us so much we could never go back. Spalti's *BEST FEATURE* is their complementary bread and sauce.  It's just indescribably good.  You have to go and try it.
I've been here a few times, but it's been at least a couple years since my last visit... The bread they serve (I think focaccia) is always warm, fresh, and delicious. I've been happy with all my entrees here and have also done a large group birthday dinner and was very happy with the service. Maybe it's because it's on Cal ave, but it's often fairly empty which makes it a less exciting place to be in unfortunately :(
A very solid Italian Restaurant, with a nice ambiance, and attentive staff. I have had both their Sonoma and Capra salads, and found them both very tasty, and true do their description.  Their bruschetta is good, but nothing to write home about. Their Linguine con Vongole is very solid.  I also enjoyed their Mezzaluna.  My husband tried both Triangoli, and the Gnocchi Gorgonzola.  He enjoyed both. I forget the wines we ordered, but the wait staff was always their to top off our glasses immediately, and very helpful in making menu selections. The tiramisu was yummy.  I would have preferred a cheese course, which I was disappointed that they did not offer. Still, for an Italian restaurant that isn't in Italy, it was pretty good.
This is a great Italian place to go on a date. The food is delicious. I have tried the following: Carpaccio di manzo Tortellini ala carbanara -- $9.95 Pasta stuffed with chicken and veal in a light cream sauce with pancetta and peas. Portafogli di manzo -- $15.95 New York steak stuffed with prosciutto di parma and fontina cheese in mushroom sauce. Prices not too bad either. Great service as well.
Spalti needs to update their website!  I just called to make lunch reservations (because the website says they are open for lunch on Saturdays!) and they are not serving lunch!  I was supposed to be having a large party meet there for lunch - I guess I need a plan B ASAP!  I love the food here so am disappointed.  SPALTI, UPDATE YOUR WEBSITE!  YELP, TOO!!
I need to update this because I've been here two more times and it's been good enough that I'm going back tomorrow for lunch. It seems that the first time I was here - it just wasn't a good night. I've been more impressed with the food since. The lunch menu is very reasonably priced for the portions and quality of ingredients. Try the gnocchi gorgonzola!
Appetizer: calamari fritti that was listed as being served with lemon aioli actually arrived with a... Read more 
I, too, am a fan of the food!  I loved the mushroom risotto, 4 cheese ravioli, and Caesar salad.  A place that serves REAL anchovies with their Caesar is a place I could love.  It's blasphemous to serve Caesar without anchovies! I'm a little uncertain on service, however.  I brought a new hire there for lunch and it must have been one of the longest lunches I've ever had.  It took over 20 minutes for our entrees to be served.  Luckily, my calendar wasn't too heavy that day and I was able to afford a longer lunch. When I went in to pick up lunch, service was rather fast, so what gives?
Decent Italian food. Dark interior, friendly staff. Complimentary bread and olive oil dip - Bread was not warmed (used to be) so could have been better. Calamari Fritti - Good texture but not much flavor. Linguine con Gamberi - Decent, flavor was simple and not very exciting. Penne con Pollo - Flavorful marinara sauce, tender chicken, hot pasta. Tiramisu - Good flavor but soggier than preferred. Pasta is al dente, closer to how Italy serves its pasta. Overall, food was served hot and quickly but lacking complex flavors.
The food was really excellent! I also brought my dog here (Great Pyrenees) and the staff LOVED her! In fact, they gave us 4 free glasses of dessert wine. After already finishing off a bottle of wine, we were pretty tipsy and tipped very heavily. I'm sure it was their plan all along!
I love Spalti. Tasteful and quiet, with flattering lighting, it's a great little Italian place for a mellow date. The food is always excellent, so try anything (but if you try the Sonoma salad, get the dressing on the side). The desserts are little artworks: lovely and delicious and sized so that you can eat a whole one without exploding. The guy who runs Spalti (big eyes, small beard) is super nice, and service is friendly and unobtrusive. It's an ideal place to split dinner and dessert and a bottle of wine while you spend hours catching up with someone. Plus, if by the end of dinner you get sick of being all secluded and romantic, you can then stop by the Nuthouse, where you'll be sure to run into some random person from your sordid past whom you thought you'd never see again.
An okay restaurant on California Ave. More or less regular italian food. I had the ravioli which was fairly mediocre. I went on a weekday after work so it was fairly quiet. I'm vegetarian and they did seem to have quite a few veg items. The appetizers were pretty good. The main dish was just ok. I wouldn't really recommend it for the price. Total tab (no drinks) was about $250 for 8 people.
I ate here just 3 days ago and I can't really remember anything that great about the restaurant. My linguini with clams was OK but not spectacular. The appetizers were enjoyable though. They messed up one of our party's orders completely. This place is good for big groups.
Deserves 3.5 stars It's my 2nd time to this place and I was pleasantly surprised again.  Went here on a Monday night for E's bday and enjoyed the quiet, intimate setting with the girls.  They started us off with yummy bread with a tasty olive oil and vinegar dip.  Various people ordered the risotto, eggplant parmesean, minestrone, and ravioli.  I can speak about the ravioli and say that the sauce was tasty and it was the perfect serving size.  Portions tended to be on the larger side.  Italian is nowhere near my favorite, but I'd definitely come back to this place.  Also, for the decor, service, and food, it's very well priced!
My boyfriend, mother and I came on a Sunday night for dinner.  It was a hidden gem located on California ave in-between a subway and a thai restaurant.  I highly recommend this place for date night.  The service was fantastic and the food portions are unexpected (meaning some portions are much more than some) so be aware not to over order. We ordered calamari fritti, crab cakes, minestrone soup, linguine vongole cozze, rigatoni bolognes and ravioli granchio.  Since I don't eat seafood, i'll go by what my boyfriend and mother say... The calamari fritte was deep fried calamari tossed in a light bread coating served with three dipping sauces.  The calamari was delicious, it wasn't overly breaded and not overcooked.  It was crispy on the outside while nice and chewy on the inside.  The minestrone soup was wonderful, the broth was tangy and flavorful, the veggies were not overcooked and had great variety of veggies.  Though the crab cakes was a little mushy, it didn't have that crunch that both my boyfriend and mother preferred.  And the strawberries that was paired with the crab cakes was quite strange.  The linguine vongole cozze was linguini cooked with clams in a white wine sauce.  This dish was pretty good except it was on the dry side, it would have been better if it had a little more sauce.  The rigatoni bolognes was rigatoni cooked with meat sauce, peas, button mushrooms, and asparagus.  This dish was great! It was savory, hearty and the veggies had the right amount of crunch.  The ravioli granchio was six large ravioli filled with crab meat cooked in champagne cream sauce with tomatoes and capers.  This dish was also a favorite, the raviolis had large chunks of crab meat and the sauce complimented it well.
This review is for a wedding reception that I attended there.  I've never been there besides the wedding reception. ******************************************** I went there for a wedding reception there last weekend, and was totally impressed!  Back in the day during the dot com, we would come to California Avenue for drinks at El Bodeguita del Medio down the street.  Beyond that ... I think that the only time that I would go down there is to go to the 18+ club that used to be over there ... forgot what it was called.  But, I digress! The service was awesome!  The waiters were very attentive, and honestly, I don't believe that my wine glass went empty at any time during the evening.  The food was quite good and nicely plated. I'll definitely return to try out the rest of the items on the menu.
This is a 3.5 in my mind, but Yelp doesn't like doing things halfway. The food is good but not excellent, and the prices are average.  The four cheese ravioli and tortellini alla carbonara are both good.  This is somewhere in the middle of the pack of the plethora of Italian restaurants in PA: better than Madison & 5th and Niebaum-Coppola or whatever it's called now, but not as good as  Osteria or La Strada.
Well, I guess we could have done worse..  Hmm.. that's doesn't sound like the beginning of a 4 or 5 star review huh? Friends and I were supposed to go to Mediterranean Wraps a couple doors down but noticed it wasn't really sit down so our eyes roamed to this cute little italian place which had almost all of it's outdoor tables full and absolutely zero patrons inside.    We thought.. "ah.. what the hell.. let's just go here, you can't go wrong with Italian" Anybody can make a caprese salad.     So they couldn't go wrong there.    My veal was.... eh, and kind of chewy and the portions weren't that big. The wait staff was good and the water glasses were always full.  Would I come back here.. um.. probably not.
I have always wanted to like this restaurant... but it never seems to happen. It's a beautiful restaurant, has excellent service, but the food has never been impressive.  The first time here I had the seafood in pasta, and it was bland and tasted very simple.  The second time around I had the Veal Marsala... but all I could taste was the Marsala sauce.  The prices are fairly reasonable, we got out with 2 entrees, an appetizer, 1 glass of wine, dessert, and an espresso for about $70. All in all, I'd go back again if someone had organized something there, but I probably won't bring a friend or family there. If anyone knows about a great Italian place in the area, could you ping me and let me know?
This  is a cozy, bright and inviting place, the food is excellent. I ate here about 12 times in the last 4 years and every time I have a good service, delicious food, portion are huge I always get leftover for a next day lunch. Prices are very reasonable, I normally order a chicken dish, today I had POLLO CARCIOFI-Sauteed breast of chicken with hearts of baby artichoke and mushrooms a touch of white truffle oil  for $15.95. YUMMY!!! The bread is fresh made of scratch arrive warm and delicious!!!!
Service was good, not great, Calamari was delicious, crab cakes not so much. Really enjoyed the risotto and the tiramisu for dessert.
After reading the reviews of Spalti, we made a reservation for a semi-large party (8-10 people). Everything seemed fine until we sat down. THERE IS ABSOLUTELY NO SERVICE. Our waiter didn't give us enough menus, no wine list, replied rudely when we asked for bread (after 20 minutes of waiting without any service at all and when tables after us were served). Then guess what? He never brought the bread. Had to ask one of the busboys for it. No refills on anything other than water. Food took 45 minutes to arrive. And when it did the waiter (the balding guy with the "goatee") brought out the wrong food and when we told him that it wasnt what we ordered he had the nerve to say that we ordered wrong (note to management: if your menu gives a choice between mussels and calms do not train your waiters to tell a guest that they name means calms.). When the food did arrive correctly it looked like it had been microwave. My white wine sauce was gone. noodles were dry and 1/2 of the mussels were just shells. To top it all off they charged us a fixed 18% gratuity (must been why service was so bad). However, even the table of 2 next to us told us that they were surprised at how rude / arrogant the waiter was. So unless Spalit improves it training (I doubt there was any at all) I would avoid it like the plauge.
Spalti is a reliable place to go for some thing more formal.  Everything I've tried there tastes good.  I usually get the calamari and Linguine con gamberi.  I also like the Linguine con vongole o cozze (yes, I'm into sea food).  End with a tiramisu. They also have a larger room in the back if you want a private lunch/dinner event. Update - just went recently again.  Their vanilla gelato is great.  Their bread pudding and tiramisu come in large portions and are both good.  I also had their scallop salmon pasta special.  The scallops were really good (nice crust) but I could have done without the salmon (over powering).  Overall good pasta dish. Update - had the grilled veggi pasta.  it's a bit too oily for me.  bf had the lasagna and it was way too heavy and not your usual lasagna flavor.  I also recently had the meat sauce pasta - that tastes good.
I've been here twice now, once with a big group, and once with just 4 of us.  The food both times was good, but not spectacular.  About average or slightly above for Palo Alto, I'd say.  But at least the prices are reasonable.  I agree with a lot of the people here that this would be a good date place.  As usual, I want to give this place a half star...3.5.  But I might have bumped it to a 4 instead of 3 if they didn't bring the oil and balsamic vinegar for dipping pre-mixed! [rant] Why do places do this?  Some people seem to like massive amounts of oil on their bread with only a touch of vinegar.  I like the opposite.  It's like the last thing you need when you're about to have some pasta drenched in yummy cream sauce...more oil!  Maybe they know they're using crappy balsamic, and so they feel it can't stand on its own.  But I'm a big fan of the mixture of sweet and tang that comes with balsamic.  Let me have a bottle of olive oil and a bottle of balsamic and mix them myself.  And maybe some garlic to complete the trio.  It'll save me from asking you to bring me more vinegar next time I come to your restaurant....! [/rant] Now that I've got that out of my system, I did enjoy the meal here both times I've been.  I'll probably go back.  (Just let me mix my own oil/balsamic.)  I probably won't get the calamari again, though...the breading was a little heavy for my tastes.  But on the bright side, the bruschetta was pretty good, and it looked like there was a whole lot to choose from for appetizers.
Great menu, food quality, price and service! To think we were eating at Olive Garden for the same prices! And I loved the wine list!
Warm and romantic; perfect for dates.  Addictive focaccia and chocolate cake.  Pastas were carefully prepared. Update, July 2010: Desserts are all very enjoyable, with the exception of the "mango creme caramel," which tasted like a weak creme brulee.  Chocolate cake, tramisu, and bread pudding were great.
My bf and I had dinner on a Monday night and the place was pretty empty.  I really like that the front of the restaurant is open, breezy and bright.  The food was good, I had the rigatoni bolognese and I liked it because there were fresh peas and asparagus in the sauce.  My bf had one of the pasta specials with sausage and chicken, which also had good flavor.  We also tried the melon and prosciutto app, which was also tasty. I like that they have 4 kinds of house wine at $6 a glass, and it's decent!  Our server brought us 2 little glasses of sparkling wine at the end of the meal which I thought was very nice.  I will definitely be back.
The bread and herb/balsamic vinegar/olive oil started our dinner.  If I could just dine on that, I would have been happy.  But no, I started with the polenta and mushroom (no gorganzola cheese for me - ew).  Divine.  The rigatoni bolognese was pretty darn yum.  the asparagus and the peas were a nice touch to the sauce.  Hubby had the osso bucca which was amazing.  The desserts were all fantastic.  We special ordered the affogato (which they nicely accomodated).  The bread pudding was pretty good too.  All in all, a relaxing evening with good food.  I cannot say enough about how nice the staff.
Super friendly staff. some outdoor seating. reasonable portions. Had the rigatoni bolongese which is a simple dish and a good test for an italian ristorante. It looked right but lacked depth of flavor.
So happy I got to try this place! It's a very nice and homey downtown restaurant. The spinach salad isn't exactly a cold salad, but the dressing is delicious. The bread also has its own texture with great balsamic vinegar to go with olive oil. I had the bolognese which wasn't anything to "wow" about. The other person I was with had the crab-stuffed ravioli. If there is one thing I had to say it's that if you compare the two entrees that were ordered, it would be that the quantity of the bolognese was much much more which makes the place inconsistent with its portioning.
I took my dad here for his 65th birthday and was delighted by what a great restaurant it is.  I had an incredible osso bucco.  The lamb just melted in my mouth. My vegetarian girlfriend had a lot of options, which is somewhat rare for these types of "high end" restaurants.  She loved her gnocchi dish and had to share the salad, because it was so big. Including a bottle of wine, and a shared dessert, the bill came out to $100 for 3 people which is really quite reasonable for how good the food and ambiance were.
This is not a cheap restaurant. The cheapest bottle of red wine was $30. I had the crab cakes (2 little ones) and my firend had the raw beef thin sliced not sure what its called.  The bread was really yummy and warm. For entree we ordered the tiger shrimp pasta scampi (very very yummy) and I ordered the veal. I would not recommend the veal. It was thin and tasted like hamburger meat. I dont like it at all. But the big prawn or shrmip scampi was great. Service was so so. didnt care much for it. For dessert we had the biscotti and tiramisu (great) anyway for 2 people $140. Very expensive. I think there are cheaper and better or same quality italian restaurants out there. check out the pics of what we had
I came to Spalti for a birthday dinner last weekend, and had not only the most horrible service, but the most mediocre seafood pasta I've seen since moving to California. To celebrate we ordered a decently expensive bottle of sparkling wine, which came out to us lukewarm and then sat, un-opened for half an hour, at which point we decided to open the damn thing ourselves.  Our food arrived shortly after - I had the tricolor fettuccine with "mixed" seafood.  The white wine sauce was decent, but the "salmon" was grainy and whatever other little seafood bits were equally gross. I've had better seafood pasta, and better service, at the Red Lobster.
underrated and overlooked-- an excellent, solid Italian place, great for parties or business groups, or for a lovely date where you can actually talk to each other without tons of noise. Excellent food-- I've never had anything bad here.  Nice wine choices, quiet & efficient service. Deserves more attention from the crowd that frequents downtown Italian spots...
My parents and I eat at Spalti regularly every few weeks or so. The food is tasty, and consistently so. They changed their menu a couple years ago and while it was good before, the new menu is really a step up. The bread is nice and soft, and the oil/balsamic mix they give you is really good. I usually order the grilled duck breast. It has a nice port wine sauce and comes with spinach (mmmm) and polenta (thick and cheesy. double mmmm! - Although occasionally they'll substitute the polenta with potatoes, which are decent but not as good as the polenta!) My mom always gets the ravioli con granchio, which she loves. I've tried the specials a few times, although I tend to like my food simple with not too many ingredients and they can go crazy with the odd ingredients sometimes. However, everything I've ordered there has always been good. They also have a nice variety of pasta dishes, for those of us who don't like tomato sauce. The decor is elegant but casual making Spalti a good place for a date or a nice dinner with friends.
Discovered it thanks to a groupon. Thought it was really good & couldn't believe I hadn't been here before.  The warm fresh bread was sooo good. My salmon salad was awesome: lots of fresh, big, grilled veggies too. Nice piece of fish (good size). Service was friendly too !  (we had a toddler with us and they were very sweet, no eye rolls. Although I would say this place is better for grown ups. It's more of a 'nice' restaurant.)
Best Italian Food I've eaten in my life... I came into this place a month ago with my cousin because I had a groupon (it was my first time in here) LOL. My first thought was, "oh great, fine dining and I'm in my jeans and sweater!" I was ready for the stares and hush hush whispers from the patrons and staff but not at all. The staff was extremely nice, (especially the tall white dude, hella cute!) and there was a table of loud mouth old ladies talking their heads off like they were having a shouting match just to be heard amongst themselves. haha So my cousin had the eggplant parmesan and I had the seafood pasta thing with red wine I think. The flavors were just sooo mouth watering like I didn't want to scarf my food down, I took my time eating (which is not something I am used to lol). Their pasta is from Italy I think that's what it said on the menu. Nothing like Olive Garden or Bucca which I'm used to. I will be going here for my Italian fix! Yay.
Had the Linguine with Clams, definitely not as impressed as I thought I would be but still good. The calamari appetizer was delicious, I loved how it was paired with arugula on the bottom. Their Guava Mojito was amazing though and we had a wonderful server
Thanks to the so-called "Economic Recession", department holiday luncheons have been the "in-thing" for most companies.    The days of grand Holiday Parties are nearing extinction as the demand for cut backs and secret CEO bonuses continue to rise.    But then again, why should I be complaining when I already have a job I love and the best co-workers in my career history.    So our department ventured to Spali in Palo Alto to celebrate and have one more "HOORAH" before the Christmas holiday.    Upon our arrival, I was digging the first impression as we entered the restaurant - spacious dining tables dressed to the nines with the welcoming smell of Italian food ahead.     I was so ready to take the first seat at the largest elongated table until our hostess continued walking to the back patio area.    WTH?   It's like 54 degrees outside.     Are we eating outside?   Surely, we continued to follow her as she graciously lead us to the back private room and presented our reserved dining area.   This private room was quiet small for 20-30 people.     It was also too quiet with no ambient noise and a wall space heater that could not keep up with the cold wind that often gusted into our meat locker.    When the wait staff closed the double doors, we all felt like step children waiting for our adopted parents to feed us.     There are no windows in this room.    And my greatest assumption is that this room must have been a storage room turned "dining quarters".      F**K it.... Let's eat! Ravioli Con Granchio  $14.95 Shredded Dungeness crab meat stuffed inside this signature ravioli was the perfect calling to our luncheon.   Surrounded with champagne cream sauce and topped with sweet cherry tomatoes, this was a great four piece seafood cuisine.   Even though the capers weren't at its best, the shredded cheese and green onions tied in the success factor and enjoyable texture.     I would recommend the Acacia wine to accompany this dish because of the screaming aroma of vanilla, lemon zest, spicy ginger, and white peach. Sourdough Bread Complimentary sourdough bread will always be a hit or miss.    Spalti's "made fresh daily" sourdough bread is a BIG HIT!    Slightly crunchy on the outside and perfectly soft on the inside.    I found myself eating six pieces of bread before our main course.    No, I wasn't super hungry.   I just know when great bread is to be enjoyed right away. Minestrone Soup Screw the soup!   I'd rather have day old Cup of Noodles.   This was a major upset because it was bland with minced up contents.   I felt like they dumped canned soup into a hot blender. The Service This is where they lost stars.   Our wait staff wasn't smooth on their delivery and presentation of their dishes.    First they rushed out our dishes making us play "Oh... I think this one is yours."  Second, they brought out the wrong dish for one my colleagues (and he waited an extra 15 minutes for the staff to bring out the right dish).    And lastly, they seemed to be quite in a hurry to go through our table.    We found several moments where we had to sit and wait for extra bread, napkins, and other requests.    I was annoyed for the moment when they dashed off to the kitchen.    And not once, did they ask if there was anything else that they could get us.    Sorry... minus two stars and half stars.   In truth, this will not be a return visit for me.    The front portion the restaurant is amazing but being in the back room blows! Parking I was lucky to find parking right in front of the restaurant.   Immediately after getting out of my car, a parking cop chalked by back tires and proceeded to clock me in my two hour time limit.    This is always an uneasy feeling when you're trying to enjoy a lunch.   And yes, I keep looking at my watch every half hour to 10 minutes to make sure I don't pass two hours.   Bastards!
Triangoli is a delicious vegetarian option. So is the flourless chocolate cake that comes with vanilla bean ice cream and raspberry sauce.
Dig this place and am a fan of the food.  A nice romantic/warm/quiet place to take a date or a parent.  The outdoor seating has overhead heating that makes nighttime dining a possibility.  Don't be fooled by the white tablecloths and shishi decor, the prices are really quite reasonable.
I stumbled upon this restaurant because every other restaurant on California was packed...except for this one. By restaurant I mean an actual sit down place. The decor in this restaurant is very strange - they got it "half right". Just imagine modern chairs and tables, but cheesy italian looking walls, paintings, etc.  The service is good not great but good enough.  Now onto the food.  I absolutely LOVE the free bread they give you prior to their entree.  It's warm and tastes homemade.  I ordered the seafood crepe and to my delight - it actually tasted good!  it was light and creamy with a good mixture of seafood and veggies. Ok...the food is good, but why the average review? UM well if you give me stomach poisoning then I must take off some stars.  You ask am I sure that it was Spalti's? YES. I had nothing else to eat that day and this happened about 1-2 hours after I ate there. SO needless to say despite how good the food and bread was,..i may not be back for a while. It's hard for me to go back to a place where I question their cooking methods.  we'll see...but dont' say I didn't warn you...
Went w/a friend a couple of weeks ago here for dinner. Definitely think this is a date place as there are candles on the table and it's dimly lit and intimate in size. The food was very good. We split the antipasto, then I had a seafood ravioli that was on special and my friend had the tri-colored fettuccine w/seafood. For dessert, flourless chocolate cake and mango custard. I highly recommend the custard as a great new flavor. The flourless cake tasted fine and I'm sure the tiramisu is probably good, but I'm all about experiencing as many new things as possible and this is something you should definitely try. Everything was reasonably priced (again, good for a date--you can get good food that's not wicked cheap but not insanely expensive either so you can make your date happy and not be broke at the end).
Spalti was a disappointing experience.  My wife and I are lactose intolerant and this restaurant was capable of making very few accommodations.  Example: - The bread had milk in it.  They don't put milk in bread in Italy! Why here? - The Marinara sauce had butter in it.  They don't put butter in marinara sauce in Italy.  Why here? Most Italian dishes on the menu contained dairy for some reason.  The reason?  The chef is not Italian!  Don't know about the owners but one would expect and Italian restaurant to represent the Italian food that is served in Italy.  Argh!  Does anyone know of a authentic Italian restaurant in the south bay?
Had walked by many times but finally came with my family The service and the food were great. The fresh pasta is amazing, especially the crab ravioli, and the lentil soup was really good too. My sister's veal was also cooked perfectly and ttheir wine selections were excellent and not too expensive
The service was Impecable. Within 10 minutes of being seated we recieved our wine and caesar salad. Nice Job! Our waitress was very kind, helpful, and a pleasure to be around. I wish I knew her name to give her the credit she deserves. If this helps, she's a young gal reddish/blonde hair, and I believe a Russian accent (sorry if that's wrong).There was also a gentleman cruising the restaurant clearing plates and topping off water that deserves credit, too. My boyfriend and I enjoyed the salad, he LOVED the tortellini and I enjoyed the Agnolotti con verdure.  For dessert we had the Tiramisu, yum, perfect! Thanks for the lovely time and we'll be back soon!
Based on some yelpers reviews, I thought of giving this place a go especially since there was mention of vegetarian options. Had a table of 4 and the food was touch and go. we ordered the Grigliata al fungi (nice) and Grigliata di polenta (ok). for mains we ordered the capellini (undercooked! i couldnt believe it!), the fettucine vegetali with pesto sauce - this was a special request and they fulfilled it - it was ok. the gnocchi (this was the worst dish of all - the gnocchi was chewy - the kind that sticks to your palate and is hard to swallow) and the ravioli (which was the most edible of the lot). as if that wasnt enough, we went ahead and ordered 2 desserts - mango custard (so-so) and tiramisu (soaked in coffee - practically soggy!). all in all, a terrible dinner experience - i would definitely NOT recommend this place to any vegetarians unless they want to pay high prices for substandard food. UPDATE: SEP 6, 2007. I got the nastiest email from someone I can only assume is the owner of the restaurant. (id: Master of Food D.)  I have attached his/her comments below. Talk about rude. FROM MASTER OF FOOD D. badgering emails: Note # 1: Hey you shouldnt go to Italian restaurant and look for indian food!!!  if you would order fish, steak or any other dish I am sure you would be happy but the way you comment is not friendly and honest at all.... my reccomendation is not  to eat at Italian restaurant.. Best place for your taste would Indian food... and please dont write a comment like you had  try all of food at spalti you only had wery simple dishes from the menu whic is no no meat no fish  no chicken  I don't know what kind of  taste you were looking for??? NOTE 2: Another thing!!! Have you ever been in Italian restaurant? if not please improve your knowledge about Italian food before you make any comment other wise you be look like an .... or funny..You are saying that'' capellini was under cooked'' !!! dear diner,In in Itali they never cooked pasta more than half way always under cooked whic is called ''ALDENTE" now at least you know something. and you may wanna dont look funny remove your comment  at l east that part!!! To Master of Food D.  - my opinions are mine to express in this forum. dont treat me like a fool - this isnt my first experience eating out.  Instead of hassling me  and asking me to CHANGE my opinion (and I do know the difference between al dente and UNDERCOOKED! as well as good Italian vs not!)- why dont you focus on improving the food. This outlash only reflects poorly on your attitude and your restaurant and does NOTHING to change my opinion.
We did a walk-in to Spalti this Saturday night and it is a great find. The starter, a polenta dish from the Daily Special was a great kick off!  The wait staff is very helpful and knowledgeable and recommended a great Cab (Kunde 01, Sonoma) that everyone on the table enjoyed. For entree, I got the Pesce fresco del giorno, the Salmon was indeed fresh and perfectly cooked. And my hubby got the Lamb Chops which he said was somewhat overdone for his taste, it was medium well instead of medium rare.  Spalti also offers some good vegetarian selections and our friends enjoyed their Fettucine vegetali misto , Pasta with fresh tomato, herbs, basil, garlic and fresh asparagus and other season goodies. The other one was  Melanzane all parmigiana, breaded eggplant topped with parmesan and mozzarella cheeses served with spinach and tomato sauce.
Very disappointed! We order a penne con pollo, a linguine con gameri, and 2 linguine con vongale e cozze to go.  The linguine with clams have A LOT of sand. You get to feel the sand in every bite because not only the clams but  the pasta also got sand.  We pay $61 buck and got two OK pasta and 2 awful sandy linguine. Will never eat here again.
We passed by this place on our way to Pro Bono.  Found out the wait at Pro Bono was 40 minutes so we decided to give Spalti a try. The inside is very nice and has lovely decor. A little on the dark side but there were candles on the table.  Service was friendly, a little slow at times but it was quite busy in there.  They make VERY good cocktails here.  Salad and bread were yummy.  I had crabcakes but I didnt care much for them.  My friend had the hanger steak which was really good.  When they brought the bill they also brought us some mescoti(?) some kind of desert wine, which was good.  The potatoes they served with it were delicious as well. Overall it was a nice experience.
I like Spalti as a relatively affordable, yet nice dinner spot. It's a cute, small restaurant that offers good Italian fare. The service is excellent. Unfortunately, there menu options are somewhat limited, but what they do offer is quite good. The Caesar salad comes with anchovies, which is always good in my eyes. Most entrees are priced under $20, which is fantastic for Palo Alto.
very nice service and the food is delicious and fresh, will visit again!
The dining room was quiet and good for an intimate setting. I ordered the carpaccio (average but too many capers) and the gnocchi served with pears in a gorgonzola sauce. The gnocchi were most certainly light pillows of starchy goodness. The pears though could not stand up to the sauce although they added a textural component. My wife had the special grilled mahi mahi served with grilled squash and rice. The fish was done quite well although I thought that for $20 I might have wanted a slightly larger portion. The server was helpful and attentive and I made sure to tip them well. There's a lot of stores and places on University, but California is a quieter street.
Nothing here to complain about; service was great, prices reasonable (especially when someone else is paying for it), menu had a good, deep selection of tried and true familiar Italian favorites. The food was good, but just not 'knock-your-socks-off', which I feel like I should reserve five stars for in a restaurant. Everything was great, though, and I'd go back any day fo the week.
Orgasmic from start to finish.
So we had this restaurant booked for a department holiday luncheon. The reason this place was chosen was because they had a good price and they allowed us to add some dishes to the pre fixed menu. This places started of well. The bread was warm and the olive oil had herbs in it which was nice. The service was fine nothing spectacular but it wasn't bad either. We got our appetizers which were nice. The calamari i had was a little over done. It was dark brown and i was dissapointed that the chef would let this leave the kitchen. The polenta had a nice smokey flavor when it was grilled and i did enjoy that dish. This is where they lose 2 of their stars. I had the gnocchi and i was so sad. The gnocchi was rather very gummi instead. What sure didn't help was it was rolled into a rather big cube so the whole texture and chewing it really made me find it tough to enjoy. Overall only the entree disapointed me enough to burn a horrible memory in my mind, i can understand with all these holiday parties and lunch rush how things can be sub par but i am not sure if i'm that enthusiastic in rushing in there again.
I had a great meal, risotto and oso buco, the service was very, very good. With all the overpriced mediocre choices around Palo Alto, this should be on everyone's fav list.
I was quite disappointed by this restaurant.  The prices are reasonable, but even a half-decent cook can do Italian just as well.  The dishes were generally lacking complexity and any innovative kick.  The best part was the desserts and wines.  The desserts were delicious and beautifully served and the wait staff was incredibly helpful in picking out some great bottles.  The atmosphere was also very nice and it made for enjoyable outing... I just wouldn't go there when I was looking for an impressive meal.
Great atmosphere, okay Italian food. I want to like Spalti more since it has a really nice atmosphere and dining outside in the front of the restaurant and a comfy patio in the back. However, Italian food was okay but not delicious.  We had the tri-colored seafood pasta ($15.95) - okay but could have used a bit more flavor - and then the linguine con vongole was tasty but not inspiring (it did have real clams though.) One kudo: bread and olive oil were fantastic.
Great food, Good prices and nice quite atmosphere. My girlfirend and I usually go there when were in Palo Alto.  Great place to go.
I had lunch here with my mom today and was pleasantly surprised. The food was really good: I had a carpaccio and a bistecca insalata and my mom had penne con pollo. The only downside was the service in the beginning: it took them forever to bring the menu, but besides that, it was a very good culinary experience.
I can give only 3 stars to this place. The interior and atmosphere are pretty good, perfect for a date or for a cozy meeting with friends; however, the food was terrible. I got a salad with musty taste, tasteless risotto with undercooked wet mushrooms. I would definitely recommend the restaurant to focus more on their food. The service was good, slow, but people were friendly.
Went here for lunch and had the pollo marsala.  The chicken was tasty with the right amount of saltiness.  I liked the fried potatoes and the assorted veggies that came with it.
Been back a few times since my last review and much improved.  It's my beloved Spalti all over again.
I would have given this place 5 stars but the last time I went there, they had completely changed... Read more 
Hey guy's I found one....a good Italian Restaurant in the south bay (not great but good). Everyone enjoyed their pasta dinners. Did not try the entree's, that's next. Very particular about traditional Italian food having grown up in an Italian family in Boston.   Enjoy
Would dine here again! Came here with a Groupon; service was attentive but not overwhelming. Hanger steak was tender and juicy, though pasta and bread were so-so.
I came here because Cafe Brioche was packed and Spalti's was completely empty. I ordered a Panini but unfortunately it such tasted like a plain sandwich.  I wish they had used high moisture mozzarella  instead of the low moisture one.  Melted low moisture mozzarella reminds of cheap pizza.  The fries were  over-cooked and soggy.
Spalti is my token date place. Very good food, charming atmosphere, usually good service, it all adds up well. It's the same two or three servers every time, and at this point they've started giving me funny looks when I walk in with yet another girl, but the familiarity is nice. Spalti maintains a certain fine-dining air, but combines it with small-town sensibility. The menu is pretty standard, although I've decided that there isn't much more that can be done with Italian food at reasonable prices. What they do have they do well. I've had the fish of the day several times and it's always been excellent, as have all the other entrees and pastas. The bread is always warm and fresh, and the olive oil/balsamic vinagrette smothers an assortment of herbs that really add a lot. This attention to detail really does extend to the rest of the food. I will say that the salads aren't much, however. Just get them if you feel like you need to be healthy, but don't let it be the meal. Service hovers between good and exceptional. For the life of my I can't remember his name, but I had a gentleman wait on me who was hilarious and engaging and knew how to recommend a wine, so much so that I let him have half the bottle. Other times it's been more serving-by-rote, but never bad. The wine list is extensive, consisting only of California and Italian varietals, and while the Californian wines are a bit typical (a lot of well-known vineyards), the prices are reasonable. The Italians, however, are spotlight stealers. A couple are also on the ordinary side (Querreto, Ruffino), most are excellent. The Terrabianca Red Seal Super Tuscan deserves special mention, and I cannot wait to try one of the Barbarescos. I've had my share of Negronis here as well, they're enormous and made perfectly, though it's not quite a full bar. Spalti is a solid, above-average Italian restaurant, and I've found it hard to have a bad time there.
A-Ma-Zing Italian Food!  Great service and delicious food, the reason we enjoy going out to eat.  Gotta love the Crab Ravoli!!
Spalti was chosen for a rehearsal dinner by our cousins. The menu consisted of an appetizer (bruschette), salad, and choice of entree and choice of dessert. The food was mediocre, this being the bay area - there are plenty of top notch, authentic italian food. The banquet area was in the back, the problem was the service -- it took us nearly 2 hours to get our entrees - each part of the meal would take a long time to come out - in fact, we needed to consistently bother them to even get water and bread. I can't speak for the food in the main dining area but based on what we had in the back - i would NOT go to this place again and definitely do not hold a private party in the back ... the service is so awful it will leave you wanting to leave the place.
One of the nicest and most efficient waitstaffs of any restaurant in Palo Alto.  Two of the servers remembered my meals from the visit before!  Delicious salads, pasta, and seafood.  The coconut tart (not always on the menu, I believe) was out of this world.  Really good coffee. Relaxed, warm atmosphere.  And it's great to not have the hectic parking of University Ave.!
Came here for a romantic dinner for my partner's 30th birthday. Was nice and quiet on a Monday night. The service was a little slow at first but definitely reminded me of a true Italian dining experience, where they did not rush us at all. Not a lot of conversation with the servers, which we appreciated.  The bread + balsamic vinaigrette they serve before the meal was very good. We shared the polenta with mushrooms as an appetizer which was amazing. I also got the gnocchi which was out of this world; it was so rich and filling that I had to take over half of it home! They ended our meal with a complimentary glass of prosecco.   We closed the place down but not once did we feel rushed- a very leisurely and romantic meal, and we felt very well taken care of.
This place looked proming, but shortly after we sat down, the obnoxiously loud Pavarotti (or some tacky version thereof) got on our nerves.  The bread was delicious, but just about everything else disappointed - the minestrone was bland, carpaccio sub-par, ravioli undercooked, steak overcooked.  With so many alternatives in the area, skip this one.
Just had a business lunch there. Lots of free tables, picked one outside in the shade, very nice setting, quick service, food was fine, overall good experience.
While the service is very good, I definitely thought the food was overpriced for what it was. The bread and herbed balsamic olive oil was very good but the crab ravioli and Osso Buco my friend and I ordered were both just okay as was the Sonoma Salad (mixed greens, sliced applies, gorgonzola, walnuts) we shared. I think La Strada on University Ave is better; at least, their menu overall is very good. Perhaps we just ordered the wrong things but I found the food to be pretty unmemorable and  left feeling like we had just paid too much for dinner.
Actually I would give it 3.5 stars.  It's a nice atmosphere, I think a good place for a date.  I've been coming here for several years, and they have done a renovation of their bathrooms (really nice job!!) and upgraded the chairs.  The best part is the warm bread and dip you get.  It's delicious!!  I always order the eggplant parm which is fantastic.  It's not too salty and comes with spinach in between layers of eggplant and the sauce is really great (tastes homemade and isn't overbearing).  I also get the mista salad, it's just a fresh, simple greens salad with a light dressing and is perfect as a starter.  We've tried everything from the grilled portabella appetizer to the calamari and brusetta and like it all.  The only downer is the minestrone soup, which was quite boring.  All in all, service is good and I would recommend it as a date place because they sort of take their time and you don't feel rushed.  I've also been here for Valentine's and it was really sweet, they gave each lady a rose on the way out, and it was festively decorated with balloons in celebration of V Day.  In fact, I just might be heading back here again to celebrate this year's Valentine's!
This was a romantic evening & I chose this restaurant to fit that billing. Never been here before and read reviews of it from Yelp, Open Table and Palo Alto weekly. It sounded like the right place so my date & I can have a lot of conversation with great food & service most importantly...And I was right! Excellent Brushchetta where the flavors of the tomato and seasoning were bouncing off my tongue and the right crunch on the bread. Also had a special Calamari wrap for appetizer and I was amazed at the tenderness and texture of the squid. Just delicious! My date had the Mezzaluna and I had the special pepper corn flank steak and it was cook to my liking of medium rare. The Mezzaluna was the 1 of 2 closest thing to a white cream sauce.  So if you are in the mood for white cream sauce pasta, the choices are limited, but I like the dish.  Luckily had room for dessert, excellent Tartufo al Cioccolato!  I will go back again.
really mediocre food and absent-minded service. especially considering that there was almost no one else at the restaurant.
Monday nights in Palo Alto call for italian cuisine...so i went here...other than being a little pricey for my taste as of this evening it was fantastic...the service was grade "A"...i was served the carpaccio  and gnocchi...very good...so 4.5 stars if i was allowed too, once again...
Love this place! The staff are friendly and the food is always delicious. They are reasonably priced and unpretentious...what more can you ask for?
I have eaten here once and had the Agnolotti con verdure. I would go back just for that. It was very tasty. A nice pasta and vegetable combination.
It's ok. Not bad for lunch.
I agree with Isabella above.  GREAT ATTENTIVE SERVICE!  Nice ambiance (we ate outside) and delicious food.  Gnocchi Gorgonzola was outstanding.  We split the Baby Arugula goat cheese salad - outstanding.  And the Rigatoni Bolognese was a healthy portion and delicious.  I must have been there on a good day because our wait staff was so friendly and attentive, I had to Yelp about it right away.  Beware the hours - I think it's wrong on Yelp, they open at 5pm.
I was not impressed with Spalti.  The food and service were OK, but the place got  crowded, hence noisy, with several large (one over 20!) groups of folks.  My biggest gripe:  Because my husband does not drink wine, I order by the glass.  I noticed that at adjoining tables folks were accorded elegant wine glasses to accompany bottles of wine.  I ordered a glass ($9 -- not a "cheap" wine) and it came in a tacky, wimpy glass (as if I'd ordered a glass of bulk chablis).  What a put-down!  It's not my fault that I do not order a bottle!  Nose-in-the-air stuff I can do without!
Pricy for what you get, service is slow, decor is characterless, food is OKish. Waiters are nice.
Great restaurant. Been going for years. Sumptuous food. Very, very fresh. Port choices and desserts are a nice touch. Highly recommend it!
One of the best Italian places around in my opinion. The Gorgonzola gnocchi is AMAZING, as is the Triangoli. The Triangoli cream of tomato sauce is to-die-for. The complimentary bread is also fabulous. Wait staff was very attentive, and this restaurant has a really nice atmosphere. Definitely one of the best Italian places around. It puts Pasta? and all of the other Italian places on University Ave to shame.
I went to Spalti today as a potential location for my rehearsal dinner this summer. I honestly wasn't expecting too much since the reviews were mixed  -  guess it's good to go without expectations, because then you are pleasantly surprised!  I went with my fiance's mom and my grandma and all 3 of us ordered different things which we all liked. I got the fusili pasta with capers, olives and tomatoes, nothing mind-boggling amazing, but it was a solid dish. My future mother-in-law got homemade pasta with incredible veggies and my grandma got the beef carpaccio which she loved. The bread was amazing and so was the dessert they gave us con gratis -  flourless chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream and amazing sauce on the plate. The atmosphere is homey and nothing too pretentious, but just nice enough. Plus the bathroom was really nice! We're probably going to have our event there - friendly, accommodating staff, great location and overall just a nice restaurant that's reasonable for big groups.
