i've eaten here a few times, lunch and dinner also weekend.  the food is good, they've never failed but i went here on a saturday and service was slow, i guess they were busy. i'd eat here again. parking is very  hard though
Decent food (which I would expect for this price range and neighborhood) but the service was simply atrocious. Our waiter plopped our food down on the table and promptly ignored us for the remainder of our meal. I watched him stand 15 feet from me to chat with another wait person for half an hour. He never asked if our meal was satisfactory, never asked if we wanted more drinks, and our bus person had to direct him to us for the bill. I don't think this person cares about tips. Just saying.
Normally we don't hit up downtown PA for food, but I figured lunch time might be a good chance to try something new without spending too much money.  The places across the street still looked too fancy for us grad students, so we tried Pasta Q (which I always thought was just Pasta?) I had a dish with sausage, mushrooms, and peas in a cream sauce.  Typically the dish is made with ham instead of sausage - which was one of my favorite meals in Rome - and the sausage ended up dominating the flavor.  My partner had the sausage in a spicy tomato sauce - he thought it was decent. We weren't disappointed, but we weren't blown away.  It wasn't cheap, but there aren't many options in PA that are less expensive.  We might go back if we are 1) in downtown 2) starving 3) not wanting to spend a lot of money.  But no special trips just for Pasta Q.
I LOVE this place. They have an amazing late night happy hour and the bartenders are friendly & fun to talk to.
My friends and I had a horrible experience at Pasta Q. Every time we turned around our waiter was there to tell us to hurry up and finish! It was so annoying and I have a pretty high tolerance for poor service. I would give this place zero stars if I could. Three of us were hanging out at the bar having drinks and waiting for the rest of our party. We hadn't seen each other in a while and we weren't in any rush. The hostess offered us a table since most of us were there. We sat down but -- keep in mind -- we did NOT ask to be seated. We were waiting for the rest of our party for a little while when our waiter asked for our order. We said we needed a few more minutes and he points to his watch and tells us they have other reservations. Ew. Tacky! We place our order and get our food. We are not even finished eating when the bill arrives. No friendly, "I'll take this when you're ready," like at other restaurants. We ignore it because -- you know what! -- we're still eating our food. One of girls in our party excused herself to use the bathroom because she was done. The rest of us were finishing the last bites of our meal when our waiter appears and essentially scolds us for not having our bill ready. Ridiculous! He tells us that another party has been waiting for 15 minutes for a table. Oh, but if we wanted to scoot over, we could stay longer. Okay, why wouldn't you just say that when you took our order instead of constantly harassing us during our meal. It's not like we were even taking that long. Another patron was seated at his table long before us,  finished his meal before us, and was sitting at his table working on his laptop. Did they bug him to hurry up and pay? No. So, no offer for dessert or coffee. Just pay your bill and get out. Fine. We left with a tip that reflected the awful service. And, none of us will ever be back.
Had a great dinner last night at PastaQ. We ate out on the patio, and had a nice time watching people passing by. The service & food was good. However portion was small.
Not bad for a place that has plenty of....pasta. The wait staff is friendly and the atmosphere is fun. I just wish the parking situation was a tad better,
Dinner served late on weekdays (after every other restaurant in the vicinity gives you the "kitchen closed" line) is a big bonus in my book. The food is good and now let's fast forward to the infamous service people complain about. In my late-night experience, the waiter was polite and we were not rushed at all despite being some of the last people around. I would go back.
My feelings on Pasta Q are mainly negative, but a bit mixed - the drinks are good, the service is decent, and it's in a prime location, but that just doesn't make up for how terrible the food is.  Everything is drenched in butter or other sauces, and the gigantic portions don't make up for the blandness.  If you want Italian food in Palo Alto, I'd recommend Il Fornaio or Buca di Beppo instead.
Pasta Q was one of the worst culinary experiences I have had on University Ave.  The first signs of encroaching disaster were the bread, which was dry and stale, then the water, which was served in a dirty cup.  When they served the food, I was stunned by the amount of money I had just shelled out for the items sitting in front of me.  I could only eat a few bites of it before giving up on the entire meal.  The pasta was bland and overpriced, and the House Salad was an atrocity. The atmosphere was bad as well.  Inside is loud and crowded, and outside is gross. Going here was a huge mistake.  I am never returning.
The difference between a good restaurant and a great place to eat (assuming quality of food meets expectations) is service. The crew at Pastas is experienced, well trained, and fully aware of the status of every table. They communicate amongst themselves so that no customer has to flag a server down. The head waiter, Marco, is a seasoned professional. He doesn't just recite the menu, he can tell you how dishes are prepared, will help you to create a plate to taste, and can give you as much detail about the wine as you need.
The risotto I had here was overpriced, made with normal rice , and contained overcooked shrimp.  They do have a few decent beers on tap though, so I suggest drinking a lot to get through the thoroughly average fare (especially if someone else is paying).
I've been here with friends a bunch of times while in school in the area. My friends have had varied experiences -- sometimes they get a good dish, sometimes not. I always have a great meal, but that's because I always order the Gnocci with Truffle Sauce (cream-based). It's heavy, but super delicious. Service here is okay -- sometimes it can be hard to locate a waiter (let alone your own). There are usually tables available, though, so if you are really craving pasta (especially gnocci), stop by!
Pasta Q catered our lunch on Monday. We had 2 different salads, mixed green and caprese. Penne Giannino, and Penne w/Tomato sauce. The salad was decent. I really love a good caprese, but the mozzarella has to be super fresh and the tomatoes vine ripened. These were not, but still, they were decent. The Penne Giannino was pretty good. I enjoyed the pesto sauce and the pine nuts were a lovely finish. Overall, it was ok. We will probably order from them again.
Food - 3 Service - 5 I like this place because it's casual, there's always seating, and the staff is very friendly. The food is decent, but depends on the dish. Guazzetto di Cozze e Vongole - Appetizer dish of mussels and clams in a spicy tomato and garlic sauce. By far my favorite thing here. Spaghetti Taratina - I swapped my spaghetti out for angel hair. Not sure if it's because of the angel hair pasta, but I think this would have been better if it was saucier. Rigatoni Bolognese - Standard, not the best I've had but not bad either. The pasta is al dente.
Love love love Pasta Q! When I lived in Mountain View this was one of my favorite spots to visit for lunch. The salad was always fresh, the entre's piping hot! The free bread is also delicious, I'm a huge fan of fresh balsamic vinaigrette and they have plenty of it. The management of the Palo Alto location was generally way more friendly than that of the Mountain View location. I believe it is a brother ran establishment if I'm not mistaken, incredibly nice staff. All this food, and a few glasses of wine can be yours for an affordable rate. Go check it out!
Actually pretty surprised this place only has 3 stars. Right away we were greeting from the host with a warm smile got sat right away. And within a few mins we where greeting from the manager and he told us the special for the night. I had the pesto penne pasta with pine nuts and chicken. The pasta was perfectly al dente our waiter actually knew how to correctly say the italian dishes. ( he corrected me cause I asked him ). Over all a good experience and I would come back.
*** Review for Late Night Happy Hour *** HAPPY HOUR MENU (BAR ONLY) EVERYDAY 3 to 6pm Mon to Thur 9pm to Close Fri and Sat 10pm to Close Come here for Late Night Happy Hour! I work late, and thus I must eat late. Pasta Q makes for a great place to grab a bite to eat. Be sure to go at the listed hours in order to participate in the $5.99 pasta! I get the Fusilli Salsiccia which is their corkscrew pasta with italian sausage. I also like to eat the bread they serve and dip it in balsamic vinegar and olive oil. Add in a glass of house white wine and you can call me a happy camper! :o)
This has been one of my favorite restaurants for a while now, and the ONLY reason I would ever subject myself to the parking situation in downtown Palo Alto on a weekend. I almost always get the spaghetti arabbiata so I can't speak for their other dishes, but that one is always great. The caprese salad is pretty good too, but the serving of bruschetta is a tad on the small side. I usually make that at home instead. The ambiance is lovely and the service is awesome...I've never had too much of a wait. I moved away recently and miss this spot a lot.
I used to frequent Pasta ? in college and remember it being an extremely good value - delicious pasta at a good price. That has all changed. Their prices have increased, and the quality has gone seriously down. My boyfriend and I paid $20 each for stale bread, crappy wine, and really blah/bad pasta. The Amatriciana I had tasted like the sauce had ketchup in it, and my boyfriend's gnocchi were clearly the frozen kind. They tasted mealy and weird, and he ate about 3 of them. I would prefer the Olive Garden to Pasta ?, save your money and go else where.
Came here once w/ the boyfriend - we happen to stumble across it after getting massages at the Watercourse (AHHHH SO NICE!) - and I loved it. I've been there since and the food wasn't AS great - wouldn't necessarily recommend their pannini's - but my first time there I order gnocchi w/ the creamy pesto sauce..... SO flavorful - SO perfect - SO delicious.... Afraid it may be one of those places though that only has a FEW good selections. Would try again.
In a bizarre way I consider this like the Round Table of pasta places....it's honest and tasty.  (I know you are questioning my integrity and palate right now but I assure you, I've been to Michelin rated establishments.)
One of my favorite restaurants good food
For a while, I was rather baffled by the ? in Pasta? since a quick glance inside will leave little doubt that the restaurant specializes in this staple of Italian fare. It was only after eating there a few times that I realized what the punctuation really captures. It perfectly marks that moment on Friday nights when, having walked up and down University Ave a few too many times and realized that your restaurant options are either too bland/too expensive/too frequented/too busy and you're too tired to drive to Mt View/San Mateo/SF, you turn to your friends and ask "pasta?" Though the ? is tinged with a little resignation, at least you know this place is a reliable bet. Nothing particularly stands out, but the ingredients are fresh and the food will fill your stomach. So basically, it's meh?
I have visited Pasta? multiple times and it remains one of my tried-and-true favorites in Palo Alto. Pasta? sits on the bustling University Avenue of Palo Alto as a hole-in-the-wall restaurant frequented by college students (from nearby Stanford University), high school students and families on weekend nights. As the name describes, most of the menu consists of pasta with the requisite appetizers like bruschetta (quite good). Portions are ample and budget-friendly with enough interest to keep you returning. Expect a wait if you show up with a group of four or more, but don't expect to wait too long because tables open up quickly. Moderate noise level, friendly service, and interesting photography to highlight the decor.
Yes...the question mark....what the hell is it really. Well they had devil's canyon on tap for a while...so not all bad.
Not a good happy hour. And the bar-sized pasta bolognese had pasta that was WAY undercooked, even by Pasta? standards. I like pasta with a bite, but it definitely was hard and beyond chewy. The cioppino, though I did not try it, did not instill confidence in me. It basically looked like mussels and clams covered in ketchup, rather than a thin soup. Also, their caprese came with salad, rather than just being tomatoes with sliced mozzarella. Neither of these were really worth the $5.99 happy hour price tag, in my opinion. I may still come back for lunch or dinner some time, but not for happy hour.
This place has a damn good lunch special. For about $10, you get a drink, soup or salad, and a... Read more 
Unfortunately, prices have been raised considerably since my previous review only a year and a half ago.   The lunch special that used to be $10 is now $12.  At dinner, most of the pastas are $15-$16 (and many of them are meatless), an increase for some of them by around 30%.   I still think the pasta is pretty good here and some of their sauces are outstanding, but a meal that was really good at $12 is suddenly not so delicious when its $16.   The new prices mean that previously more expensive, fancier places are suddenly comparable or even cheaper, so I doubt we'll be returning here for dinner. Also, the excellent fettucine alfredo seems to be gone from the lunch & dinner menus online, although I don't know if they would make it on request.
My 100th review!!  Yay! Pasta? (prounouced Pasta Q) has an absolutely perfect fettucine alfredo,... Read more 
Came here with a friend the other night.  The staff was super friendly and attentive (unlike a nearby eatery), and on a Friday night we were seated almost immediately.  I ordered the rigatoni bolognese and it was DELICIOUS!  Not a sauce I usually gravitate toward, but I was very pleased.  My friend got some sort of chicken dish that also looked great.  If in the neighborhood, I would definitely return!
Good service, okay food. I had the fusilli con salsiccia as recommended by a few on Yelp, and it was al dente, but it was definitely way overpriced for the quality and what it contained. The mushroom appetizer was good, but had way too much balsamic vinegar. Just a bit less and it would've been great. Tried some of other people's entrees, such as a chicken (too dry) and a fish (not memorable). This restaurant is decent, but would not be one of my first choices on University Ave.
I escaped from work to have my birthday lunch here. I came with the intention of ordering a prosciutto panini, but got sidetracked with the lunch special -- a soup or salad paired with a regular-sized serving of pasta. I ended up with the penne norchina -- pasta with Italian sausage, mushrooms, peas in a cream sauce. Before I get to the pasta, though, let me cover a couple things: 1) The service was amicable enough, but riddled with errors. From mistaking my iced tea order for diet coke (I don't know how that got lost in translation), to asking my friend how he'd like his gin and tonic (on the rocks for clarification), to not knowing what the lunch specials were (the waitress was convinced the penne all' arrabbiatta was not on the list until she checked the menu, and that was after my salad came out and he inquired why he didn't get one...we had assumed she put in two salad orders), it was rather disappointing. 2) The salad was "meh." I was underwhelmed by the salad. I'm not sure what kind of dressing they were using, but it needed, well, it needed flavor. A light dusting of salt and pepper made it palatable enough I guess but not enough to make me want to eat all of it, despite my personal aspiration to eat more vegetables. I noticed other patrons giving the bus boy pretty full salad plates as well, so I'm probably not the only one who thought this. I also noticed the woman next to me liberally salting her soup, so I can imagine that being bland as well. Despite those missteps, my friend and I did enjoy our pastas. That fact alone is what is keeping the three star rating. Although, I did have to ask for the parmesan cheese for my pasta -- they almost left me without it. I will give this place another try though. Or perhaps I'll just end up at the one in Mountain View.
their portions are kind of small for the price they're charging...but they were tasty. however, i'm not totally sure if it was worth it.....service was pretty good though
Finally came in here with the S.O. this past weekend ... Experience was a bit ode... Typical PA crowd... so it was hard to get a hold of who the host was. When we did... he wanted us to seat in between two families while the inside of the place had tons of tables. Thus, the S.O. told him no... we changed and avoided the sandwich table. Service was actually decent. Water, table and oil and vinegar... our main server came to check with us. All was good. For me at least... S.O. wasn't too happy in general. I got their special for the night: farfella rustica (shrimp with pancentta and basil) = it was actually decent! It was the right portion and the right taste. Not to bland, not to salty, just right. I also ordered a cocktail: FLIRTINI (X-Rated Mango and Blood Orange infused vodka..shh! Shaken and served up) = where was the alcohol? Definitely watered down! Plus they didn't have Hanger One so that's an automatic bust for me. Come on, support your local distillery! S.O. got the PERFECT PEAR (Absolut Pear - 7up - Pineapple juice - Over ice) = diabetes attack! Oh dear, this was so sweet that I question where the alcohol went? Most drinks that are sweet are usually deadly, oh not this one. It was like drinking pineapple juice with 5 lbs of sugar. Yuck. Overall... probably won't be coming back unless we're really desperate for food. PS: Male host that was seating people that night struck out every time he was going to seat families. He didn't get it: cramming people all together when there is space... not going to fly!
As a picky eater, I love this place! When I go into a restaurant called Pasta? I know EXACTLY what they serve. Pasta. Plain and simple. And lots of it :) I wouldn't call this place "memorable" in the least, but it is my go-to place when I can't think of anything else and don't have the patience/time/desire to explore or try something new. I don't see how you can go wrong with Pasta Q. It's a chain restaurant, so you can't have high expectations. But it still manages to maintain a nice, charming atmosphere that puts it a step up above a casual restaurant and definitely a leg up above other chain restaurants like Chili's or Chevy's. Decent restaurant for either lunch or dinner.
I know, you're probably wondering why the hell would I go to a chain pasta place when there are numerous other Zagat-rated Italian restaurants literally across the street? It was me and 5 kids. Need I say more? Anyway, the staff was great, the kids loved loved it. It really is a great, economical place to take kids. The open-air atmosphere is nice too. If you're trying to impress a date with an eclectic and sophisticated palate, this ain't gonna meet that goal, fool. Pasta? (I kind of get why there's a question mark now), I totally agree with others that you really lucked out with location and great people to serve your customers. The one in Fremont closed quickly, and I was not surprised at all.
Mediocre food and drinks. However, the happy hour is awesome here - great drink discounts AND discounts on pasta! I definitely liked the fact that they have happy hour deals on pasta - better than your typical happy hour appetizer specials (chicken wings, etc etc). I ordered the Fusilli Salsiccia, which was decent, but at $5 I'm not really complaining. I chose to order that particular pasta dish because it was one of the few or only options that came with a carb and meat (most pasta deals are just a carb and sauce or a meat and sauce). I probably wouldn't come here to have a meal, but if I lived closer, I would hit up the happy hour occasionally.
I love this place for happy hour, when its an especially good deal. only talked to I think the person who is an owner once- and he was incredibly nice/friendly. he brought out a complimentary dessert when they accidentally brought out a pasta with the wrong type of noodles. my favorite is the fusilli salsiccia. if you look at my other reviews, you can tell I prefer asian food. primarily because when I eat out, I like to eat food I otherwise would not be able to make. pasta? is my exception. nom.
This place is good, but I'm still biased towards Osteria & if I wanted Italian I would definitely go to Osteria nonetheless... Food: Good Italian food, fresh & tasty Ambiance: like the indoor outdoor vibe, but much rather sit towards the outside then the darker inside section Service: friendly, attentive staff & the food is reasonably priced It doesn't have the charm of Osteria, but its a decent option
When it comes to pasta, it is really hard to call a place very good vs an average restaurant unless they really screw it up.  In Pasta?, we like their lunch special that for $11.95, there is a soup or salad and a pasta dish that includes "fusilli con salsiccia," a popular choice among yelpers.  My personal favorite is their entree of pasta with salmon, of which creamy pink salmon sauce wrapped around el dente pasta evenly and every bite is delicious. We came on a quiet late lunch hour, so we managed to squeeze a stroller inside, but the seating position is a bit awkward as the table leans against an uneven corner.  I don't think it'll be baby friendly for normal operation hours.
I like Pasta? because you get decent food at decent prices, with little hassle, and with very friendly service.  Better yet, it is located on the center strip of Mountain View downtown, and it is always easy for us to get seating here. Honestly, if you are looking to club at the Zen Lounge, and am just looking for a place large enough to accommodate 12 of your friends with all varying budgets, who are picky eaters, and yet who would seem like they are stil the cool crowd to hang with before going to club, come to Pasta?! If you stick to their pasta dishes, you really can't go too wrong here.  The food is not amazing, but you will leave happy and satisfied.  They do all of their pastas pretty well here.  If you need help, really just ask the waiters or waitresses, as they are a friendly staff that generally loves to help you out.
This is overall a solid pick. though nothing overly special in a town already full of fine italian restaurants. But the service is friendly and the food pretty good. Fantastic atmosphere and an affordable pick off university though my friend had a lil trouble sitting on the bench seating in the restaurant in her skirt..kept sliding
The prices have been going up and the quality has been going down. I used to occasionally eat here but I will no longer do so. The only saving grace is happy hour, when the prices for pasta are somewhat more reasonable.
I think Pasta? is an affordable, family friendly, dog friendly option on the happening Palo Alto University Ave food scene. We live in the downtown area, and we're constantly trying new restaurants since the options are so close. We've been a couple of times at lunch on a weekday and last Sunday. We were lucky to get "prime real estate" outdoor seating (especially the time we had our dog with us). Prices are very reasonable ($10-$12 pasta dishes and $8-$10 entree salads and sandwiches at lunch). Servers are very friendly. They bring out bread with olive oil and balsamic vinegar and a bottle of water for the table. You have to request ice (which is what we did). The food was very tasty both times. I would describe it as rustic or home-style Italian. On the weekday, Hubby got Spaghetti Tarantina (spicy fresh tomato sauce with mussels, calamari and shrimp), I tried the sausage panini (very flavorful, came with a side salad). We told the server we had to get back to work, and the staff was very thoughtful and kept things going without rushing us. On Sunday, we had a very attentive blond server - I didn't get her name. This time we brought our son. Hubby got the Tarantina again (it is packed with flavor - we've had a similar dishes elsewhere and this one is our fave). I had the Spaghetti Carbonara (they make it with tons of bacon and actual egg - other places just use Alfredo sauce). Our son (Mr. Picky) tried the Penne Norcina (cream sauce with crumbled sausage, normally comes with mushrooms and peas but he doesn't like those. He scarfed it down). The server offered fresh parmesan on our dishes - yes please! Of course, there are fancier places to be seen downtown, but I'd rather save my money and enjoy a meal with my family here.
I got the lasangna which was pretty good but i know they have awesome pastas, reasonable service and very reasonable prices! Awesome place for everyone!
We came in here on a Friday and sat up at the bar because the giants game was on. Our bartender, Ken was amazing! My sis and I split a bottle of Vueve and we started with brushetta which was delicious! I ordered the spaghetti with meat sauce - it was off the hook! A huge portion with great flavor! My sister ordered penne with a spicy sauce - I tried a taste..it was good, but not as good as my grub! My boyfriend had the gnocchi with the pink sauce (tomato cream) - I liked the sauce a lot and the portion was good size. We got dessert - cannoli for me and my sister got some chocolate souffle thing - the cannoli was amazing and you get two! My sister loved her dessert and kept asking me to try some - it was pretty awesome! We took an after dinner shot with bartender and called it a night! The service we got from Ken (the bartender) was perfect - he was very attentive and had a great personality! We will be back!
Pasta ? is great if you know exactly what you want - a variety of caloric pasta dishes and a decent drink selection (cocktails, not wine). Four stars for the food. Most of the pasta is pretty damn good - we've ordered the penne arrabiata, spaghetti tarantina, penne alla norcini and spaghetti carbonara and enjoyed them all. The servings are generous, with enough to take home, and I love the oil and vinegar readily available on the table (though the bread isn't very good). We also typically split a large caesar salad, which is standardly perfect. The three star rating is because of the service, which is consistently disappointing. Even when it's mostly empty, the servers are not particularly attentive. Food arrives very quickly, but usually by someone who can't speak any English and so timidly asks if you want cracked pepper on your salad that you have to have him repeat the request three times. The servers just seem more interested in fraternizing than in serving patrons, which devalues the dining experience for me.
I had the Rigatoni Bolognese here and it was awful. The sauce was not very full bodied, tasting a bit like a can of Chef Boyardee. I was very disappointed. I try to give places at least 2 opportunities, but this experience was so bad that I will have to be really hungry before I give them a second chance. This place is not for me.
My friends and I decided on eating here for lunch after walking up and down University Ave debating which place to eat best. We weren't sure about this place only because the 3 stars here on yelp, but we tried it anyways. We were seated right away, as it was pretty empty. A wait staff brought us water and bread right away. we waited a little bit before a waiter decided to come over and see if we were ready, which we were. I ordered the Fettuccine Alfredo w/ chicken. When our orders came out, only 3 of us received our food, while our friend was waiting on her's. it was a good 10 minutes before our waiter even walked by so i could ask him where her food was. He went and checked his tag, and went back and found the food on the counter and brought it right to her. My food was amazing, the sauce was so creamy, it was delicious. I had a whole plate full of it, and i knew i wasn't going to be able to finish it. So when we all finished, i took mine to go and so did my fiance. When i got home to later finish my pasta, to my dismay it was put into a Chinese food to go box, seriously??  This is an Italian restaurant and that's what you gave us our food back in? Not only that, but when THEY packed my food to go, they didn't bother adding any of the alfredo sauce to my to go pasta, so when i went to eat it, it was all butter and noodles in my box..WHERE'S MY CREAMY ALFREDO SAUCE?? I was truly disappointed. so, i had go with yelp and give it 3 stars for forgetting to bring out an order, chinese to go box, and no sauce...damn! But i will say, i'll go back and enjoy this place, just not taking my food to go. =]
So here's the breakdown. The place itself is rather swanky and nice, and as a young chick, I felt comfortable with the music choice. But here's my plusses and minuses: Plus: The manager (owner?) remembered me from before I headed off to college. Way to remember faces and food choices, that was impressive. Fast service. The salad (spinach) was amazing, and the pasta dish was overall really good. Minus: The bread was cheap, and stale. The waitress seemed irritated that we didn't order booze (sorry, I don't drink). And lastly, which was pretty unforgivable in my book: I got a dead mussel in my pasta dish. Yes, one of them was dead before it hit the pan. You can taste it. Instead of tasting fishy, yet fresh, it tasted like the bottom of the Bay. Not only disgusting, that's a health risk.
I can't really say much about the food because the best friend and I went here just for drinks around 10pm last Saturday night. We each got a drink, which wasn't too expensive. The drinks were pretty good too, a good way to start off the night. But what I did really like was how nice the manager was. The ambiance is really cozy, great place for a date or hanging out with friends. The bar is separated from the eating area, and it wasn't too crazy and loud. Definitely a great place to chill. I'd definitely come back to try the food and write a more detailed review!
Way behind on this review.  Pasta? is just ok.  The food is fine, not spectacular, though at least it's fairly cheap (particularly for Palo Alto), so I won't bitch too much. The servers can be a bit rude.  Some are stars, but the vast majority don't seem to care about being kind to their customers, at least if their customers appear to be younger than 50.  Which is fine, but don't expect me to tip you well if you don't bring me water or bread for fifteen minutes and then get surly with me when I'm ready to order the first time you speak to me, don't order a drink, and don't want to order a dessert. Blah.
1 star for the main courses + 1 bonus star for a nice happy hour. I am sorry but if you have average to above average prices, and have the word pasta in your name, you need to have decent pasta sauce. It has always tasted canned or generally unfresh. And guess what? That ruins everything else =( Also, the uncreative menu doesn't help. This is the magic of "location location location" - being on University Ave gets it plenty of patrons. But very much a below average place.
$9.95 for the house salad + entree + drink. That's unheard of in the Bay Area. Usually the drink is not included and that's where restaurants get you, on the drink but here its included refills, though). I had to brush up on my Italian before ordering. The fusilli con salsiccia (say that ten times) corkscrew pasta with ground Italian sausage in a spicy tomato sauce was as stated on the menu, spicy which was a plus. It had good flavor and seasoning. They gave plenty of bread before the entree (always a plus). The salad was standard garden variety The waitress was attentive and was light on her feet. For the price and quality I cant be mad at this place. Will I go back? Hell Yeah(especially for a lunch time deal)
Color me unimpressed.  My party descended upon Pasta? last night when we discovered that Vero is closed on Sundays.  The menu looked great, but when the food actually came out, it was... eh. For starters, a couple of my dining companions ordered steak and asked for it to be medium rare.  It came out overly well-done and thus chewy, in a really bad way. When pasta dishes are served at decent Italian restaurants, the servers typically bring out a wedge of parmesan cheese and a cheese grater.  What does Pasta? servers have in place of this?  A plate of pre-grated cheese with a pair of tongs. Final straw: I'm a HUGE mac 'n cheese lover, so whenever I see that on any menu, I HAVE to order it.  Actually, mac 'n cheese at an Italian restaurant like this should have been a red flag, but blinded by my lust for mac 'n cheese, I went against my better judgment and ordered it anyways. It was literally the. worst. mac 'n cheese. I've. EVER. had.  The only other time I've had mac 'n cheese this bad was at a dive bar in San Francisco.  Except they weren't a business that specializes in pasta and cheese sauces, and it was half the price.  Oh, and it was at a dive bar.  Bland and oily, it seemed like it was more grease, cream and milk than cheese. Their only saving grace was the guazzetto di cozze evongole, a smaller dish that consisted of mussels in tomato sauce that we later ordered.  Now that was pretty darn tasty.  Their service was decent.  And I hear their happy hour is good (though I'd rather do HH somewhere where they have good food). Yeah, not coming back
This is a good place to eat pasta. The food was good, in particular the pasta were well-cooked, and the sauce was really fair. Service was awesome, I agree with other comments here. I think it's a very good place, nothing is really surprising but it's good enough to enjoy the pasta meal!
Although it filled my pasta craving for the night, this place is just okay. I had the pesto penne pasta with chicken. I really liked my choice for dinner, but the chicken was kind of dry. The portions are pretty big and they give free bread.  My meal tasted pretty delicious, but when I tried my friend's spaghetti the sauce tasted watered down. I definitely do not like light tasting marinara sauce. Their pasta does not seem authentic at all. I am fine with it though. Also, this place reminds me of Pasta Pomodoro. Besides the food, I felt so squished where I was sitting. Yeah, the table was for two but I guess it was so close to the table on my right and left that it was almost awkward! The couples next to me were definitely on their first dates and chose Pasta?, but I did not want to hear their conversations on top of the loud playing TV. They should probably space things out a little more!
We had late lunch here on a Saturday;)we ordered Pasta arrabiata which was ok no more special than pasta you make at your own kitchen on the other hand the fresh ravioli a la Casa was very yummy.The wait wasn't long long either;) our waiter was nice! I would recommend the place for a casual lunch with friends on a hot hot day! It was a bit chilly since they  had opened all doors.One thing i didn't like was the already shaved parmesan cheese in a plate that they offered you. Half of the pasta eating is to get the cheese shaved right there and there on the pasta! I will for sure go back there, for more ravioli and lemonade this time on a hot hot summer day....hopefully very soon:)
The only reason why I am not giving this place 1 star is because the service was excellent. The pasta however, was bland, overpriced, and bereft of any the ingredients listed on the menu. I first ordered their special: salmon, penne, asparagus, cherry tomatoes in a spicy tomato sauce. It was so bad I had to send it back, the salmon was most definitely canned salmon probably not drained, which gave the whole dish the taste of cat food. My boyfriend ordered ravioli with pesto which was just sad. Buitoni, or heck, even Chef Boyardi could have done better than this place. + the prices are ridiculous, dishes running at least over $15 a plate. We could have ate at one of the shi-shi restaurants across the street for that price. + they play terrible music, old remixed 90s hits.
Our group of six coworkers tried this place out for lunch.  All of us ordered the lunch specials (~$12.95), which include a choice of salad or soup, a main entree and a soft drink (no refills). There was a massive disconnect between the waiter and the kitchen staff.  All of the salads we ordered were of the ceaser variety, but the food delivery person brought house salads.  I had the carrot soup-of-the-day and thought it tasted more like pureed butternut squash. 5/6 of the main courses arrived and we had to re-order the last one.  It took a while for them to wrangle the bill and took even longer for them to collect the credit card and process it; we didn't want to risk the trifecta by dividing the bill onto multiple cards. Most of us had the "Fusilli Con Salsiccia" (spiral noodles with spicy Italian sausage and marinara) and everybody agreed that it had pretty descent flavor, but it wasn't anything to write home about.  Our vegetarian picked at his Penne All'Arrabbiata, but never got excited enough to eat more than half of it. Had the service been on top of things I would have given it an extra star.  At the very least, it'll cure your lunch hunger at a descent price.  If you're looking for Italian food in downtown Palo Alto, I would send you to Buca di Beppo instead.
What's up with "Pasta?" And why does this place have a question mark at the end of its name? Doesn't the question mark after "Pasta?" make you feel like writing a review comprised solely of questions?  Would you at least agree with me that only a rare breed of talent can do that? First, if I write a review of "Pasta?" with only questions, wouldn't it be impossible for me to tell you that my review is only for the desserts? How would I then be able to express how I feel about the Chocolate Souffle and the Cannoli Siciliani desserts we ordered?   Should I write my review to highlight the nice creamy texture of the highly enjoyable Souffle or should I point out that the Cannoli was bland and just ok? And how can I adequately describe the Souffle's perfect blend of vanilla ice cream with the rich, chocolate molten center? What about the mystery of why my friend thought the cannoli was the best he's ever had?  I wouldn't be able to tell you how silly that notion was to me after I tried it myself, would I? Finally, I wonder, will a review of only questions fully emphasize the terrific and friendly service here? So now do you agree that a review of only questions would not be adequate?  How did you even think it was possible? Whoa, did I just pull that one off?
Pasta? is kind of like what you'd ask other people in your group when no one can decide on where to eat. And that's usually why you would end up here, where the food is just ok and don't really justify the prices. As a perfectly average pasta place, it's hard to adequately classify Pasta?. It's not great, it's not bad, it's just average. I'd give this place a miss unless nothing else in the area really appeals to you and you want to play it safe.
Pasta? That's actually the last resort response in the form of either a - answer - question - suggestion or - aka "I dunno what the hell to eat, so based on a Tyra Banks show where ladies don't want to seem looking like a Jenny Craig victim and choosing a salad on a dinner date or a steak, the iffy response to the waiter when ordering and the answer to what you should really order, as the middle of the road safe choice". When you find eating choices (the savory side that is) around University Avenue to be lackluster, and you're at the rate where you don't give a F, but you're sticking to your roots of absolutely no Me Yucky/Miyake because after all Doctor Seusshi has chronicled his craptacular experiences there, and no self respectable cheap date wants to be serenaded at Pizza My Heart,  it's the uncertain "Pasta?" to the rescue. The restaurant "Pasta?" is known in some snooty circles to be pronounced "Pasta Q". Don't ask me why and I'll tell you no lies. But let's give Pasta? some credit here The good: - reasonable value, good portions - they have a separate bar area with a big flat screen wall TV for your sports needs - despite the good Palo Alto value of food here, the decor is casual yet fancy and laid back enough that you could make it a cheap enough date, but not come out a cheapa$$ The meh - depending on what you order, the food can be not bad, to ehhhhh. - 7 years ago this place was great. Now it is only just a half notch above Pasta Pomodoro - the house bread receipe could use improvement (ditto for their olive oil and balsamic vinegar....why not use an olive oil, garlic, Italian parsley cracktastic dip sauce instead? And serve foccacia...) A notch better than the Mountain View location of Pasta?
I'm a HUGE pasta lover so I was excited to come to a place that's dedicated to one of my favorite foods. Too bad it failed to meet expectations, or maybe my expectations were high (I don't know why though) The food's okay but it's nothing great. The Portobello Mushroom appretizer was a big fail. Considering it was the price of an entree, I thought it would be this great dish. Unfortunately, it's just cut up black (burned?) mushrooms on two pieces of bread. Really? Really.....? The entrees were good but it wasn't anything special. Maybe I was expecting a bigger portion because the guy sitting next to me clearly got a bigger plate + portion than I did. Or maybe I just picked the wrong dish. Bleh, maybe I should give this place another chance but for now, I'll stick with places that I know serves good pasta.
Hot MILF waitress, mediocre food. What do you like? You decide. ...Personally I would go for the MILF, THE FOOD IS NOT WORTH IT. ...Unless you're here to see the MILF. The restaurant is definitely well worthy of its name...Pasta? PS.. so weird, a mexican busboy dude saw us seated with no utensils, but went to an empty table next to us and laid out clean silverware and plates on that one instead... and left. Uhh... we're over here.
I eat here quite often and really enjoy the food. They have a great Happy Hour and late night price. On normal hours, prices are a bit on the pricey side. Also, it seems that the portion sizes vary. However, when the portion size is on the larger side, this place deserves the 5 star rating. As much as I enjoy most of the food here, on most occasions now I order the Penne Arrabiata. Not many places make this, and I find theirs to be the best I have had in the bay area. Palo Alto does have its share of italian spots that have pasta dishes, but I would put this in the top tier. Always hot food that is fresh and great service. This place will see me again soon.
Stupidest.  Italian restaurant name.  Ever.  Seriously what do they expect us to say?  Let's go to Pasta?  Are you asking or telling me?  Make up your damn mind you capricious douche.  No it's PastaQ.  Whatever.  We're through. Went here with The Girl a few weeks ago for a relaxed dinner.  The place is super loud and crowded and not really shaped that well.  We sat near the kitchen which could not be helped.  We ordered an eggplant appetizer (involtini) which wasn't all that good.  TG ordered a basic pasta--the norm for her--Spaghetti al Pomodoro.  I got the Fusilli  con Salsiccia.  It tasted no different and no better than what I could make at home for 1/3 the cost. I'm enormously underwhelmed by this place.  It wasn't BAD, but you go out to get something you can't normally have at home, right?  I seriously have made both of these pastas at home.  And the presentation is somewhat ghetto.  It's reminiscent of Frankie, Johnny, and Luigi but they make bones about who they are; they're a mom and pop kinda place whereas Pasta? (refrains from wincing) tries to be hip in areas like downtown PA and Castro so they can charge an inordinate amount of money for pasta I make on "boxers Wednesdays".
Hey there: Well I felt bad about writing a negative review as I'm a newbie to the old Yelping thing, but honestly after reading all the other craptacular reports about this place... I think anyone planning on dining here should be well  prepared for expecting the service and the food to be well below par. I mean, like you should be kicked off the golf course and asked to never play again - below par... :( I do have to say THANK YOU to the "bus-boy" who finally took our order after I gave up waiting at the bar for the female bar tender to chat with her buddies, take a few cute guys orders who came 10 minutes after me, and glance over every now and then pretending not to see me. Maybe my father was a glass maker after all. Dear Bartender, your service is greatly appreciated... and publicized. Cheers!
Lousy service, mediocre food, atmosphere that is more like a sports bar than a restaurant. You can do better!
Was pleasantly surprised by the pasta here... honestly wasn't expecting a whole lot... last time i was here i think it was just ok.  Last night we had penne arrabiata (sp?) which had quite a punch of red pepper, served up al dente.  Not bad.  Salads were very fresh and not a hint of questionable greens either! This place is a hidden gem for a fantastic cocktail however.  Props to Caitlin the beautiful and vivacious bartender who mixes up a tasty drink and then some!
I've passed by Pasta? couple of times before but never dined there. Tonight, we thought...why not? Something new...better be great! Positives first. The hostess sat us fairly quickly, which was a plus when you are hungry. Then the bread basket came right after wards....extra plus.  The service was good. They kept our drinks and the bread basket filled pretty much the whole time.  I loved that!!!! That was pretty much the highlight of the night. The food however was okay. I ordered the corkscrew pasta, Italian sausage with spicy red sauce. My husband ordered the fettuccine with salmon. The fettuccine was totally overcooked, though the salmon was not that bad. I think the salmon saved the dish. It was also super creamy. When I first saw my dish, it was all PASTA. Corkscrews everywhere.  I was like, where is the sausage and the sauce???? It was coated with a red sauce, but barely any there.  It wasn't even spicy! I was a bit disappointed with the dishes. I expected so much more. I would have preferred to have dined at Pasta P. Would I come back again? Probably just for the drinks but not for the pasta......
This is your classic university town restaurant on the main drag, that serves mediocre food to the passing masses. Every college town has one, but in Palo Alto, they are just more expensive, and serve more than just Chef Boyardee and Pizza, like their Big Ten or SEC equivalents. It is OK food, the waiters are mostly Italian, but the service is brusk at best, nearing nihilism. There are no table cloths, just tables, but there is out door seating, which in a city whose average year-round temperature is 70 degrees, useful. Angelo served us with the charm of an Italian commuter late for his morning train. Salmone Affumicado $9 Penne Al'Arrabbiata $11 Taglierini Pesto $11.45 Flirtini (sort of a Cosmo with Mango) $8.50 Sangiovese $6 The smoked Salmon was good, sort of Lox italian style, with capers and onions, and olive oil (of course, no bagel!). The Pesto was bland and unimpressive, and could have used some more garlic in it. The Spicy Penne, twas simple, too, and something I could have made for about $1.50 at home. The Flirtini helped to glaze over the lack of umph in the food, and the Sangiovese was typical. The bread was also boring and small, and seems begrudgingly refilled. Truth is, we were walking on University and passed Tamarine a 4:30, before it opened and thought we would check it out. So we checked and came back at 5pm, without reservations on a Saturday. All empty tables, they had just opened, and there were 3 parties waiting for the Host and Hostess to seat them after they tapped incesssantly on their reservations touchscreen. The young hostess was semi-nice, saying it shouldn't be a problem, but the rest of the staff basically ignored all the customers, not greeting them, making them wait, and tapping on the LCD and talking ot each other with their backs to the customers. We waited 10 minutes standing there patiently. Finally, after they seated 2 out of the 3 waiting parties in front of us in the still empty restaurant, they said "we will have something at 6:30pm".  Huh? I am thinking, why do I want to wait 90 minutes, spend a ton of money at a Vietnamese Fusion restaurant that wants so desperately to be exclusive and snooty,  to eat unathentic Vietnamese food made for Private School  Low Fan, served by circumstantial authoritarians who do  not care about their customers? We said no thanks and went on our way. Pasta? wasn't much better in service or food, but at least they don't try to artifcially inflate their own worth to the point of Tamarine. Pasta? just doesn't take themselves as seriously.!
Excellent, attentive service. Reliable pasta dishes [though the only sauce options are tomato, pesto, cream, and pink (a tomato-cream)] with the option of organic wheat penne or spaghetti. Good wine selection (though I'm no connoisseur by any means!). Even though it's a chain, I've really enjoyed my experiences and food the 2 times I've been (this location and the one in Mountain View). Plenty of street parking and garages around, plus it's a nice street to take a stroll down afterwards.
You call this Pasta? Fettucine Alfredo $11 + $5.50 for a side of chicken. That's $16.50 before tax for my mother's plate of Alfredo ... It tasted more like Fettucine swimming in a broth of pure heavy cream. It was unpalatable and dull. My spaghetti with mussels were not any better. The spicy red sauce tasted like sauce out of a glass. NOT IMPRESSED. Hence the ? in the restaurant's name. Skip it. Go across the street!
Interesting modern decor, with unfortunately bad narrow layout, which minimizes the efficiencies of the servers. The server was curteous, fairly prompt, but appear fairly inexperienced.  The server asked to see if we are interested in topping our pasta with some cheese, instead of sprinkling the chease fairly evening across the plate, we received one scoop of already grated cheese dumped on the plate.  Also, the beer came with an unexpected "visitor" aka bug and I was served with it (I drank it anyway as it's not the first time you get a fruitfly looking bug in the drinks). The price isn't what I consider cheap consider the quality and quantity of food being served.  I would certainly be willing to pay more if they can improve on the food. Starting from the bread.  The bread was lackluster, cold and hard.  The restuarant should had at least keep the bread in room temp or better yet warm it up before serving.  Often time, the bread provides the first impression in regards to how much "love" and attention is put into the food.  I could imagine caferteria food in local elementary schools serve better bread.  Then again, I might have been spoiled with equivalent price itatallian restuarant in Boston, where they serve their bread (many different variety and flavor in a basket, all free of charge) along with roasted garlic which they split a hole bulb of garlic, roasted until is sweet and creaming, on top of olive oil. We ordered Spag taranitina, and spagatiti Napoli.  The Tarantina came with mussels and calarmari.  The calaramari was tender and good, unfortunately, the mussel was fish and flabby luke warm/cold.  The chef arranged the mussels around the plate, rather than tossing it with the pasta.  It almost as if the the mussels were an after thought.  Worse yet, the mussel were fishy, and many had grits in it.  I actually couldn't force myself to swallow one of them, and had to, embrassingly, split them out. The Spagati Napoli was better, I enjoy the white sauce that it had, the clams tasted fresh, still with occasional grits/sand.  I would probably be willing to order the Spagetti Napoli again.  I do enjoy the claim flavor that the fairly light sauce has.  Though, the portion in the restaurant is small. As far as the bar goes, it has a decent selection of wines, and liquor.  You get a discount on some drinks during happy hours.  Two dollars off the beers. Will I be willing to eat here again?  Probably.  But, it will in a distance future. Enjoy
Pasta?  gives you exactly what it advertises.  The pasta dishes here are good and it's worth a stop if you are strolling around the University Avenue area on a weekend or a weekday evening.  I've had many of their pasta dishes and while they are all equally good I would suggest you give the Gnocchi De La Casa or the Fettucine Al Salmone a try if they sound even remotely interesting to you.  The pink sauce, peas, and salmon in the Fettucine Al Salmone go very well together. This place is proabably a frequent stop for me because of the fact they have a full bar (I guess the place turns into a lounge/bar/club on weekend nights).  Boozin' and eating go great together, in my opinion.  They have some nice signature mixed drinks on their menu that I order on occasion as well. It's not knock your pants off italian food but it works and is better than decent.
I really want to open a pasta joint right next door called PASTA!  Imagine trying to choose between Pasta? and Pasta!  Yeah, I think you know which one you'd pick... But in all honesty everything here is wonderfully authentic Italian.  Sure, they're called Pasta for a reason, but try other non pasta items, like the chicken. Also really great wine selection and happy hours!
Best gnocchi EVER. That's pretty much what I eat from there every time.  Their other stuff is okay...not as great as the gnocci.
Pasta is the first thing I learned how to cook, so it's hard to be impressed by a restaurant that specializes in it unless they do something creative.  This is not that restaurant.  The dishes are plain and the sauce tastes like Chef Boyardee. I came here with a friend because he claimed the food was good.  What he really meant was they had free bread that he could munch on while I ate pasta I would describe as "edible" (what pasta isn't?). The question mark in the name is offensive to my brain.  I will need a very compelling reason to eat here again.
One of my best friends absolutely loves this place, she raves about it.  I have to admit that I don't quite get it, it's good but just sort of average good, you know? One of the best things about this place is that the prices are extremely reasonable given the neighborhood.  I know others have had issues with the service, but apparently I'm just lucky because our waiters have always been friendly and attentive. 3.5 stars
The food is reasonable = 2 stars. Do go with red sauce instead of the whites. The service is really bad, unless you know someone/ owner there. We waited 1.15 hr after having at least 4 parties who got seat before us. According to the manager, they called in for RSVP.....watever!!!! I'm not going back to this location again.
Really good really  basic pasta. Get something very simple - this is not the place for intricately balanced and refined pasta recipes. One of my all time favorite things to do is getting capellini with tomato sauce and lots of parmesan, and taking it togo into the Aquarius to watch a late night show. Ummm... good pasta, good company, good movie in a good movie theatre - heaven!
Packed during dinner time around 7:30ish. We didn't want to wait so we sat at the bar area. It was dark in the restaurant. Tables were seated very closely together. The menu had a lot of pastas. Food was really good. The fusilli con salsiccia- gnocchi with truffle cream sauce was really flavorful and yummy. It was sorta chewy. The spaghetti tarantina- with mussels and calamari was a bit spicy but good. The noodle was a little hard/ raw, could be cooked more. We also ordered a bottle of prosecco for $16. The bartender was busy, so we had to wait a bit for our prosecco. Service- sorta slow, Complimentary bread, drinks, and food were slow to come, but not too bad of a wait.
I had lunch here for the first time today. I was not impressed for the following reasons... 1. We were not greeted or acknowledge when we walked in 2. We were not seated instead we had to seat ourselves 3. Menus were not given to us until 10 mins later 4. Food and service was so-so Will I come back? I doubt it. I can make the food at home myself and have it taste better. The spaghetti noodle was still fairly hard and sauce was too salty for my taste. The fettuccine alfredo my sister ordered was bland and so was my daughter's chicken fingers.
i don't know why pasta? only has 3 stars.  I've tried different dishes here on numerous occasions and nothing has failed me. The dishes I've tried include: macaroni ai formaggi penne norcina and the penne giannino Everything is good, prices are reasonable, and the service is great.  I've actually never ate in but the bar service who takes care of the togo orders are great.  They're fast and efficient!
Ive eaten here a couple of times and always thought that the place was really lively and kind of cramped. The bar looks like a great idea if you're just up for a drink and conversation. The dining area is really small and you can hear everyone's voices all over the place. Pretty uncomfortable. Tables are fit for only 2 people. I ordered the gnocchi which seems to be really oily. The only thing I liked about this place is the bruschetta. Still the plates look like they're only good for 1 person. If you want to bring a date, head to University Cafe which is in front of Pasta?.  Better ambiance.
Seemingly always buzzing, the quaint question mark is indeed an appropriate assessment of this restaurant.  "Pasta?", isn't the only question I am left asking...  Is it trying too hard to be cool?  Is it still trying to be a value restaurant?  Can you hear what the person across from you is saying?  When it first opened, prior to its remodeling in the last year or so, Pasta was one of the better value options on University, where you wouldn't get a gourmet entree, but you could dine on a student's budget and feel pretty good about it.  Not so, anymore.  The variety and quality might be a bit better than before, but the prices have raised to comparable levels of other Italian options in the area, and it's no longer clearly the best value. From the outside, this place does look cool based on their remodeling, but I think it is more concept than content. Service is inconsistent, and the environment is very loud.  Don't go to Pasta if you want a quiet evening.  And if you want Italian, there are many choice nearby that outclass "Pasta?"
This is the key example of the retail maxim: location, location, location.  Pasta? is busy because it's located smack dab in the center of University Ave.  I'm not saying that it's bad, mind you.  It's simply that if it wasn't situated where it is, it probably wouldn't have just had its 10th anniversary. I eagerly ordered the gnocchi with truffle (one of my favorite flavors).  Unfortunately, the dish smelled better than it tasted (which is to say, pretty bland).  I still had high hopes for my fancy martini--made with blood orange infused vodka--but it was really just a trumped up cosmo.  (Sniffle.) This restaurant is clean.  It's pleasant.  The food is decent.  And, a week from now, I'll totally forget I've ever been there.
Went there for dinner yesterday............. God!!! why did i go there.... my pasta was not only tasteless, the noodles were a little hard, not cooked properly, and the food was COLD!!!!!! the bread given while waiting for our food SUCKED big time!!!!!! I am definitely not going here again........ not only did my food sucked, but also my friend's dinner suck big time, at least his food was hot! THEY SO NEED A MAKEOVER!
Nice ambience and good food....I cannot say out of this world...but I did enjoy....I did enjoy my... Read more 
By far one of the worst restaurants ever.  Mediocre food and absolutely horrid service.  We went for a late lunch on Saturday and tables were clearing out.  We ordered Seafood Linguini and a Spaghetti Pomodoro - food came out quickly so that was good.  The sauce was a bit on the greasy and tangy side but we were hungry so ate most of it anyway. What really got me was the lack of service.  We were shown our table by the hostess and I kid you not, 12 minutes later, the waiter came asking "are you ready to order?"  Then after we got done and asked for a check, we waited another 12 minutes (kid you not folks...) to get our check.  I could clearly see the waiter chilling at the bar cracking jokes with the bartender, and he failed at serving us right. My hunch - if you're up for a heaping bowl of pasta or anything else Italian, go to any restaurant but this one.  It was one of the worst experiences I've ever had.
I remember I had one of their pasta specials. I wanted the calamari mussels variation but they ran out. (WHAT!) ok, I get the shrimp one instead. It was pretty bland. I felt like I can make it at home. I got a diet coke that tasted pretty bland too. (how do you mess up a diet coke?) I think the best part about this restaurant was when my boss called and asked where i am.. my response was "pasta?" then again.. I think that would be what I would say if I was asked what I ate.. because I really don't know what it was.
I give this place a 4 because I'm in love with the spicy tomato sauce. There used to be a Pasta? in Fremont years ago and I was so sad when they closed. I've been to several places and no one makes spicy tomato sauce the way Pasta? does. Other than that, we had a great waiter who was patient and friendly. Also, the prices are very reasonable.
A-OK and nothing more. The ambiance is nice, but I'd recommend sitting away from the bar, which can be loud and distracting (not to mention crowded). The service was friendly and attentive. Now onto the food. Their pasta is just fine, but I personally don't like eating at a restaurant whose food is 'just fine.' Reading over their menu, I was thinking to myself, "they must only have about ten ingredients in that kitchen." Pasta? definitely plays it safe with their menu, and nothing I tasted was out of the ordinary. They have four or five sauces and about ten ingredients. I got the Gnocchi, and though it tasted fine, I got bored about halfway through and took it home. Anyone who likes pasta and isn't a food snob will be content with this place, but I don't like going to a restaurant to eat something i could have cooked myself with a little effort.
Decent food, the service was merely mediocre.  Took about ten minutes for the server to greet us (after he had approached another table just seated).  And, his greeting consisted of "Have you decided what you want?"  No, how are you this evening, can I start you with a cocktail/appetizer, etc. : ( He was no more attentive during the rest of the meal.  Unless I see you are on some sort of extensive wait (and I will notice), please don't have the check in your hand when clearing the final dishes/offering dessert.  No, I don't mean in apron or in your back, I mean in your hand, ready to plop in front of us.  At least pretend you'd like to bump your check average up.
I feel bad even writing a review because the guy who helped us was fabulous!  If he wasn't the owner he was certainly the Manager or very much loved this business because we felt his enthusiasm from the moment we walked in the door. The prices are AMAZING!  Cocktails looked good too.  The wine selection could use a little help though.  I had a glass of Cabernet first that tasted like watery old grape juice and then after dinner I tried to redeem the wine list by ordering the Moscato D'Asti (which I ALWAYS love) and it was lacking luster as well. The pasta?  My new joke is: "There is no longer a question regarding "Pasta?".  The answer is No." The Spaghetti with meat balls had very little sauce on the pasta, but the meatballs were ok in taste.  The best part of the dish for certain. All the pasta at our table was served to us Al Dente... so I assume this is customary here?  I prefer it to not be as tough.  It was tough and dry. I ordered the Pesto Penne with Chicken.  The pesto sauce was pretty good and I enjoyed the pine nuts added.  There wasn't much flavor to offset the pesto though.  It was just pesto pasta.  and again... The pasta was hard and dry.  Would have been great had the pasta been cooked all the way and perhaps little slivers of bacon to the sauce for a kick. I didn't order dessert because I was just ready to end it.   Can't say enough about the excellent service though.  Really and truly felt taken care of while we were there and just didn't have the heart to complain about the things it seemed were standard there.  Not the place for a foodie I don't think.  or a Wine lover either.
If you can't figure out what to eat and you're in downtown PA, this is a great "stand by" restaurant.  They've got a bunch of kinds of pasta and they'll happily put whatever sauce on said pastas...whether it's a combo on their menu or not.  That's hard to beat.  Just avoid happy hour if you're actually looking for FOOD. I think it would gain a star for the friendly, adorable and sweet staff.  It loses a star for kind of having become another 'hit the singles bar after work with your colleagues' spot.  There used to be an ambiance and laid back vibe to the place...now I go here with a gf if I'm looking to be hit on. Oh, and all of that said...like most things on the strip - it's overpriced for what it is.
3.5 stars - good pasta and it's probably one of the more reasonably priced Italian restaurant in downtown Palo Alto. This would not have been my choice but what the hell, I'm willing to try anything (ok, just about anything) once and they didn't disappoint.  The service was fine and the pasta is pretty good - what is impressive is the pasta comes to your table piping hot, that's a treat because not many places do or can.  Tried their sandwiches - skip...stick with the pasta. Had a drink or two (alright maybe 3 but who's counting?) at the bar and the bartender is very nice - so eating at the bar is a nice option. This place was packed during World Cup - we got there early enough to get one of the best tables...it was a lot of fun watching the game, screaming, eating and chugging down a cold one. Don't recommend take out - find the time to eat there (30 minutes will do) or just skip it.
Sooooo not a fan of this place - very disappointed and somewhat ironic that the restaurant is named "Pasta?" and you finish your meal thinking..pasta?  was that really pasta that I ate?  I'm sorry to say that this really did NOT taste like pasta and everything about it was wrong.  The pasta was not cooked al dente and the sauce was hardly there.  And can someone please tell me WHY the portions are so darn small?  C'mon..pasta is NOT expensive at all..can't you give me just a little more?  Or would I really care to get more when it's not that good - yea, I probably wouldn't eat it so nevermind...but gosh ~ if you're going to call yourself a Pasta restaurant...I think you should be able to cook a decent bowl of pasta..please!
***Edit*** Returned here the other night after a day of shopping with my mommy  since Mommy said she wanted Italian. Since I'm still new to the area, this was the only place I could think of and we were in the neighborhood anyway. It was Saturday but it was early, about 6, so we were seated promptly. Server was quick and friendly about taking our drink orders, just water for me and Diet Coke for Mom even though Mom really felt like wine but had a long drive back to Sac. I ordered the Penne Arrabbiata (a stand by for me) and Mom ordered the Rigatoni Amatriciana. Food arrived hot and al dente. Mom's eyes rolled back into her head on the first bite and declared "it's not good...it's GREAT." She was delighted with all the big slivers of onions and italian bacon. My Arrabbiata was insanely good, great spice and thick tomatoey sauce. Mom showed restraint and had half of her pasta boxed to go home, I plunged ahead in full pig mood and cleared my plate, but showing remarkable willpower in not licking the plate clean. We were sadly too stuffed for dessert, perhaps next time. There were loads of kids in this place! So make of that what you will. The little girl next to me was a ticking time bomb about to have spaghetti in her lap in no time. ***original review*** I've only been here once and it was a while ago but I remember liking it and that the 3 people I was with enjoyed it too. I do remember that it was a long wait but we managed to squeeze into the bar and get some drinks, which were strong enough to make me glad for the bread on the table once we were seated! The tables ARE close to each other and you CAN hear nearly everything at the next table, and it can get very loud. Going to the bathroom is fun b/c you get to put your butt/crotch in everyones faces as you try to get by them. The name is a poor choice.
This place looks like it's perfectly set up to be a place that i LOATHE. Let's count the ways, shall we? 1.) It's a chain. I hate chains, even regional chains. Serving innovative food, using the best seasonal (not to mention local and organic) ingredients, and keeping quality up, while at the same time offering a unique dining experience, and perfectly fitting the neighborhood where its located are the qualities that make restaurants great. By being a chain, you make it very difficult to do any of those things. 2.) Its an Italian place on University. They are a dime a dozen and none of them are very good. My dislike for La Strada is well documented. I love Italian food, and in a guilty pleasure sort of way i like a lot of things on University, but somehow the two just don't mix. 3.) It's usually very crowded, and mostly with out of towners who decided that the wait at the Cheesecake Factory a few blocks away was just too long. Not exactly the type of people i'm eager to eat with. 4.) The Bar. I don't think a single cocktail costs less than $8. You're an Italian place, why not stick to wine and a selection of liqueurs that go well with Italian food? I kid you not, you can get a pina collada here. Because when a fat guy visiting his daughter at Stanford is chowing down on spaghetti and meatballs because he couldn't pronounce any of the other dishes or was boring enough not to try them wants to get his groove on, nothing goes with spaghetti and meatballs quite like a pina collada! 5.) Price. The prices aren't La Strada steep, but they also aren't aiming that high. Be prepared to spend $15-$20 per person when all is said and done, and thats without any alcohol. If you're getting your groove on with the other stanford parents, add at least $10. All that being said, i rally like this place. Maybe it's because i was dragged here by the GF kicking and screaming but finally agreed because we had a coupon. We've been back a few times since and each time we paid a bit more than i thought was reasonable, but the service was great and the food was good. Some of it i would even call great. The good: fettuccine primavera, spaghetti alla contadina, rigatoni bolognese, gnocchi della casa. The great: tortellini, penne all' arrabbiata, gnocchi tartufati, saltimbocca de maiale. As i said, prices are a little steep, but this is University Ave. in Palo Alto, that's just the way things are here. As much as i didn't expect to, i really do like this place.
They have so many different options for pastas.  It's like that Olive Garden advertisement when that guy does all the math to find out how many different combinations his group of friends could get.  Yes, just like Olive Garden, only more expensive, less commercialized, and better tasting. Their alfredo sauce is bland.  There's no red pepper shakers anywhere around to add flavor to the blandness of the alfredo. It is very loud in this restaurant.  The tables are close together. Good happy hour.  I wouldn't not go here, but it would be one of my last choices on University.
I had been wanting to come here for a while but I can't never seem to pronounce the name right so I just usually forget about it... I'm not blonde I swear! I had made reservations for 10 people but at the end only 7 showed up. I told the waitress that my party was going to be smaller and that we were ready to be seated. However, she made us wait about 15 minutes. I was pretty annoyed because we had arrived on time and no table had been reserved for us. The food was OK. I think everyone in our group enjoyed their pasta. The portions are large too, so make it take-out or suffer a food coma after dinner.  I recommend the salmon ravioli. The sauce was pretty tasty and raviolis seemed pretty fresh.
Yesterday I had a choice of whether I should get the eternally delicious meatball plate at Ikea or try something new down the street on University Ave. I went with the latter and wound up at PastaQ (I'm confused if its Pasta? or PastaQ..ehhrmmm if ne one could clarify that would be loverly) Now..I can make a darn good spaghetti *not to toot my own horn or anything  =P* but just to drive home the point that it takes alot for an italian joint to get more than 3 stars out of me and this place didn't do the job. It was just aight. I ordered the spaghetti with tomato cream sauce, bell peppers and sausage while my hunny ordered the spinach salad topped w/bacon. I have to give it to them that their pasta was cooked perfectly al dente but nothing else made my taste buds do the dance.  I tried a bit of the salad and it was surprisingly sweet and too savory for a salad. The bacon also overwhelmed the entire dish. To end on a positive note, the food came out super fast and service was on point.
Yuck! I actually threw away my take out spaghetti bolognese from here--absolutely inedible! Yes, maybe prices are reasonable, but to call this Italian (or for that matter good) would be a travesty.
This place used to be my favorite restaurant of all times. I used to live downtown Palo Alto and I would eat here at least once a week.  They have pretty good Happy Hour prices and the drinks are decent.  The waiters are mainly some handsome men with accents. : ) (how u doin?) The food is pretty good but i still think this place could lower their prices. They used to offer a lunch special. Not sure if they do anymore.
A good selection of pastas and some changing specials.  Definitely good bang for your buck.  There is outdoor seating and nice people.  It gets very crowded.  There is also a bar area to wait and watch television or socialize while you wait for your table.  On a nice day, the doors of this place open and you can feel the breeze inside.  It feels very hip on those days.  This is a good place to go on a weeknight, however it gets overrun with teenagers closer to Friday and Saturday. They serve wine here and also Peroni.  They have other beers but why drink them when you can drink Peroni?  You are supposed to have Peroni with your pasta.  I hope Peroni will be sending me some cash or free beer for this review.
Ehhh.  Definitely wasn't expecting much in terms of great, solid Italian food here.  But hey, their servers are authentic Italian doods with accents and all! I had the chicken fettuccine.  Nothing out of the ordinary, just simple sauce.  Nothing exciting here, not much character in the food or sauce. Slightly, above Olive Garden.  And I know the OG is not even close to real Italian food.  Almost like saying Panda Express is real Chinese food.  Although, I have to admit - I have a soft spot for orange chicken. On another note, they have plenty of TVs here so if you're trying to catch a game and looking for a non-crowded alternative compared to a local sports bar you can check this place out.  I watched my Lakers close out the Celtics here on Game 7.  2-peat baby!!!!  Much to the chagrin to the 75% converted Celtics fans in the place who you may want to call Warrior fans...(only fans in the regular season not post-season suckas)
My friend suggested that we go to this restaurant.  Mind you, when someone suggests a pasta place, it usually means I'm getting spaghetti, and I'm not usually too impressed with the spaghetti most restaurants have to offer. So I order the Spaghetti Pomodoro and my friend orders the Fusilli Con Salsiccia.  I take a bite of my spaghetti, and I'm pleasantly surprised.  My friend offers me a taste of her Fusilli, and although it is slightly spicy, it's pretty good. So after lunch, I left thinking the place was pretty decent.  It wasn't until I got back to work, that I started to crave it again!  I must say, not many Italian places can do that to me, but I've been back since and have been recommending it to my friends!
This place is so chaotic everytime I eat there. Service is chaotic, tables are too close, and food is far below consistent. I can't belive Pasta? outlived Pasta Pomodoro.
Pasta? is one of my favorite places to eat in downtown Palo Alto. On average, we eat at Pasta? 12-25 times a year...it's a regular weekday dinner or weekend lunch place. Always incredible service, great food, decent price. I really appreciate that the staff recognize us and always stop to say hello.  There are *plenty* of fancier Italian restaurants downtown, but they're incredibly overpriced. I haven't been to the PQ Lounge, and I don't really have any desire to attend...I'd rather sit street side and drink cosmos while watching the Sunday shoppers pass. I agree with Kelly B. skip the Mountain View location, and come up to Palo Alto. I'm moving to Davis in September, and I'm going to miss Pasta? on University...but I am looking forward to the new location in Davis.
Bar help - 5 cocktails - 5 Dinner - 5 (Veal & Steak - great) Brought kids - no problem Service - 5 Value - 5 (nice to go to a good restaurant with the most expensive item is $17.50)
Had dinner with a friend here on a Tuesday night.  There was no wait, and there were quite a few empty tables scattered about.  So why, may I ask, did they seem to rush us through our entire meal as if the dinner rush was in full swing?  I swear I felt like they wanted us to leave as soon as possible, when in fact there was no one waiting for our table. As for the food, it was pretty boring.  The bruschetta, which is one of my favs, was pretty bland.  I had the rigatonni bolognese, which was decent, but was not offered any yummy parmesean cheese to top it off. The wait staff was horribly distracted and didn't seem to care that we were actually spending money for this experience.  I had to apologize to my friend I felt so bad. I've been a fan of Pasta? for quite a while, having happily frequented their Mtn View location many a time.  However, I can safely say I won't ever try this Palo Alto location again.  I'll be taking my business back to Mtn View for sure.
Pasta! Pasta!.....Pasta? Yea, believe it or not, the place is called Pasta?  Kinda throws you off..they're either asking you if you want pasta or theyre just confused?? No pun intended with the extra ? Off the strip in Palo Alto, this place is gathered amongst many hip and craaaackin grub spots.  This place was chosen cuz the menu alone looked good and I was glad to go to this spot after seeing the hostess who jus had that gorgeous smile....well she was gorgeous anyways.  Can i get a name please?  Anyone know? hahahaa Anyways, the normal water and bread with balsamic vinegarette was provided.  The waiter was very nice and thanked us for being patient while he attended to his other customers.  I opted for the mussels and clams anti-pasta and my friend gave into the Penne Al Vodka. Both dishes were excellent.  I wish they gave me more mussels and clams though, the tomato broth that was served with it was perfect!  Light, very tasty and had a nice kick to it.  The Penne Al Vodka was so good.  Pasta cooked al dente but a little tooo al dente, the sauce was creamy and it had bits of bacon in it.  For dessert we got the caramel creme.  It was served in a very skinny, little shot glass that took at least 10 minutes for us to get.   It wasn't all too great either.  It had the consistancy of melted vanilla ice cream with melted brown sugar like (not caramel) dressing at the bottom. Overall, it was just ok.  Not sure if i'll go back there again but i might if that hostess is there hahahaaa
Had dinner here tonight for the first time since I was in high school. I immediately made a beeline for the restroom to alleviate my bladder. Much to my surprise, the ladies' room was relatively clean and smelled extremely fragrant (I suffer from dirty/smelly bathroom phobia). Back at the table, the bread did not arrive until our appetizer was half-devoured, and my friend's water was not refilled until we were ready to leave. Although my whole wheat pasta with chicken, pesto and sundried tomatoes was good, my friend did not like his spaghetti and meatballs very much (the sauce was too sour and the meat wasn't too appetizing). However, the bruschetta was perfectly toasted and piled high with fresh tomato cubes. A good place to go for a casual meal at reasonable prices. The seating is crowded and constricting though, so it's best to leave your spare tires at home.
Great pasta!  We eat there once a week and the servers are really nice.  The waiters are really Italian and genuinely warm and helpful. We really like the breaded chicken milanese, the pasta with sausage, and pasta with alfredo sauce.
This is one of my favorite affordable eateries in downtown PA. The gnocci is great, as is the vodka sauce.  Also, the spicy meat sauce spaghetti (can't remember what they call it on the menu..) is very good. I am not sure I understand the complaints about this place on yelp.  Sure, it isn't the greatest italian ever - but it is about half the cost of some of the more "upscale" restaurants on University.  And it is about 5x better than Pasta Pomodoro, which is awful.
Pasta?  I don't know is it?  I never knew someone would or could name their restaurant after a critic actually asking what the hell the dish was. I head there with the FW and her grandparents after sampling the cakes next door.  The child seating us looked like she was getting ready to either strip or pick-up on chicks, I couldn't tell.  They seated us in what looked like a tiled back alley.  The wait staff will sit there and stare at you while you and your party are taking coats off like you were hindering the invasion of Normandy. After only having to ask for water twice and grandpa's coffee 3 times, the drinks came.  After that I only had to inform the waiter two more times we were ready to order before I pushed my chair in front of him and told him for the third time. Food came out pretty quickly. Was it Pasta?  Bisquik?  Bad muffins?  Who knows!  I'm still not even sure I got what I ordered but the spaghetti was bland, the rigatoni tasted woefully undercooked and served piping cold.  My fiance's gnocchi (sp?) which tasted like overly salted bisquik with the thickest blandest pesto you've ever seen.  Your 5 year old niece could make better gnocchi with her make and bake oven. Ironically, when it came time to pay and tip the service got great!  Imagine that!  That guy was so undeserving of that $1.00 tip it's not even funny. So if anyone ever asks you "Hey, do you want Pasta?" you can say "Oh Hell's Noes!  Zakk D. said that place sucked monkey balls!" because this place, does in fact, suck monkey balls. So for cheap, crappy food:  2 Stars p.s. they use the word UBER everywhere.  All linguists know that a light sprinkling of foreign words that have invaded the vernacular is fine, but abusing this privilege is a literary no-no.  -1 star. Final rating, a well deserved and earned 1 star.
3.5 STARS My friend and I stopped by for a light dinner before we went out. We just happened to arrive during their "happy hour", which was perfect since it's usually smaller portions. For drinks, we started off with the 'Flirtini and a Peppermint Mocha' martini. Both were good. As an app, we ordered the 'carpaccio'. I would definitely pass on this one. It was dry and not flavorful at all. You can't really mess up carpaccio, c'mon now! For dinner, it was the 'lasagna and chicken penne pasta." I liked both dishes. It was the perfect portion and my taste buds were happy. Great combination! Service could of been better. This is a cute place to grab a quick bite before heading out for the night. There's indoor and outdoor seating, which is always a plus in my book.
I went there for lunch and had the fusilli ($10.75).  The sauce was fine, but I was hoping for a little more spicy sausage in it.  The pasta was kind of inconsistent in terms of firmness.  Right in the middle it was perfect, but around the edges, it was more firm.  Perhaps my dish was sitting out for a while?  My fellow diner had a salad, so that seems odd.  In any case, the dish did not wow, so 2.5 stars there.  Nothing noteworthy on the service. I really like the look of the interior.  The one photo up so far doesn't do it justice.  It is a contemporary look with nice colors and lots of tile.  The front of the store is completely open, so it is a little noisy.  I bet it looks even better at night.
I usually come to Pasta? to drink because I love the bartenders--especially Caylin and CC. This is a fun, non-douchey bar to come to in Palo Alto on pretty much any night of the week. I'm also kind of obsessed with the gnocchi tartufati. It's one of those dishes that I start to crave if it's been awhile since I've had it. I've had a few other things on the menu, but I always come back to the gnocchi. The ravioli is also really good if gnocchi isn't your thing.
My boyfriend loves Italian food and took me here after coming here once before with his roommate (They both couldn't remember what they previously ordered when I asked though, which I don't know is a good sign) I ordered the tilapia which came with mashed potatoes and grilled veggies which was a great choice considering the fact that I got hit in the left jaw that day earlier with a paintball pellet which made it painful to chew/open on that side. The load was not too much or too little either and I finished the whole plate clean. Mashed potatoes- creamy. Veggies - not too mushy or too hard and lightly flavored (didn't kill the veggie's flavors). And the tilapia was cooked just right and was slightly more marinated-tasting than the veggies (which I could have done less with) but was yummy too. Boyfriend orderd Chicken Alfredo and finished the whole plate too, along with beer. He also loves bruchetta so we also ordered that too as an appetizer. Unlike the ones we had at Maggiano's about 3 weeks ago it had mountains of tomatoes heaped on (fresh) but no cheese which was different but not in a bad way. I did have boyfriend eat most of it though since I had a hard time chewing even when I took it apart to make it easier to eat with my injured jaw. Ambiance: lovely and not too loud which makes for a great date restaurant. I loved how they had the "?" on the door handles and other items too. Otherwise, the prices were reasonable too (both boyfriend and my dishes were between $10-15 each). We drove from Mountain View and coincidentally noticed that they have the same restaurant on the main downtown strip in Mountain View (Castro) too. So we may go to that one next time.
this place is equivalent to pasta pomodoro as far as prices. Very casual place with good food. however, i do tend to like pastas here better then pasta pomodoro. when i go here i usually get these 2 dishes: penne norcina - short pasta with Italian sausage, mushrooms, peas in a cream sauce (w/out the peas though). if your in the mood for something creamy this is the perfect dish. spaghetti tarantina - spaghetti pasta w/mushrooms, calamari, garlic, & spicy tomato sauce. ( i substitute the spaghetti for corkscrew pasta). LOVE, LOVE this dish, anytime i go to other pasta places i always compare to this dish. It's great  if your in the mood for seafood with some spice. this is probably the best pasta dish i've ever tasted! the service is always fast every time i've been there. maybe hard to find parking though since it's on the university strip.
The name says it all.  "Pasta?"  I think this is supposed to be supremely clever.  Something you might say nonchalantly but confidently when your friend asks, "So, what should we have for dinner tonight?"  It hits the nail on the head, and three hours later you're leaning back in your chair after a satisfying meal of delicious comfort food and good company, tossing back the last of a bottle of chianti. But, alas, no.  In reality the name more accurately refers to the involuntary gasp of semi-recognition that escapes from your lips when the food lands in front of you.  Best pronounced with the same intonation you'd use if you came home late at night and found your roommate standing in your closet with all the lights off, his hair all tussled, a depraved look in his eye, an ax in his hand, and your final words on this earth are "Greg?" I've been here maybe two or three times, and it's pretty nasty.  The first time I had the spaghetti w/meatballs and it was about exactly what you'd get out of a jar.  Bland, not well spiced, overcooked.  The last time I went I had the ravioli with the red cream sauce, and "rubbery" is the only word that leaps to mind.  Add to this the cheap decor and you've got yourself one unpleasant evening. So here's the deal.  Skip it and go to the Osteria around the corner.  Fresh, home-made pasta, great mains, fantastic classy atmosphere, not that pricey.  I'm really not sure how Pasta? stays open, but please, don't encourage them.
How is this place still in business?? I'm not the greatest cook, but I'm pretty sure I can cook better pasta. When you start thinking that within your first few bites, you know it's a bad sign. This place serves mediocre pasta that your mom might whip up for you in 15 minutes when she is in a rush and has no spices in her pantry. That is, assuming your mom is a functional cook but not much of a chef. It fills you up, but that's about it. I'd rather go to Buca di Beppo. That place also serves very mediocre pasta but at least it isn't priced as if it is actually good.
Having walked by here tons of times I never set foot in. At some point in the past they even expanded into the adjacent space. Within thelast couple of years it even seems that on weekend nights it's become a happy hour and drinking hot spot. Who knew? recently with the nice weather we wanted to get a bite  with some outside-ish dining. They had their large doorlike windows open up completely and we took a booth nearby. Split a carpaccio and I had the spaghetti carbonara. Pretty good all around. Service isn't completely attentive but friendly. For lunch even on a Friday wasn't heavy so I guess their big draw is the drinking scene at night. 3.5 stasr
So this one of the few places open for dinner around 11ish on a Saturday. The chicken saltimbocca was okay but definitely not what I was expecting in comparison to another place in Corpus Christi that I first tried this dish from. I also ended up getting sick that evening and not keeping the food down. Not a pretty site especially when hanging out at a friend's place and then running to the restroom needing to hurl. Yuck! The cappachino was okay but nothing spectacular. I'll still pick Starbucks over that any day. My friend had the steak which I don't know how it was for him. But he also ordered a mixed drink that he barely drank since he said it was gross and too strong. Even after diluting it, still didn't meet his expectations. So yea, I think not next time.
Wow, another bar in Palo Alto! Me: "Great bar -- is this pretty new?" Bartender: "We've been around for about 12 years." Me: "Oh. I feel old."
Real, honest to god conversation: "Whats a good place in Palo Alto area for dinner?" "There's a pretty cool place in Mountain View called Pasta?" "So whats it called?" "Pasta?" "Pasta what?" "Pasta?" "Well if you don't know what its called, we should eat somewhere else." We ate in Palo Alto. Crowded, busy, almost rude. We shoulda ate in Mountain View.
I was skeptical at the quality of this place when reading their name due to the question mark after, and once inside, I really understood the meaning. The whole place was joke, starting with the service. Now, maybe I just happened to be there on a bad night, but the whole place was full and I saw one server working the joint. They sat us at a table for two, served us bread at water and then we waited, and waited, and waited, and waited... I could go on all day. We waited for a half hour before finally deciding to leave without  even a drink order placed. I can say the bread was awesome, or maybe I was just really hungry. Either way, poor service on this Monday.
Warning: no direct pasta mentions in this review. How did I not know about this place sooner?  Perhaps because their name has a question mark?  So it makes it more confusing?  Maybe it doesn't show up in my Lougle searches?  Can I write a whole review in questions? First time I came here, I didn't know where it was, because I was not aware of the question mark at the end of the name.  I was to meet my friend there for her birthday.  I found them at the extremely crowded bar.  And why wouldn't it be crowded?  They have happy hour from 9pm-12am.  WHAT?! That's a silly happy hour.  Let's be honest.  But as long as it keeps going, I'll keep showing up, NO PROBLEMO. I did some of my new acquaintances eating some pasta, and they seemed to quite enjoy it.  So take my second hand account from strangers: shit was real. I think I'll try to eat here QUICKSTYLE!
This place is kinda like Pasta Pomodoro, yeah the bread is nothing spectacular...we went last night, a Friday night, it was a friggin night club in there and there was this little latino dude with bleach and I mean bleached blonde hair dancing to the techno they were blasting while sipping on his wine...behind us was the dorkiest older couple I've ever seen, and next to us was a table full of sausages and one lady..typical seen I guess? Anyhow food was ok for the price, when you're on a budget it's not so bad.
for "Pasta?" this is a decent place and very affordable.  Pretty small menu that doesn't change, but if you dig some friend calamari, a cheap glass of red wine, and some decent pasta, pasta? is the place for you. I get one thing on the menu when I go here for an entree, the fusilli con salsicccia and I really like it
In the olden days -- before Pasta? expanded, put on some weight and added a bar -- it was lean, mean, pasta machine.  You could go here, get seated quickly and have an inexpensive, good meal of a salad and some pasta and a nice glass of wine for a really sweet price.  That was a 4 star review restaurant. My most recent experience in their new layout was okay.  The staff  were aloof at first, but did warm up a bit as the evening went on.  The food was serviceable.  It was good.  But, it didn't really jump up off the plate, smack me across the the face and say, "Damn it! Pay attention to me! Me, me me!!!" It was just good. This is not the place to go to if you wan to have a nice, quiet, dining experience.  The remodel from several years ago did nothing to quiet the interior down.  Seated across a small table for 2, I had to speak loudly and strain to hear my date. I kind of miss the Pasta? of old...
Very nice place. Bruschetta was excellent, and salmon salad had a perfect balance of seasonings. Must be a good place to watch Euro 2008 soccer games - no crowds, big screens and lots of space near the bar and at the tables. Minus one star for bringing the appetizers together with the entrees - our table was too small to hold everything!
All time favorite pasta place to grab oodles of noodles. being a creature of habit, I tend to stick with the simple spaghetti  pomodoro. The sauce is simple yet tasty.  The pasta is aldente and hot as it arrives in front of you. The sauce is sweet and tangy. The fusilli con salsiccia is lovely. A ton of garlic and spice. That is certainly a three altoid meal. One less star for the service. They could have been more attentive to refills on beverages and bread.
I ate at Pasta? for the first time a few years back in Mountain View and as a pasta lover, became a fan instantly. This location is very, very small. The wait staff is friendly but it's a little hard to understand them at times. The food isn't as good but it does come out quickly during lunch, which is nice. The only thing I ever order here is the Cheese Ravioli with Pink Sauce and I've never had any reason to complain. I wish they would add that to their Lunch Special menu so I can save a buck or two and have some salad along with my pasta. *Hint Hint*
Pasta? is just short for, "You Call This Pasta? I have been to Pasta? several times for lunch.  It's always bland pasta with tons of sauce to cover up the fact that there's very little (insert your choice of meat here) in the ingredients. Every single time I've place an order, from the moment they placed the meal in front of me, I've been able to figure out the recipe, go home, make it myself and it comes out better than they make it. I can make the Penne Norcina, pasta arabiata, rigatoni, blah blah blah. Bottom line is, it's the place to go to when you forgot the pasta you were going to bring for lunch.  It's a mediocre restaurant with very handsome waiters, at a great locale for eateries. Be prepared to be packed in there like sardines.
My kid loves this place. He calls it, "Pasta Question Mark" and this establishment, besides Pizza My Heart, is the only place he wants to eat. The food is consistently tasty, the wait staff is always friendly, and I've yet to have anyone cringe when we bring the kids. It's also super nice that they have outdoor seating. The little ones can people watch and look at the cars go by while we adults try to enjoy a semblance of a grown up conversation. My husband always gets the Italian Sausage with cream sauce pasta, and I routinely get their rosemary flank steak. Kids love the endless amount of bread and spaghetti w/ meatballs...it's not rubbery pasta with watery gross red sauce either...it's really good! You can read more about my Pasta? Adventures here: http://bayareababyblog.b...
Its nice to sit at the bar and have a few drinks and eat hot steaming pasta. When the weather is on your side you can sit outside and watch people pass by on university ave. I am giving this place two points because I am comparing it to all the cute little Italian restaurants in Tribeca New York and well I must say. ahem!!!! Don't get discouraged by me... it was one of those days when we had a unusual power failure at work and we got a whole day off.... so maybe the wine made me not pay attention to the food.
I haven't gone to Pasta? since they got rid of their lunch specials. I'm not sure if the ownership changed, but the quality of the food is very bad. I had the Rigatoni Bolognese at the pasta tasted like it had been sitting out for a day or two after being partially cooked and was then reheated with some marginal tasting bolognese sauce. At $12 for a plate of pasta and some bread for lunch, plus the poor quality, I won't venture there anymore. Too bad, because it used to be a good place.
I went out to Pasta? last week for dinner. I like this Pasta? more compared to the one in Davis. The interior is more inviting and comfortable, and the service is better than you'd get from a college town restaurant. We were quickly seated with a smile, and our waitress was very friendly, following up often, yet non-intrusively. The food tasted good, but nothing extraordinary here. Bread with olive oil and balsamico is served prior to the meal. I got the pesto ravioli. It was a rather small portion though, which surprised me, and this is coming from a skinny guy who usually can't finish his plate. I could have easily eaten twice as much. It wasn't a particularly expensive dish though, so I guess you get what you pay for? Maybe. But this was disappointing, I hate leaving a restaurant hungry. All in all, great service, but lacking in flavor and portion size.
We've been here several times and the service and staff are always great.  The one exception was a bus boy with an attitude, but I think that's an anomaly.
Even though some people dog this restaurant, I happen to absolutely love it. It's one of my favorite restaurants and I go quite frequently. The waiters are super nice and treat me wonderfully. The food is great and I always know for sure I'm going to get a good meal when I come. The prices are very reasonable. Cheaper than a chain like Olive Garden, and waaaay better quality. The location is in the heart of downtown PA, so after eating dinner in the evening it's nice to just talk a walk downtown. The lunch special is an excellent deal. For $9.95 you choose a pasta, get either soup or salad and a soda. How can you beat that?
Like an old t-shirt, its easy, comfortable, and consistent. The menu is easily understood and reasonably priced. If you're looking for a good bowl of pasta and a glass of wine, this is a good choice. Its noisy, the service is spotty, but we've been back a dozen times. Stanford students, a good place for a date. Non-Stanford students, a good place for a date.
Had an early dinner here with a friend mid-week.  The food and menu don't seem like anything to write home about yet I'm writing about it here..... Our service was fine, the food was decent (I had the mushroom risotto special and K had the spaghetti and meat balls) and since it was early it wasn't too loud.  But I did feel that as soon as people did start arriving they surrounded us with them even though there were still several tables open. Nothing much else to say.
3 stars cause; 1. I am generous, 2. the bartender was SUPER cool and we made some drinks from recipes that I pulled off of my iPhone and she was cool and played along, 3. I'd go here IF everything was closed in the vicinity. What I didn't like was the FOOD... it was too PLAIN! Not enough ZEST and SPICE to it. But the service from the waiters, bar tenders were great. Parking was a lil tricky but IF you drive around enough times... you're bound to find a spot.
Came here after an adventure at Ikea down the street. Not a bad place for dinner with some friends. The restaurant is pretty noisy though. It would have been better if I didn't have to speak louder during our convo. There are a lot of pasta selections on the menu (duh!), but they do offer some other protein dishes (i.e. chicken parmigiana). I think the average price for the main dishes are about $13. There was nothing on the regular menu that really sparked my interest. It was a lot of the same basic pasta dishes from other places except the salmon fettucini seemed interesting. But I decided to go with one of the night's dinner special... Cheese tortellini with crispy pancetta, sage & butter: I was expecting a cream sauce like how it is at Pasta Pomodoro, but it's literally just what the name of the dish describes. The flavor was pretty good, some of tortellni was a little dry but I guess that's what's expected from a sauceless dish. I would order it again. Too bad it's a special so who knows when it'll be back. =P I would come back to try something on the regular menu if I happen to be in the area. But I kind of see this place like a different version of Pasta Pomodoro. This place does have a bigger menu and offers appetizers like beef carpaccio (will have to try next time!). This place is worth the try if you're wandering up and down University wondering what to eat, but don't go out of your way for it.
Haven't been here in a while - glad to see it's still around!  Have to admit, we are more pasta pomodoro kinda folk.  It's cheap, fast, and basic.  This place is a couple notches above that. We ate outside on a Friday night.  Man it was cold.  Heat lamps would be a great addition.  The tables outside are puny, and the ground is slanted!  Everything was scooting towards my husband's plate all night.  Next time we'll definitely sit inside, near the window.  It's prime location for people watching. Can't remember the name, but I ordered pasta with chicken brocolli and "pink" sauce.  Though it was a weird description, the "pink" sauce was pretty darn good!  Big portions, and just the right amt of sauce.  Husband had the lasagne.  Kinda small, he was still hungry afterwards. But it was definitely tasty. No dessert this time - too cold to keep sitting there, so we cut dinner early.  Loved the dishes we had, but the tables outside could use some work, and the inside seating is a little cramped.  I'd give the food 5 stars, but had to knock off a couple for the ambiance factor.  We may have found an alternative to pasta p.
Pasta? Standard fare, decent prices for downtown palo alto, decent service, decent wine list, decent choices from menu. Casual space with sports bar style on the other side of the divider. Not too crowded on a weekday night. If you are particular about your pasta and have expectations, you have come to the wrong place. If you want decent pasta and affordable prices with fast service, this is your place. Seems like a consistent place.
I've only been to Pasta? for lunch and tonight we were working late so I ordered Chicken Marsala to go.  When the order came to $40 for 2 dinners I thought something was weird but I figured maybe dinner was more.  I got to the office and was very disappointed to see my $20 dinner plate.  Very small piece of chicken with few vegetables.  I went online to see if the dinner menu was different from lunch and it wasn't so I called in to say I got overcharged.  Chicken Marsala is not on the menu - Veal Marsala is.  I was told that Marsala costs more.  Really?  I said 'no veal costs more and every time I order Chicken Marsala, I am charged the same as Chicken Picatta.'  Then I was told that mushrooms cost more.  OK, now we are getting ridiculous!  I explained again that I am always charged the same price as the chicken picatta to which she said 'that was obviously a long time ago.'  Umm, it was 4 days ago! It went round and round like this..... Long story short, Pasta? is one big question mark.  REALLY?!  This is how you treat customers? Can't say I'll be back!
We enjoyed a cozy, rainy night dinner here recently. The atmosphere was relaxed and fun but not too, too noisy or crazy. The tables are close but it all seemed to work. My husband had the filet mignon special and both of us enjoyed sharing the burrata platter. They were both outstanding! I had a pasta dish which was fine, if a little unremarkable. The service was prompt and friendly. We will go again!
The service, or lack of completely overshadowed the decent meal we had this past Saturday.  From the glares we got from the wait staff when we asked for refills on soda and water to the inaudible mumblings of our waiter, made the service hardly worth the 18% gratuity they so generously added to the check for our party of 6.  (None of us saw this policy written anywhere on the menu, but it may have been an oversight.) Food: Pretty good.  I enjoyed my panini and everyone else in our party enjoyed their food. Service: Surly and unattentive. Ambience: Loud, but a nice place for a Saturday lunch.  Only complain would be the brick benches.
great place in PA to come and enjoy some good Italian food! Came here on a Friday night, great vibe, had to wait for about 10 minutes to get seating since it was packed but overall, the food and the wine were all great! Meals to try- Ravioli della Casa (pink sauce is delicious), Spaghetti Carbonara. The salads are great too! Very relaxing spot, come here when you need to get away and eat out!
I've been here a couple of times and it's not great but not bad either.  It's a good place to have some drinks and enjoy decent pasta in downtown PA.  I typically get the Spaghetti with clams, which is pretty good, but the portion is small.  And I am a petite person with a very small appetite, so that's a problem when I say that! If you're looking for decent pasta at cheap prices, I would recommend Pasta Pomodoro over this place. UPDATE 3/18/2008 Came here last week for lunch, and they no longer have linguini w/clams (sad face).  But, I tried their special Capellini Gamberi and it was pretty good.  Looks like they finally upped their portions and I actually felt the price was more worth it.  I'm still kind of in between a 2.5 and 3 star, because I don't think it's the best place for pasta, but I don't mind coming here for lunch.
I'd put this at a 3.5. The food is decent and the prices are good.  It's not a bad default place to go, but I wouldn't drive to get here.  Again, the prices are very good and there is a decent amount of variety in the menu.  Happy hour is $2 off drinks which provides one more excuse to default here.
Good food and very reasonable prices!! Fast service and the best Tiramisu :)
Pasta? has a sign out on the sidewalk celebrating their 10th anniversary. 10 years ago - this was an amazing place, which would earn 4 or 5 stars. The place was half the size it is now, the prices were half what they are now (literally), the pasta was awesome, and it had a character and ambiance of a college-friendly casual Italian joint. However, times have obviously changed this place for the worse. A few years back, they bought an old pharmacy and doubled the size of the restaurant, placing in a new bar and some fancy lighting. Perhaps in order to keep up with the 53 other Italian restaurants on University Ave, they upped the prices to double-digit dollar amounts. While the pasta remains fairly awesome (I love the fettucine al salmone), everything else seems a bit worse and especially now that it costs $12 and it used to cost $7.50. The whole "I go to college and I can afford this respectable meal" concept it gone out the window to the tourists and visitors and showy IT types who constantly run around the area. It's too bad because there is so little in this college town that actually resembles a college town anymore. Late at night, this place become euro-chic-wannabe with a lot of foreign Palo Altoey expat types. I believe they even call it "The PQ Lounge" - which is hilarious. So, I'm pretty much done with this place. However, if you've never been, go on a warm, sunny day, sit on the sidewalk, and have the fettucine al salmone - it's awesome.
I ate here because they had tables on the sidewalk (a plus in my book).  The waiter was a little jerky, he brought me the wrong beer (damnit, Amstel Light, not BUD Light) and was a little scarce when I needed more water. The bread with olive oil and balsamic was a nice touch.  Place is loud on the inside but sidewalk seating is perfect, in between the buz inside and the drone of Uni Ave on the outside. I ordered the special, some penne with ground pork sausage, peas and mushrooms in a cream sauce.  Pasta was perfectly al dente, sauce was tasty, not too salty or greasy, and in just the right proportion to pasta. All in all, a good experience.  I'd give 3.5 stars, but I tend to round down.
Came here for my birthday, 3/9/2010. I have a friend from Italy who actually prefers this restaurant to most other Italian restaurants in the area. He lived in the area for quite a while so that definitely says something! Solid pasta dishes, I usually enjoy the gnocchi. The cannoli were actually pretty bad though, I would NOT even recommend trying them. However the tiramisu is very tasty, my brother who spent last summer in Italy says its better than most of the tiramisu he had there! That's impressive. They gave us a free slice of tiramisu with a candle for the special occasion. Now I'll probably end up re-celebrating the occasion at a more appropriate location now that I'm in the mood to actually celebrate my birthday, but it was a solid dinner nonetheless.
This place is a nice pick for Happy Hour. It's right in the center of University Avenue and it's definitely happening. I had their Rigatoni and had their Mini Dessert around 5:30 after work and thoroughly enjoyed it. The wait staff were nice and prompt.
zero stars if i could. my bf came to this place many years ago and remembered it was great, so he wanted to take me there. we looked at the menu and i wasn't very impressed. i did find a gorgonzola dish that i was very interested in trying, but our waiter was so new, he couldn't tell me anything about it bc he did not try it himself. That is fine, but he couldnt even tell me if he heard anything else about it. He brought over another waiter that he claimed had been there longer to help me on my ordering decision. The new waiter was kinda rude and more cocky, and made me feel like i was bothering him. My bf also had a question and before he could even ask, the waiter quickly rushed off while saying he would be back. my bf tried to get his attention as he was walking away, but just ignored his request. I was so mad, i told my bf, i wanted to leave bc this service is ridiculous.We immediately left and didnt look back. I refuse to give business to a place that does not even give me the time of day. i must mention that there were only 3 other tables there, so the waiter couldn't have possibly rushed off to anything that important while my bf was trying to inquire about the menu. EPIC FAIL. if you dont believe me, check the other reviews on here. i should have consulted yelp before we came here.
Salmon Fettuccine...i love you! Im so sad that they got rid of the Pasta? in Fremont! I am a loyal lover of the salmon fettuccine, but one day I will stray and try the salmon risotto that my sister raves about.
For some reason even the bread didn't wow me. Sure they've got the olive oil and balsamic vinegar goin' on, but just the bread that day was a little tougher to chew on. Not hot, not warm, just bread. Now the pasta, well I had the Fettucine Al salmone. And I love salmon. It's perhaps my favorite fish besides catfish. It comes w/ peas, onions and dill in a pink sauce. Now there were tons of peas, and..wait, where's the salmon? Oh, there's a tiny piece, there's another...COME ON! I was expecting chunks of salmone, and I don't think at any point did I ever taste anything salmone-like in the pasta! Be more generous! The sauce itself was good though. I like creamy. mmm sauce. If you go, choose another dish. Everyone else's looked better than mine. :(
Its so cute in here! I went on a nice day, so my friend and I sat outside. Our waiter was so hot, I was thinking... wow, he's got that 007 aura to him! Buffed, green eyes, accent... ok wait a minute! Need to snap out of it! Anyway..... The food was alright, I actually liked my friend's plate better than mine! I think he had some kind of tortalini thing with the orange sauce on it... it was good! I went with a simple salad because I'm on this superficial diet of mine, but it went right out the window when my salad was drenched in dressing!
We stumbled upon Pasta? for a late night plate of pasta and it was perfect. If you want a pretty basic pasta place with adequate food at reasonable prices, this is it. There's a ton of nice restaurants on University that will set you back some big change. We were late night after a fundraiser and I just needed a pasta fix. Lots of choices on the menu, generally around $11-12. And the wine list had some good diversity starting at $6/glass or $23/bottle. We dined around 11 p.m. while almost every other restaurant was closing. Service was outstanding - friendly and quick. I had the spaghetti tarantina (mussels, calamari, garlic in spicy red sauce) which was fine. I had the house sangiovese which was adequate. The bread was marginal. If I was taking a nice date for a fine Italian dinner, I would go elsewhere. But if you want a functional place for a decent dinner at a reasonable price, this is it.
Great pasta, great price, great service, and great interior decor. The bread is a bit stale.. and the capriccio taste a bit frozen but everything else is perfect. And if you go to their Mt. View shop they even have real italian waiters!!
It's the kind of pasta place you go to because you want pasta, you don't want to wait a long time, and if you feel like a mixed drink they're happy to oblige.  There isn't anything truly spectacular about it and it does run on the expensive side for what it is, but it tastes good and it's consistent. Times visited: 10+
Overall, most of pasta dishes taste pretty good at Pasta? compared to other Italian restaurants in downtown Palo Alto, but their service is so-so. The wait staff are friendly but not overly attentive.  I went there with my co-workers the other day and whenever we wanted to call waitress, we had to wait about 5 minutes minimum. Try not to have any expectations on pasta, then you'll be surprised and pleasantly finish your dishes.  It's pretty decent, I should say.
Pasta is very mediocre.  I had the pesto pasta with eggplant - I might as well have eaten pasta in naked olive oil with green food coloring.  The prices are stupidly high for such average pasta, but this is about as 'cheap' as it gets on University ave. To be practical, the new decor is very 'hip,' so it's probably a good place to take a date if you're not into dropping lots of cash elsewhere in downtown PA.
I have been eating here for a couple of years and I like it. Their rigattoni is nice and their sauces are all so good!!!! I always like ordering some kind of tomato sauce or sauce that has wine in it. It's not expensive and the food is great. It's also in an optimal location because of all the other things  you can find on University Avenue. It's a long time favorite for me. Ps: I also like their wines.
If you wait to eat until you figure out how to say the name (is it Pasta? or Pasta or even "Pasta Question Mark") you might starve! Anyway, Pasta? has pretty good, not great, Italian food at reasonable prices. It is usually pretty crowded, so you may have to wait a few minutes before being seated (even at 10:00pm). Once you are seated, the service is decent and they even hire waiters with authentic Italian accents. The accents along with the open restaurant front (sidewalk seating) gives this place character and makes it seem a little bit like an authentic Italian Trattoria (although one course is definitely enough food!), minus all of the people walking around with Google t-shirts. The bar is really nice and has a great atmosphere, nice lighting although it is fairly small. There is a large screen that has sports or various tv shows projected onto it. The happy hour specials include discounts on Martinis and A.M.F's, as well as a few others and seem like a good deal. The one thing that really annoys me about Pasta? is that the bread that they give you is not very good. If I go to an Italian restaurant, I want good warm bread and the bread here just doesn't cut it (unless I'm starving). The bread is why I only give Pasta? 3 stars instead of 4. As far as the food goes at Pasta?, the pasta tastes like it is really fresh (yes, I believe that they make it there) and the sauces are pretty good as well. My personal favorite is Gnocchi with pesto (which actually isn't on the menu). Also the ravioli is really good as well as pretty much any other dish you order on the menu. As the prices suggest, the food is not great, but at least the prices are reasonable. Overall for your money, the experience at Pasta? will most likely be a positive one, just be sure to communicate well with your waiter, because most likely they will speak English only as a second language!
I love pasta? Just the name in itself is just awesome, would you guys like to go to pasta? i'm in the mood for pasta? let's go to pasta? good food, i cant get enough of the fusili
I didn't remember that I've been to this place until hubby told me that we've been here.  And after eating here, we had the same impression as before -- "Meh... nothing bad but nothing good either." Their food is okay, not great.  I mean their special of the lobster tail and mussels pasta was decent enough but nothing to write home about.  I like hubby's spaghetti and meatballs better, in fact.  (Of course, hubby didn't like his spaghetti and meatballs and couldn't stand anything seafood either.) Yes, the bar can be loud, so sit away if you want a more quiet there!!! I think I will stick with the Cheesecake Factory if I were around that area... and if I don't have to be around that area, I'll head towards Los Altos or something. Next time I think about going here again, I'll refer back to this review to remind me why I should consider going elsewhere.  :-P
My husband got horrible food poisoning at this restaurant. He had me smell his lasagna, sadly after he'd had 2 bites, because it tasted odd. You could smell the rancid meat once it was a few inches from your nose. Disgusting
I went here once on a Friday night.  It was packed but we were seated promptly.  The place was a little loud but the atmosphere overall was nice.  I ordered the lasagna but didn't really like it.  It wasn't bad, but I'm not a fan of cream sauces and their lasagna was surrounded with this creamy alfredo-y/sourcream-y type sauce.  I'm more of a marinara type of guy so I'd get something else next time. They don't have a full bar so your after dinner drink selection is limited but my date and I got a couple glasses of port that was syrupy but decent. For food and atmosphere I'd give this place 3 stars but the 4th star is due to their service.  It was good in general but one thing that impressed me was after we declined to order dessert, they (the owner maybe?) gave my date and I a tirimisu for free to share.  I thought that was very nice.
So we tried this place because my friend said it was cheap and good. Sometimes I have to wonder what my friend is thinking. This place is like the olive garden, but the location is smaller. However, at Olive Garden they bring you more bread. So we ordered two salads and two pastas. The salads seemed like they came out of plastic bag from the grocery store with store bought dressing. The croutons on the Cesar were stale. I asked for extra dressing, but they forgot it. That just bothers me. The pastas were OK. Nothing to write home about. The service was average at best. We had to ask for more bread, water, and a second time for extra dressing. The waiter brought the check without asking about dessert. I am pretty sure he knew we weren't into the food though. We won't be going back.
Not too shabby at all.  Reasonably priced.  Pretty good service.. convenient downtown MV location.... I had lunch with a friend, I had a small salad and she had a chicken parm salad and it came out to $15..  not bad at all. Bread was actually pretty good too, and balsamic and olive oil on the table already. Prompt, good service... I'd go back.
The people who work there are awesome! The managers that run the place are always really friendly and welcome you. The food is really basic, you cant really go wrong with pasta. It's nothing fancy, so don't expect it to be the world's greatest pasta. This is a place to go when you dont feel like cooking, or you are with a bunch of friends with a low budget. Overall, great place to grub with a friend for a low key night. Say hello to Franco and Angelo next time you're there. Very friendly managers.
Food is like the other Pasta? Service is good. There seem to be real Italian men that work there. Why did I make a point of that? They look like relatives of Fabio and are not shy at staring at nice cars and breathing through their eyeballs when they see gorgeous women, even if it's your date/GF/wifey/cougar/mistress, etc......
Would have given 3 stars, but was served the wrong food the first time around. Went there for late lunch on a Saturday afternoon.  The Salmon Fettuccine was actually pretty decent.  A generous portion of pasta tossed in a creamy tomato sauce with salmon and pancetta bits.  Though the pancetta was a bit overpowering, the dish overall was pretty good.  Unfortunately, the cream of mushroom soup of the day we thought we had ordered actually turned out to be clam chowder instead.  Not sure what happened here...but since it was almost 2pm, they either switched out the soup once the real soup of the day ran out and didn't bother telling the waiters, or... our waiter was just clueless during the whole lunch period!  All in all, a nice afternoon lunch that was neither spectacular nor disappointing either.  I wouldn't wait around though if this place was ever crowded... just opt for somewhere else on University Ave.
Not terrible, but for the price, I have had way better. the decor is nice and with the  amount of room they had to work with, it is done pretty well. Half the restaurant is a bar adn the other is dining.  There is seating outside as well for dining. For you first timers, the bathroom locations: Bar side:  Women's Kitchen (Dining) Side:  Men's i liked the lovely colored chandelier.  Now for the "eh" part. Bread...okay (NOTE:  First sign we should have went elsewhere...) We ordered this mussels in red sauce that was served with "literally" 4 triangle slices of toast.  WTF?  I paid $9 something for steamed mussels in tomato sauce with toast.  RIP OFF! i ordered the Fet. Alfredo with chicken.  Not bad, the white sauce was missing something and the dish would completeley boring in taste without the chicken.  The chicken was an extra %2.00.  i think the complete dish was just under $13.  Over priced by about 2 bucks.  Yes, I have had better.  It wasn't "GAG ME!"  but seriously, I have had better white sauce. GF ordered this other thing...I can't describe it... I had to ask her, "Penne con Pollo." Damn, I can make this better in my kitchen...with flavor.  Sauce needed work, chicken needed work, dish needed work. GOD, we should have just skipped and drove to In & Out on Rengstorff for a Double Double.  Man, those are good, animal style, protein style, with animal style fries. They did keep our waters filled, staff was pleasant, and music was a bit loud though. Next time you roll downtown PA and thinking about a place to eat, if all options are exhausted and you have no where to turn....call on, The A - Team...no kidding, go here so you don't die from starvation, but the bill might kill you.
We went here for dinner with my family visiting from Oregon and a friend.  Our server was honestly fantastic, very nice and made good menu recommendations.  The atmosphere is warm and the set up is nice, lots of wood and high ceilings. Dinner was served with bread & oil, nothing too fancy.  I ordered a cocktail that was decent- priced very reasonably at $8.  Most the dishes are in the $9-$15 range.  I ordered the lasagna and thought it was quite good, but not extraordinary.  We ordered a couple of deserts that were about the same as the main course- just good. There are other Italian places that I would go to before Pasta?, but if a group of friends was headed here I would go with no reservations.
Pretty good, pretty consistent, not so good for that low carb lifestyle. When I moved back down to Silly Valley from The City, the thing I was happiest about was Castro St. Six months in a near-the-city job that had no worthwhile eating opportunities within three miles left me jubilant at the thought of being able to walk 2-3 blocks and have thirty selections. Sure, 25 of them are sushi and noodles, but still. When I started down here, we'd go to Pasta? twice a week. Good sit-down lunch, enough to fill you up for an afternoon of useless meetings... attractive and friendly waitresses, and at least friendly waiters (not my type)... reasonable prices ($15/person with soft drink, tax, and generous tip)... When I started on a diet at the beginning of the year, we dropped to every two weeks. It was more of a splurge calorie-wise than a default choice if nobody suggested something else. Still good stuff, and once in a while we succumb to the temptation of the tiramisu.
Cheapest Italian place on University that's worth visiting. Good, though not great, pastas - an extra star for good value.
I've been many times to the Pasta? in downtown Mtn. View. Here is more of the same, but a little bit more upbeat. I love places where the glass doors (not the entrance) open all the way up so it's like you're dining on the street even if you're right inside. So European and relaxing. Several of the people working there are genu-wine Italians so you can practice speaking the language with them if it strikes you. The food is fresh and tasty. Had the cheapest glass of pinot grigio on the list and it was wonderful. At the end the service got a little slow. My espresso ended up being on the house - to make up for the service I believe.
Surprisingly this place was a disappointment. I ordered a penne pasta with cream sauce and spicy Italian sausage here Sunday night. Although the pasta was 'al dente' everything else was just too heavy. I felt sickened and gross after eating a few bites and thought to myself, maybe I'm just trying get my appetite started. After trying to engorge myself and miserably failing I realized I just couldn't scarf down the heavy sauce and settled to attempt eating only the three broccoli pieces I had left and  penne. The remaining pieces of sausage and peas were left on the plate.
The food is pretty good.  I really enjoyed the bolognese. Food servers are nice but SLOW!  Even when our server only had 3 tables she was slow to bring butter out. Speed is very important when you have 3 kids under 3.  If you have kids I would probably go somewhere else that serves quicker.
The pasta here is pretty solid.  I had the spaghetti with tomato creme sauce and hubby had the spaghetti w/meatballs.  Just as good as some of the higher price italian places in the neighborhood. Knocked off 1 star b/c the wait staff leave something to be desired. Waiter who took our order was nice enough. Guys who serve the food don't know how to say "you're welcome" when you say "thank you" and look bothered when you ask for your food in a take-out container. Go for the food, not the service. Music from the bar was jammin - felt like I was in a club.
My father and I stumbled upon this restaurant during the Senior Track and Field Championships this summer.  I was so impressed by the way the staff treated the athletes.  My father was beaming:) The atmosphere is quite nice, minus the giant TVs in the bar area that still glare into the dining area.  Decent wine list and amazing salmon and peas dish.  Franco Campilongo (GM) went out of his way to make sure we celebrated the championship dinner properly.  His warmth and care for his customers reminded me of my experiences in Italy.  I will definitely return in the future.
I'm not a 5 star whore, but I don't think that the yelpers that gave this spot less than 5 stars had the Penne Arrabiatta.  This casual spot is a must when I'm in the area. Don't tell....but I used to drive and binge eat this pasta by myself. Sometimes, I'd even order two just so I'd have some to take home since it wasn't close by. I never understood what it meant when people would say the pasta tasted so fresh until I had this spot.  Good solid fresh pasta.
The place is cute. Drinks during HH - well priced. Food - crap! I would NOT order the pasta dishes, they taste like pasta with ragu sauce that you can make at home. And even home made pasta comes out better than pasta here. YUCKY Food!
One of my favorites in Palo Alto.  Great place to see and be seen.  Location Location Location.  Owners/Staff always very nice.  Great food. Unlike many restaurants, when these guys serve you a martini, you KNOW it.  Some restaurants I flag with a "Weak Drink Alert".  This is not one of them.
Place sucks!  Ordered an appetizer and it never came.  Waited 45 min for in.  The bald manager was rude and pretentious.  Won't go here again and recommend Nolas or Osteria instead.
I had the pesto pasta. It was alright. Nothing that I couldn't have whipped up in ye ole kitchen watching good ole Mario Batali For the best Italian eats in Palo Alto, go for Osteria
I'll have to say, I enjoyed my meal very much. I got spaghetti with sausage and it was delicious. The portion was right, too. One thing I also liked was that it didn't come out burn-your-mouth hot. It was hot, but not too hot to shove into my mouth immediately, which I was going to do no matter how hot it was because of how hungry I was. The service was fast and friendly, although the waitress kept trying to take away my beer with more left in it. A mistake we all laughed about, though, so nothing to worry about. This place would have gotten five stars if they had a few lower-priced options. Not much under $10.95 here. But for the quality, that isn't a huge problem.
I agree with the previous reviewer, that this restaurant is quite similar to Pasta Pomodoro. Right when we walked in, it reminded me of Pasta Pomodoros decor, ambiance and yes, even menu. The restaurant is split between bar and dining area. It didn't make sense why the place had to play really loud house music. In my opinion, the place was fighting between classy and hip. If you're trying to have a romantic dinner, this is not the place. Now to the food: The BF and I ordered bruchetta for the appetizer. Fairly good. Although, you can hardly go wrong with this dish. For our entree order, we decided on the Penne Norana with spaghetti noodles. The white cream sauce was delightful and the dish itself had a hint of carbonara about it. Also ordered the Spaghetti Bella Napoli with linguine and clams in a white wine sauce. Yum. Overall an ok experience.
Pasta? is certainly a fitting name. The food is so bland, that it is simply pasta; nothing more, nothing less. The servers are polite, but not very accommodating. The price, in my opinion, is too costly, for what it is.
We have been there at least 5 times and the food and wine is really good. Nice sports bar if you want to enjoy a game with some beer. Very crowded pleace so make sure you book a table before you go. I would surely go again.
Went here for a casual lunch with a friend on a Saturday. Food:  A-. Ordered Pasta Carbonara and it was seasoned well, al-dente as I like it, and with the right amount of oil. Nothing outstanding or extraordinary to merit an A or A+ grade. Service: A+. Waiters were friendly, smiling, cheerful, and upbeat. Loved the service. We were attended to in good time. Ambiance: B. Just right for a casual lunch but not for a romantic evening or for a large group of friends (small restaurant) or for a special occasion. Restaurant had a cold feeling to it with dark colors and uncomfortable non-cushion chairs and dark lighting.
Came here today for lunch and was surprised by how good the food was but was disappointed with how crappy the service was. According to my friend, that's the problem with this place most of the time. Here's the breakdown: Pros: -$10 lunch special, which includes an appetizer (soup or salad), an entree and a sod so you get a lot of bang for your buck. I even had leftovers!! -Cute setting -Yummy food- I started with the Cream of Broccoli soup and it was creamy and seasoned just right. For my entree, I had the Fusilli con Salsiccia and it was pretty good. The sausage in it had a nice flavor to it with just a tiny bit of kick at the end. The red sauce was also good and the pasta was cooked just how I like it- al dente. Cons: -Service! The servers barely stop at your table long enough to see if you need anything. We made several attempts to get our server's attention, EVEN WHILE SHE WAS AT OUR TABLE, and it was like she was a spaz and decided to take schizo pills before coming to work. Talk about ADD. We figured it was just her but then two additional servers came to our tables at various intervals and they were just as clueless as she was. -Parking- I mention this only because it's downtown Palo Alto and parking can be quite the challenge. I was lucky my friend works nearby so I could park in the garage of her building but had that not been the case, I'm guessing I would have ended up frustrated, just trying to find a place to park. All in all, it's pretty good. I think it's a good value- $10 bucks for lunch is just about what I'm happy paying for a lunch. I'm sure we'll be back. Convenient location and, aside from the clueless staff, the food is good and worth having again.
I really only come to this place for one item: the fusilli con salsiccia, which is a corkscrew pasta with italian sausage in a spicy tomato sauce. It's the one gem in a menu full of bland, basic pastas. No wonder the name of the place is actually "Pasta?" (yes, with a question mark), because everytime I walk by and see how packed the place is, I myself also say, "Pasta?? Really?!?" And oh yeah, who could forget the time the manager (at least I think he was a manager) was chatting away with a patron and accidentally knocked my glass of water on to my lap. Without diverting his attention away from the lady, he just casually grabbed some napkins from another table, dropped them on my table, and continued on with his flirting. Yay? They need to change the name to Pasta!$#%(@*!
I liked Pasta? That wasn't a question but a statement. Went here on a recommendation, and thought the food lived up to expectation. Had the ravioli with pink sauce, and could have licked the plate clean. Atmosphere was very nice, got to eat at an outdoor table on a beautiful night. Pasta? is good food, no question.
Went here to eat some food and drink some beer for happy hour. We were told that HH only applies to customers sitting on the bar area. We thought that was a little unusual because we were expecting that HH is in all areas of the restaurant (like other bars and restaurants). Also, I thought that the $5 martini pertains to their other martinis but it's only for the regular ones. Regardless of a few restrictions, we decided to stay. We had the shrimp with lemon and butter on a bed of small salad and penne arrabbiata. We also had La Rossa beer with our meals. The waiter also gave us a basket of bread with our food. Price is decent and so was the food. It filled us up pretty fast so it's all good.
Beginning with the name...I relate to this place.  Coming from a true Italian background, I could pretty much eat some form of Italian any night of the week, so when people ask what I'm in the mood for, my response often matches this restaurants name..."Pasta?" Besides the name, it really is good and filling for such a reasonable price. Due to space constraints it can get a little loud.  I think it would also do the owner some good to decide whether they are looking to be the next sports bar or an Italian restaurant, as the two don't necessarily go hand in hand in my opinion.  Take away the blaring, big screen TV and you've got yourself a quaint little Italian restaurant and a fifth star in my book :)
I was forced to come to Pasta? again for the second time in a week.  It wasn't because I don't like the place, I just wasn't craving Italian at the time.  But when I do crave some Italian food, Pasta isn't so bad. The waiters are always nice and try to impress you with their Italian "buona sera" which I get a kick out of.  And I have no complaints about their service which is prompt. The food is good but not anything special.  The portions I think are perfect for the price.  The bread is usually warm and tastes fresh, but my BFF that I ate with tonight complained about it being not as good as other times.  I thought the bread was still good with some olive oil and balsamic vinaigrette. But to wrap it up, if you're in the Palo Alto area and you're craving affordable Italian food, Pasta? is the place to go.
I've been to PA several times and seen this place; I've definitely been wanting to check it out. Alas, I was kind of disappointed. First off, we were a party of three, two of which were there and the rude hostess refused to sit us until we were all there. Once we get seated, we had no utensils and no napkins. The bussers practically dropped out waters and bread on the table, and still didn't bring utensils. When I got up to grab one of them, he left us a couple of spoons. WTF?! They gave my girlfriend spicy sauce that was WAY over the top spicy, and my other friend didn't get the spicy sauce she ordered. My own ravioli was excellent, and the canoli and souffle were really good also, but the service ruined it for us.
Walking down University there was an abundance of restaurants to choose from, but we were in front of Pasta? and I'm glad we went in. It was still Happy Hour time and appetizers and pastas ranged $4 to $5 so we thought it'd be good.  One problem we found was most happy hr pasta dishes were noodles and sauce (no meat source) and other dishes like coppino was mussels and clams no pasta or carb filling base.  So we made a makeshift pasta which turned out tasting great.  Fuschilli pasta with italian sausage, coppino which is spicy garlic marinara soupish with mussels and clams, then order of meatballs which came with 3 total, and finally assorted salami dish. 4 dishes we combined making one pasta w/ italian sausage, mussels, clams and a side of salami.  The bread tasted real good too, especially dipping in the coppino sauce. For desert we decided on the chocolate souffle which was rich and molten with dense chocolate interior with 2 small scoops of vanilla gelato. The bartender Elena was really attentive, and a wonderful the desert shot was a nice complement to souffle.  Whole meal was fulfilling and cost about $35 after tax/ tip.   I'd go back to try full size portions and for the service.
Good food, decent atmosphere, nice wine selection, great prices. We found this place while wandering University, and of the Italian places we saw, this one had the best prices for sure, and the atmosphere was still nice. Happy hour is from 3-6 everyday and get you $2 off all wine/spirits/beer, so I was able to get a great wine (an Argentinian Malbec-Cab) for only $7. We were seated with a view of the GIANT television (which we'd asked for, so we could watch football). Service was lacking, but we had told the waiter we'd be taking our sweet ass time for ordering and for dinner, so we weren't surprised that he didn't check in on us much. We ordered Bruscetta as an appetizer, and loved it. It was served on garlic bread, not crostini, and had tons of basil on it. Delicious! For dinner, my sweetie had a dish that was penne with Italian sausage and peas in a cream sauce. He thought it was great, and I liked the slight spiciness of the sausage paired with a cream sauce.  I ordered gnocchi in a fontina cheese and truffle sauce. The gnocchi was a bit potato-y, but the dish was very tasty. Portions were good. I had some leftovers to take with me, but my partner did not, Thank goodness for not having ridiculously large portions. Also, prices were very fair (about $12 for a pasta dish). Overall, it's not fine dining, by any means. But, for a place with good wine, a huge TV and $12 creative pasta dishes, I was quite pleased.
Ravioli Della Casa!!!! The best ravioli in town. Always! I have been going there for many years, and not once was it a miss. The sauce was always just right. They rebuilt it a few years ago and it is even more cozier than it was before. The service is fast and the waiters are nice. They also opened one in Mountain View Downtown, and I had tried it several times. It's just not the same. The restaurant itself looks old, the waiters are loud, and the food is not great. So skip the mountain view and go straight to palo alto.
2 locations but good to be going to Palo Alto location cause taste better. One of authentic casual Italian restaurant. Pasta is always "al dente" and their tomato sauce is awesome. This reason, I love their Pomodoro. Minestrone soup is fresh, cook to order. I usually order a glass of house, Sangiovese or Chianti with food. Price everything here is fair but quality is more than expected.
I was  attracted to this restaurant due to its reasonably priced menu and nice decor.  I tried a few different dishes and they were all good. Spaghetti Tarantina is my favoite, the portions were a bit small for me ,  tables are a little too close between seats.  But if you're looking for a great italian dish, with great service, this is the place to go!
Really like the very wide variety of pastas here. Some are good - the angel hair pomodoro is solid. Service is usually pretty good and people there are very friendly. Can't give it more than 3 stars, because many of the dishes are just 'OK'...but its not a crazy high end place. About what you'd expect. The arrabiata sauce is quite good - and you can never go wrong with good spicy sauces.  Solid place if you just want a quick plate of pasta.
I don't know what the people are complaining about. The food is great and the bread is very good too, esp. when you eat it with the olive oil and balsamic vinegar. The service is good too, the waiters are practically running around on a busy night.
Pasta? started off offering decent Italian food for less than the nearby restaurants. Over the last few years the friendly Italians on staff have raised the ante on the food while always making my family feel really welcome. We eat out a fair bit and this is our favorite.
We came here for another visit since it's been awhile... and the fact that it is super close definitely helps. I love how it's open late since we've been out and about late dealing with home improvement issues. We dropped in and even though it was close to 9pm, the place was still super bustling! Our server was pleasant and they refilled our water cups promptly. I ended up with my favorite... penne a la amatriciana which is the spicy tomato sauce with onions and pancetta. S ordered the special which was a chicken and porcini accented spicy red sauce with farfalle pasta. The pasta was cooked perfectly, al dente to the bite! My only complaint was that my dish was on the slightly saltier side... not for someone with high blood pressure!
I love Pasta? Many employees are from Italy and it's always fun. The food is very good and reasonably priced. Great happy hour.
Just had a drink for happy hour here. The food menu didn't tempt us.
Long a Palo Alto favorite, Pasta has an annoying name (I refuse to put their '?' after it) which is a P.R. person's nightmare. What, they're not sure that it's really pasta they're serving?  Appelations aside, this is excellent, fresh-tasting pasta at reasonable prices, much better than some of the fancier and more famous establishments. Yes, it can get noisy and crowded, so try to arrive at non-date hours.  They have a superbly tangy marinara sauce and their pasta with various mollusks is wonderful.  If they offer to sprinkle on the parmesan, do so, and don't hold back til you've had enough. They're just likely to smile, especially if your little gourmet is 10 years old or so. I recommend without hesitation, but if the line is long, and you're in a hurry, come back another time when it's not as crowded.
The food was terrible.  The only reason we decided to go there was because the Yelp reviews were good.  The crab cakes tasted like canned crab, definitely not fresh.  The veal was probably the worst veal marsala I've ever tasted and someone from my group actually ended up sending their pasta and meatballs back because the meat tasted rancid.  The tiramisu had no flavor and overall the food was just bad.  I may have a biased opinion because my family actually came to the U.S. from Italy in the 50's so I'm use to the taste of REAL Italian food.  I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone, nor would any of my friends.
I like this place...quite a bit. Not the best Italian food that I have had but the overall experience was pretty good. I like to people watch and it was nice to sit outside in the great California weather with a glass of scotch and watch some well dressed people walk by on University avenue. Like having my own fashion show. OK, I got a little carried away there. But anyways...back to the restaurant. The food was above average. The bruschetta was good. I had been craving Gnocchi for a while and got to finally eat it here. The Tartufo (Truffle chocolate filled with zabaglione ice cream) was worth the trip by itself. Service was friendly and efficient. It was not one thing but the all the pieces added up to a 4 star experience.
Took my friends here for a birthday dinner, sat at the bar of course (that's always a favorite seat of mine in any restaurant).  We started off with bruschetta , very plain nothing really to brag about, I added some seasoning myself.  Then for dinner I had carpsi, it was simple and good can't really go wrong with caprsi.  The other two people ordered gnocchi, both liked their pasta, ate everyhting!
So I'm not rating the food only because I ate here once years ago but I do drink here often.... so... Read more 
Great food and phenomenal service. We came in, were seated right away. Our server was very friendly. We split the spinach salad and the fuccilli. Both were great and they were kind enough to split it for us. I would recommend checking this place out for a quick weekday bite.
I used (yes that is past tense dammit.  Cut a girl some slack... I plan on going again some day sheesh.) to go here on dates.  It was fun, relaxed, and tasty.  Nothing to complain about and nothing to yell and scream with joy about.  I consider this place to be neutral territory.  Decent (not to die for) food with nice staff and service that is always quick.  I like any kind of pasta with sausage in it or a meat sauce so I am not necessarily a pasta cone suer but this is an easy place to hit up when you do not know where you want to go.  Besides, when it is warm out they open the doors to the outside which not only makes the place seem larger then it really is but makes for a pleasant dining experience in the summer
Being on University, I expected this restaurant to be much better. I ordered the Scallopine La Marsala and this was barely bad, as in almost horrible. It was thinly sliced veal which tasted tougher than the sole of my converse all-stars. WTF. The pasta my friends ordered didnt look very appetizing either, very dry, plain something Chef Boyardee whipped up. No one came out even saying the pasta was decent.
Very good, excellent service and winning $5000.00 semolians during the Super Bowl is not bad. Excellent choice!!!!
I assure you, they do indeed have pasta.
My husband and I were starving one night and this was the first place we landed. We were sat down very quickly but it took a while for our waiter to come over, place our order, and to get our food (not to mention it wasn't good at all!). We were also very cramped and the mother/daughter table next to us might as well have been sitting at our table. I would not recommend this place for their food. I do think however that their specialty is their drinks and their late night specials. This is good for a college crowd on football night. It's an open air restaurant and loud so if you're up for that and bad food, go for it!
Pasta? is a great place if you want decent Italian food pretty quickly. Always packed, the seating is tight and the atmosphere is very loud. The pasta dishes are good, but nothing special. Try the Norcina or any of the vegetarian pastas for a yummy meal. Watch out for the host's roving hands though as you wait in line ;)
Pasta?  It's a fitting question for this establishment...as in, is this REALLY what you call pasta? (Edit: after reading some reviews, I noticed that others did the same thing there, and I'm going to keep it there, because it IS really fitting)  Everything tastes like it came out of the freezer, and to make up for that, they overcook it.  So gross.  My boyfriend had the chicken parm, which he didn't even come close to finishing (this is rare, he loves chicken parm, usually cleans his plate and mops up the sauce with his bread).  I got the Fettucine (which I never know how to spell) Alfredo, with chicken, which had some overcooked pasta and sauce that was way to thick and starting to congeal.  The pasta itself was hot, but the chicken was warm, as if they removed the precooked chicken from it's package, microwaved it real quick and threw it on.  Oh, and my glass of house cabernet...was PURPLE.  PURPLE!  Wine should not be purple! Sometimes going to the "cheap" place just isn't worth it.
Good pasta ( never overcooked), good negronis, and fair dishes in general.  It's a good reasonaly priced eatery, not superb, but defiinitely reliable
I like this place.  Yes, it had a little more character before the remodel/expansion, but I'm okay with the new atmosphere.  Great pasta, even if the name is a little annoying.  The fettucine al salmone is my absolute favorite, but when I talk myself into trying something new, I'm never disappointed.  Service is okay -- friendly, but not overly attentive.
Okay, it's not necessarily the most "authentic" pasta (having been to Italy....*bragging*) but it IS delicious and generous portions. Nice ambiance, too. For my birthday they brought me a free tiramisu which was really delicious. They're very accommodating for groups, too. I'd love to try their happy hour sometime!
OK, I think I gave this place a review once but I can't seem to find it.  I didn't give them a good review because for one, when I asked for al dente, the guy didn't know what that was. But, this time Pasta? had their game face on.  Not only did the waiter know, all of the staff were great.    Like two other servers came by and ask if we needed anything.  Very attentive and with an air of polite concern.  It was lunch time and the serving was just right, the seasoning spot on, not too salty.  I guess, they got better because the other Italian place is just across the street. But, this place is relaxing, cafe style with a bar that is usually busy at night.  It's a very popular spot in the evening and gets crowded, so don't say I didn't warn you.  Extra pluses is it is so reasonable for this area.
Slow service, bad food (pasta not cooked all the way!)...I gave it two chances and it failed.
I only give one star because I have no other option. I would give negative stars if I could. This was the worst restaurant I have been to in a long time.  I found hair in my food and in my drink. It was absolutely disgusting. If you want pasta, go to pasta pomodoro or bucca di beppo. Stay away.
I used to go here every sunday and always had fun. The servers were cool, funny, (some acutally Italian) food good and always busy with happy customers. However last couple of years things changed quite a bit. This place is now acting like a bad chain store where workers really don't care about what they do, just miserable and unhappy to be there. Prices went up through the roof, and food became something you could pick from trash! Last time around my wife and I were in the area, and decided to give it another try for good old days' sake, but had to just get up and leave before even ordering when they served us with someone else's leftover bread. How do i know its someone else's leftovers? Because the pieces of the bread were all uneven (not cut from the same loaf), some slices were harder and drier than the others, and worst of all one piece had a little bit of balsamic vinegar and olive oil on it,  eeerrr,,, like someone put the oil and vinegar on a slice of bread but decided not to eat it, and these f.ckers just put it back to the basked to be served to the next customers. UNCOOL!
Like the Mt. View location, the food has always been consistently good here. I try to avoid this place, and Palo Alto in general, on friday and saturdays because of the crowds. Or whenever there is a Stanford football game or when kids are starting school (ug---talk about annoying conversations you don't want to hear!). The food is tasty and the pasta has always been cooked just right, al dente. The bruschetta is great and wine not bad. The prices are reasonable and you are getting great tasting pasta. Whats to complain then?? The tables are kinda close together. I once had to listen to an Asian couple argue about bacteria and another group of gaggling women fresh from shopping with one bitching about her need for a bigger diamond ring. Food is good--eat fast or get a table away from the street bums and Palo Alto-ites.
Packed and bustling on a Sunday night. Service was very good and they spent time advising us of their specialties.  I had the spaghetti (whole wheat) with meatballs with arrabiata sauce instead of regular tomato sauce. He had the primavera fettuccine with pink sauce modified with arrabiata. Strangely, his pink sauce was more spicy than mine, which made his dish really superb. Mine was also good and it came with four meatballs. Pasta definitely hit the spot.
This is the regular Italian food place in Palo Alto. Not much to say other than it looks fine, it feed fine and it's priced fine. If you live there and haven't been, why not go. Probably just as good as any other selection for restaurant you can make there I'd say.
Definitely a good lunch place. Reasonable price with delicious food.
Whenever I crave Italian food I go to this spot.  The dishes I've tried: Insalata Caprese, Bruschetta, Penne a la Norma, Penne All' Arrabbiata, and Spaghetti Tarantina have not disappointed!  What I enjoy the best about Italian cuisine is THICK RED SAUCE.  This spot makes their sauce nice and thick and if you love spicy as much as I do then try the Penne All' Arrabbiata, it's seriously the best spicy marinara sauce.  The Spaghetti Tarantina is a seafood lover's dream and I would also recommend.  On another note, the people who work here are really nice and I've never had bad service.  I have noticed though that on the weekends when it's really busy they give you bread sticks instead of nice bread, which is a bummer.  Don't let this stop you from eating here though.
Ordered the spaghetti tarantina and fusilli con salsiccia with a bottle of prosecco. Only $30 for a bottle, sweet! That's about 5 flute pours. Pasta was delicious. I would definitely return again to try other dishes. Fun menu to read. It was a busy Saturday, so service was slow. Waiter never came back to check on us. I would have gave this place a 4 star otherwise. The place was kinda small.
Pasta? seems to get mixed reviews.  Sure, the food isn't incredible, but it is certainly above average.  The name is stupid, I'll give you that.  Yes, they try too hard to be "hip", or whatever the kids are calling "hip" these days.  Yes, the meals are about $1-2 more than what would be considered a great value.  For downtown PA, though, Pasta? is a decent place to get tasty Italian, and a better choice than most other similar scale Italian restaurants in the vicinity.
I always get the pasta meatball when I come here. It is really good in my opinion. My bf tries different dishes every time and they're generally good. Good enough for us to come back. The place always look busy but we never had to wait too long for a table. I don't really like the atmosphere of the place (a little impersonal, a little cheap). But service is decent and if you like really heavy (unauthentic) Italian accents, you would love the waiters here. Their bread needs a bit of work though. Cold, stale and tasteless.
Friendly staff. Decent food. Nice ambience. Its a busy restaurant on the weekends and can feel a little cramped. In general good food, good wine.
Nice ambience, good food and friendly staff. You have to wait sometimes on weekends as it gets... Read more 
One of many Italian restaurants in downtown PA, Pasta? is the only one that has a questionable name Other than that, it's pretty comparable to the rest of them, all of which are pretty solid overall. A little more casual, Pasta? has a cool bar area with some TVs and outdoor seating which is great when waiting for orders to-go while munching on some warm toasty bread. I ordered a pork medallion dinner with veggies which was quite tasty with the wine cream sauce. Portions are good enough considering the price.
Nothing special here, just your regular pasta place.
I've never been impressed with this place, and constant returns have not swayed me. At least, the food has never enticed me to return, but I keep coming back anyway. This place is great for salads, pasta, and many other delicious extras.
This place is like fast food pasta served up in a nicer environment.  Their food is inexpensive, and they have quite a nice selection.  Service is ok, nothing to really make note of.  I like this place because I will find days (like today) when I'm craving for their Fettuccine al Salmone dish.... mmm
If I didn't have to eat during the "off hour" (you know the time between lunch and dinner where every decent place is closed) I would have never picked this place. But I remember this place being always busy and we were right on time for the happy hour. Happy hour here by the way is only $2 off beer, cocktails and wines. The drinks are overpriced so the happy hour brings it down to a more reasonable price. I ordered a large Sam Adams for only $5. That was worth it. The food however was EEK! I ordered a simple rigatoni bolognese and my bf got pasta arabiata. Both were pretty mediocre and left me thinking why this place gets so much business?
They are slow at this location. The food is good and the waiters are nice. We waied forever for bread and our food took a little longer than 20 minutes . They don't pour much for a glass of wine, it's a little swimpy. which to me is bad news because I love wine and pasta.
Met a friend for lunch here and I was pleasantly surprised with the food and authenticity of the waitstaff!  For some reason - from the outside - it reminds me of Pasta Pomodoro (which I actually like, but don't consider anything special) so I was never very intrigued by the place.  Anyway, suffice to say, my pasta bolognese was yummy (very al dente and tasty sauce) and I'd be happy to go back.
Definitely love reliving the European trattoria experience, just not too often.  Love the host, love the waiters, especially Giuseppe, and love the whole wheat pasta option.  Good food at a good price.
I went here with my 15-year old daughter tonight and we had a great meal. She and I traveled in Italy together a couple summers ago, and we decided tonight was one of the most authentic Italian dinners we've had since. Great food, with delicious fresh ingredients, and a wait staff that has that certain modern Italian sense of style, food, and la dolce vita. Great place. Enjoy.
Pros: The venue is nice. The location is convenient. The manager is nice. Food comes out pretty fast. Cons: Food is below average (the croutons on my chicken caesar salad was stale; the chicken looked rather unappetizing; though the lettuce was fresh, the salad was rather blend). The waiter was rude.
The price is decent but the food is so so as well.  Not coming here again.  Oh and if you do come here you need 2 dishes to get full.
We used to go here back when they first opened in Palo Alto. At first there was no name, then just "?" on the menu. It was smaller, without the bar then. Over the years, we've gone back on special occasions. Always friendly staff, good pasta, and a relaxed atmosphere. On our latest visit, our waiter and the bartender were great! Potions are satisfying, but not huge. Worth a visit!
a good place to have lunch. Try the fettuccine al salmone. You can't go wrong with that !!
Pretty good pasta. I ordered the fettucini salmone, pretty good and filling. space is somewhat cramped, so if you want to have nice quiet dining, this is probably not the best place for it. overall not too shabby
I seem to recall this restaurant was much better as recently as a year ago. Lately, the last times I've come here the pasta has been no better than mediocre, which does not justify the high prices.
great pasta! i love how the kitchen is open for  you to see the chefs work their magic. i always come here with my soccer buddies after our pickup games. not only does the venue satisfy our taste buds with delicious grub and cold beer, they satisfy our need for MORE SOCCER by showing soccer matches on their big projector screen next to the bar. one of my favorite hangout spots in palo alto!
Really kid friendly, a lot of families, food was good, not the best italian food I've had, but it was good. Service was awesome, super friendly and welcoming. Would definitely come back again!
I can answer that question... it's NOT pasta... :) i don't know what it is...  but it sure isn't good, Italian pasta.  More like cheap, Americanized pasta.  There are way more pasta options in the area for a few dollars more.
I think back to Little Joe's in SF North Beach and shed a tear. How far have we come and to this! Pasta? has more in common with the Cheesecake Factory down the block than its own relation with the old country. The question mark in the name is not a typo; it is a legitimate question, nay, it is naked irony.
The question mark says it all--doubtfully Italian, this pasta place has an ambiance that makes you wonder if you'll come down with terrible cramps later in the day. I arrived with one of my friends late in the day, 3pm, after the usual lunch hour, before the evening dinner.  There were a couple of other tables seated.  I was immediately put off by the music which blasted statically in the corners and a distracting football game played silently on-screen in the back.  We were seated indifferently by a man I had initially thought was a customer, due to his languid responses.   A basket of bread was plopped in front of us shortly, and it was cold.  My friend ordered a ravioli with cream sauce and I ordered a penne pasta with peas and cream sauce.  They were both uninspired and bland, the cream on the ravioli was heavy and thick like a blanket of milk, unadorned, and the cream on my penne nearly undetectable.  We poured pepper, olive oil and yes, even vinegar and salt, on the dishes in order to make them taste like anything.  There was something crunchy in my pasta at the very end, and I had some difficulty identifying the meat.  Pork?  Beef?  Not quite sure... I'm not sick, so it's edible, but not a venue I would return to...
Went here last night with my friend for dinner. I've been here a few times before and always been happy with my meal (of course, I always order the gnocchi, so that could be part of it). There's both a bar and dining space fit into the compact confines of Pasta?. This spacial congiration makes for tight quarters and noisy conversation due to the proximity to your neighbors. But at the same time, you're so close to everyone, it's really easy to people watch (sat next to a father with two of the cutest and most-well behaved children I've seen in a restaurant). Although it is intimate in size, it is still aesthetically pleasing due to its sleek black decor and coloring. The food is good from what I've tasted (I had a bite of my friend's pasta w/basil and tomato sauce along with my usual plate of gnocchi) and they have a decent sized wine list (had a pinot grigio, though not the house one per the recommendation of the waiter--I was happy with the suggested selection). My rating is actually at a 3.5 because of my friend's seasoning comment. After they garnished his dish with fresh shredded parmesan, he asked for pepper. The waiter quickly returned with a large peppermill and scattered very fine specks of black pepper across the pasta. Afterwards, my friend said "Oh, I hate this. Why do such nice restaurants always have such crappy peppermills". Pasta?, fully realize your fine dining potential and upgrade to peppermills that produce potently-sized specks of spice!
The Monday afternoon Happy Hour is still blurry in my mind. I came here for the free drinks and food at some east coast school's alumni mixer. A few hours later (and a few pitchers of strawberry margaritas later...) I remember stumbling out of Pasta? with a happy stomach. And just happy.
I've never actually had the food here so I can't say anything about that,  but the happy hour here is superb! They discount ANY drink you want, the bartenders are very friendly, and there is a huge tv to watch. You can also take your beers outside and sit on the sidewalk. I've been here numerous times for the happy hours yet I've never once been tempted to order food off their menu. I will update if I ever have a meal here.
"Now I know why they call it 'Pasta?'- because they're not even sure if they can call that crap food." Direct quote from my boyfriend after we ate here for my sister's birthday. He ordered the spaghetti and meatballs.. the meatballs tasted like old dirty ground beef. My rotini tasted like Chef Boyardee. If your first bite of food doesn't prompt you to down a couple of immodium, then you must have a steel digestive system. I work in downtown Palo Alto and do not know anybody who likes this place.. I'm convinced their patrons are exclusively people travelling on business or the parents of Stanford students who do not know any better. Avoid this place at all costs, trust me.
What is not to like?  They have reliably good pasta here.  A few nights ago, I had a super memorable meal.  Started with a cream of artichoke soup, which had a delightful sweet aftertaste that intoxicated me.  Then  I had their calamari steak, served with a mouth-watering lemon-butter-caper sauce and accompanied by a delicious mashed potatoes and side of spinach.  I was in heaven.  Barely noticed my dining companions.  The molten chocolate cake was solid, too.
Great happy hour. Excellent wine! Awesome assortment of pasta. Pink Pasta, Green Pasta, Red Pasta you name it they got it. Come here with your friends or family and you will leave fat and happy!
I go here when I want cheap Italian food and Olive Garden has an hour long wait, which happens pretty often (absurd!)
I had high expectations from Pasta? since it appeared busy and the food looked appetizing.  However, their pasta was disappointingly bland.  One dish we had gnocchi with pesto sauce, which sounded amazing and looked pretty good, but was lacking flavor.  I felt a like I could have made tastier pasta myself.  Additionally, our service was mediocre.  We did not receive much attention from the moment we were seated.  We asked for butter and extra plates at least twice, if not more, before we received anything.  We also ran out of water and found it difficult to get any waiter's attention.  Though they were busy, as it was a Friday night, there were some empty tables and it was later in the night. Overall I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to a friend.  I've mentioned I tried it, but if I were to spend the money to eat out, I'd like to enjoy some delicious food.
The pasta I've had there, while not bad, has never been quite good enough for a 3-star rating, especially when so many better are in the neighborhood.
So, maybe this isn't the best place to go if you want good Italian food, but I'm giving it 4 stars because I really like the Gnocchi della casa. The pesto sauce is really good. It's yummy with a little parmesan cheese on top. Sometimes I crave the gnocchi at Pasta? and have to go back. :)
Good pasta... lots of veggie options which is a plus... the wine list sucks and is super overpriced... service has been ok everytime i go there.. nothing to write home to mom about.. sister and i enjoy it, but like i said.. drinks and service not as good as the food...
Had a pleasant meal earlier this week at Pasta?. Came kinda late (9-ish), and our server was fast and friendly. We had some great apps, including the Prataoli al Balsamico (grilled portobellos in balsamic over grilled bread)--amazing! and an antipasti plate. I ended up with the gnocchi with the truffle sauce, which was a bit bland, but was cooked well. My friend had the arrabiata which was full of flavor. Would definitely make a return visit.
Consistently good food, friendly service and kid friendly.
Loved the food the rigatoni Bolognese  was to die for! and the sauted shrimp appetizer was heavenly! Will definitely visit again hungry for more! also the servers are sweet ans patient! Loved the ambiance as well!
Good spicy marinara sauce, undercooked pasta.  Slow and shoddy service.
Not bad, a tiny hole in the wall restaurant serving up decent italian food quickly.  Good place to get filled up.
Pasta?  will always be a favorite hangout / dinner spot for me and some co-workers.  It's bigger now & newly renovated yet it still offers that small Italian boutique feel.  I love the decor and the pictures on the walls.  The waiters (are they all native Italians?) start you off with some bread that always seem to make you go HMMMM.  My ultimate fave is the ravioli...simple and delicately spiced, it always leaves me feeling satiated!  And the prices are soo cheap!  However, because of all of this, this tiny restaurant is always packed!  So I give it only 4 stars because of the noise and wait.
This place and California Pizza Kitchen are the two places I go if there's no where else to go.  I always get the penne all'arrabiata and that has never failed me yet.  I don't really enjoy the other plates, so I stick to what I know and like.  The wine bar is wide and the service is nice.  Overall, there's nothing bad about this place nor is there anything wonderful, but it's a dependable restaurant.  Dependable is always good!
The seafood spaghetti for lunch I had last week was passable.  What I didn't like about it was the pasta having the consistency of yesterday's Barilla leftover.  Having "Pasta" for an establishment name, you'd think they'd be a bit more serious about their macaroni products.  Their gnocchi wasn't bad either.  I just wish I didn't have it in their cream sauce.    I should have known by "cream" they mean typical cream-based Alfredo sauce, which I hate, so that miss is on me.  Pasta? is a dressed-up fast-food quality that surpasses Sbarro so far.  If anything else, I'd come back only for their tartufo.
Funny...this is one of those places that I would never have thought I would eat at...not that I'm a pasta snob but because of the name of the place.  However, on a cool Saturday afternoon, a friend and I felt like comfort food...and while strolling through university ave...we decided to stop in.  We ordered the gnocchi with pesto cream sauce and the fusilli con salsiccia. Both dishes were excellent...I was impressed and it hit us in the right spot.  I would definitely be back to try out other pasta dishes! :)
Inoffensive, unimpressive pasta for the unadventurous soul.
Pasta? is more like a five start fast food place for pasta.  They really move you out fast and it's all about getting as many people seated, fed and out the door as possible.  That being said, the food is to DIE for.  I mean, truly amazing.  If you are hung up on prices, well, sorry, it's Palo Alto, you aren't going to get cheap Italian.  I thought it was a lot more reasonable ten years ago, but the prices have gone up over the years.  I must say that I am disappointed that they expanded and now have a bar.  I don't think it needed that.  But, back to the review.  If you are hungry and need to make the CalTrain: come here.  It's not the stereotypical Italian restaurant experience, but it is VERY good.
Well I just have to say that we had a great experience. The service was great, and the food as well. The spaghetti carbonara was well done not thick at all very smooth and flavorful. The gnocchi bolognese was very rich and tasty (not ragu kind of sauce). Our kid was treated very well and the place was cozy and clean. A little bit expensive and is not getting 5 stars because I had really good Italian at other places. recommended if you are in the neighborhood and craving Italian!!!
Love this place right on University! Great option of outdoor seating on the sidewalk which I really liked! Went with my husband who is very particular about his Italian food (he is from Italy :)) and we both enjoyed everything we ate! The service was fantastic- very friendly and helpful and we will definitely be coming here often even with our teenage boys who have monster appetites! Just a perfect evening with great food, great service and wonderful atmosphere!
This place is A-OK. Our waitress was really nice and friendly and quick. What I didn't like about the place was that I didn't see much on the menu that caught my attention. Whatever I got was pretty decent. It was kind of dead when I went; I don't know if it was the time of the day. I just think that there could have been more on the menu. And the seating was kind of annoying, and I felt COLD the whole time. I think the interior was kind of old and worn out, like a cafeteria. It's just OK.
Had lunch and drinks here with a few friends on Saturday. Not bad over all. We came in and had to seat ourselves. There was no host/hostess and we were hungry. Didn't really matter though because a good 15 minutes passed before anyone even came up to the table. Surprisingly it was a boy who handed us silverware. Then we got menus and thought should we order pasta? We did! I had ravioli. Yummy. My friend got mac and cheese which is apparently a secret because it wasn't on the menu. The drinks were sub-par. I'm not impressed when 3/4 of the cup is ice and 1/4 is the actual drink. My friend had a metropolitan. She said every sip tasted like a shot. The prices were good though for being in PA, $66 for 4 people with drinks. Would return when craving pasta. No question mark.
Pasta? is kind of strange to me. As it seems society is turning away from traditional dishes and becoming more food-adventurous with ethnic dishes (japanese, chinese, mediterranean, korean, spanish, list goes on and on) and fusion dishes, here is a place that boldly stands out with a name that is simply - PASTA. Something that one can find anywhere and everywhere in downtown scenes. My initial thoughts are - I make pasta at home and I've had pasta at fancy restaurants...why do I want to go to a place like this? With that said, my guess was that the place would have some kind of edge to it, something that's keeping it around. Nope, not really, it kind of reminded me of Macaroni Grill. Ton's of pasta dishes and then a few other meat dishes just to make the menu seem more complete, not necessarily because the chef can cook a mean marsala (which they can't). I got the Penne Norcina. I'm not saying it wasn't good. It was good. But how hard is it to mess up a cream-based pasta with sausage and peas? Really easy to make at home. I'll just head into my Pros and Cons list: PROs: *They have one local beer, which was nice. *The service was nice and attentive. *The food was satisfying. *The prices are fine. *Sizeable wine list CONs: *Nothing special. *The bread they bring out in the beginning sucks. *The marsala the lady ordered was super salty. Killed it. *Left me feeling like there was no reason to go back to try anything else. They seem popular, so more power to them. University Ave is a strange smorgsbord of restaurants and shops...some chains, some super high end stuff, some  random stuff...Pasta looks like someone trying to copy a chain restaurant, but not improve upon it at all and charge slightly higher prices.
My husband and I have been going here for years.  We love it!  My husband speaks Italian and gets to practice with Franco and Francesco as well as some of the other staff.  The true test for us in a pasta place is whether the pasta is truly al dente.  We have yet to be disappointed at Pasta?
go here for a fix of pasta when you are dying for it and the wait at Cheesecake Factory is too long.  Service is slow, patrons are homey, scene is quiet.  based on the two times I've gone, i think it should be an order-at-the-counter and seat-yourself place.
Got take out panini sandwiches here:  meatball, italian sausage w/artichokes, and a prosciutto & fresh mozzarella.  All 3 were pretty good.  The only thing that I wasn't that big of a fan for was their caesar salad.
Am i the only person that actually likes this place? I think its waaay better than Pasta P, AND its affordable! What I really like there, I can't pronounce but its the dish with mussels,clams and toasted bread with the tomato sauce.   They kinda gyp you on the toasted bread...two dinky pieces. so you hafto ask for some more.  And i usually get the bolognese. Its better than most places I've had it.  The servers are alright...it seems like they hate their job though cause they're kinda fake about being nice.  Its cool to hang out with friends or a casual dinner, but nothing romantic..no mushy dates here!!
Meh.  Not that good.  Prices are normal but someplace like macaroni grill is a lot better in my opinion
This on my 'meh' list. A lot of my friends really like this place. I, on the other hand, have never had a great meal here. I always walk away with that full but not really satisfied full feeling. I'm still hoping to really love my meal here, so I will continue to go back when friends suggest it, but it's never one of those places that I am dying to frequent.
Just "Ok" ... the caprese salad was very good however, the bread, pasta ... all left a little to be desired from an Italian restuarant.  Will probably take a "pass" is ever talking about where to eat pasta in the future.
This franchise is cute because of the question mark, but the food is so-so for the price. You get what you expect, and there aren't really any positive surprises that get you to say wow or yum. This Palo Alto store is a little small. The tables are especially small if you sit outside. There's barely enough room for the plate!
Great pasta,  prices,and most of the time good service, I wish they would open one closer to where I live!.
It's a Pasta Pomodoro knockoff.  You know exactly what you're getting.  Decent food at a cheap price.
This place has average food, reasonable prices, and decent atmosphere.  There is nothing really great about it and I found the food to be a little plain/boring.  But hey, you can't mess up pasta that bad.  I prefer sitting at the bar when eating here and the staff is pretty nice.
It was good food & atmosphere but it seemed like we didn't get very good service. It took her awhile to order our drinks & even receive them. Then once we got our food we didn't see our waitress until it was time to get our check. And my big question is: what if we had wanted dessert? Also, it seemed like we were VERY close to the people next to us. There was no "elbow room". We could hear everything that both parties were talking about.
I had the spaghetti pasta with mussels here and it was just ok.  Nothing special and it was actually a bit bland that night.
I used to come here quite a bit a few years back but then they rennovated the place and because of that their food prices went up from the $8-13 range to $11-17. Their pasta has always been decent. Sometimes you come across a few good dishes ( I recomend the Penne Norcina) but for the most part most of their pastas are gross. Their service is good, and the place is pretty nice. The seating is extremely close and if you dont want to hear the people around you talk about their days then bring some earplugs.
This place satisfies my pasta cravings, and it's nice to know that they're consistent with the quality of their food from the time I came here 10 years ago when we lived in PA. Caesar salad was excellent - fresh crispy romaine lettuce with just right amount of dressing. My favorite pasta dish is their spaghetti contadina (pink sauce - a mixture of tomato and cream, perfectly seasoned and not overwhelmingly tomatoey). Fusilli con Salsiccia is also good (less flavorful but nice spicy kick to it). Pasta is done nicely al dente the way I like it with right amount of sauce.  Service was good although maybe a bit slow during lunch crowd but worth the wait.
Had a blast. Waiter was very attentive even on a busy Saturday night. LOVED the bruschetta and even more with mozzarella cheese pieces added. My pasta- Penne Arrabiatta was good but too spicy for me. My hubby had their steak special, which was excellent. Drinks were great (not at all stingy with alcohol) and atmosphere was fun. Will def come back again. Yes, a little pricey but what do you expect for downtown PA?
Give me a break!! Might as well go to Italian Garden. They have this grease ball working in the front seating people. Right off the bat I got a bad vibe from this place. The food is suuuper bland with tomato sauce that looks like V8 tomato juice. Come on... I can get better pasta from the frozen section at the grocery store. This place is a freakin' joke!!
It's a standard Italian place. There pasta isn't bad, they have different sauces to choose from(my favorite is the spicy tomato sauce), and they actually make decent gnocchi. Their prices are good for downtown pa and the food is above average compared to some of the craptastic places around. Some of the appetizers, particularly the portobella mushroom, are above average. Really the only thing I don't like here is the dessert, which can be bad to awful. Avoid the tiramisu in particular.
i have been here twice now and both times i/we have been surprised by how much i love the food. i do not eat meat, but the waitstaff has been great about offering things without. the service is super friendly and not pushy. they bring plenty of grated cheese and pepper too (no pepper on a salad is a big pet peeve of mine). the ruby red martinis we had were perfectly delicious. i get what the others are saying about it being loud inside, but we've sat outside both times (the people watching is fantastic and they have heaters that they are more than happy to turn on for you).
The food's decent and it's really good value, in my opinion. Service is nothing to write home about.
Went there last Sat. with couple of friends. food was good and lucky that we made reservation in advance. the restaurant seems full all the time :P place is small though. if you have a group of more than 4 people, better find another spot. OH, by the way, they only have pasta, NO PIZZA :P
This is where I go when I'm working in PA and I need a drink.  Staff is always friendly and drinks are decent.  Just went by right now to have a big drink to maintain my sanity.  Everything is all better now, thanks Pasta?
I'll admit upfront that I've only been here once, but the food was memorable enough for me to take the time to review this Italian restaurant.  I'm really picky with Italian food and I DO NOT have an affinity for chain restaurants (Olive Garden, Buca di Peppo, Carinos) because their flavors don't stand out.  At Pasta? (I love saying the name of the place too haha), the food has real flavor.  I'm so jealous that the only Pasta? locations are in the Mountain View/PA area, because with their great service, amazing food, and wallet-friendly prices, I'd definitely frequent this place if I had better access to it!
I just went here today with some college classmates get-together and it was my first time eating there. Rating on food 3 stars.  I liked they had some non-meat pasta dish options, but I was less impressed with their quality of food.  I ordered the Pasta Alla Arriabbiata, which was a penne pasta with a spicy tomato sauce.  The sauce was kind of dry and salty, lacking the spiciness, which was the main reason I ordered it in the first place. One thing I liked one the menu was how they labeled the sodas.  I never knew a Roy Rogers was just coke and grenadine aka Cherry Coke lol. Free refills! Rating on service 4 stars because a friend came late and they were nice enough to reheat the plate.  They seemed patient and asked politely if we needed anything.
This was a good restaurant before they started trying to compete with Pasta Pomodoro. There was no bar at that time, and they were serving better dishes than Pomodoro. After they introduced the bar, and also began to expand their franchise to more cities, somehow they lost their charm...
We went to Pasta? last night for the first time.  I had high expectations due to the constant crowds we always see here.   The restaurant started off on the wrong foot, delivering us bland bread and bland olive oil (which, along with the bread plates, was delivered only after we asked).  Our Greek salad was under-impressive.  My pasta dish (something with roasted cauliflower and peas) was tasty and unusual; my wife's dish (pasta primavera) was tasty but was marred by several pieces of rotten broccoli.  Ambience was so-so: I faced the bar and had the large screen tv in sight for the entire meal.  Service was lacking, although the waitress was friendly and helpful when she did show up.
Pasta? is a chain that tries hard to maintain an authentic air (pretty much every server is Italian or at least has the accent), but in the end, it's an American creation and falls a bit flat. But only a bit. Service is always very good, which is a rare enough thing for chain restaurants. The current bartender (I don't know her name yet) is one of the sweetest, most fun-loving women I've ever met. Several other servers are also engaging, and the manager (at least the one I've met) is very friendly and always willing to chat. The food isn't anything special, except for the killer gnocchi, but you can do much worse, and for the money it's just right. The sauces tend to be pretty heavy, and although the portions aren't exactly large, you feel pretty stuffed afterward. It's fine, and borders on authentic, and is furthermore better than most people can cook at home. The Palo Alto location is plagued with being too loud no matter where you sit, which more or less rules it out for serious dates, but is fine for a few friends. The stone bench running along one side is a strange choice and uncomfortable; not egregious, but certainly annoying. Style is important, certainly, but not at the cost of function. In all, it's a decent, and decently priced, faux-Italian restaurant. I highly recommend sitting at the bar, they're the best servers who work there.
This place is AWESOME. The two Italian brothers running the place are the best and the food is good and affordable. I especially love their portobello mushrooms, and the espresso is a must have at the end of every meal .
You would think being in Downtown Palo Alto.. lots of foodies around, that this place would be wonderful. it's not exactly that. it's decent at best. i've had better frozen pasta dinners. overrated and would much rather spend my money on a 5 dollar footlong!
Pasta ? can be a bit noisy sometimes, but that's because everyone seems to be having fun.  The food is really good and affordable.  My favorite is the grilled salmon with roast potatoes and spinach.  Nice fresh salads too. Their pasta is a bit too al dente for me, but the staff is very friendly and even when they are super busy you don't have to wait too long.
A good place in downtown Palo Alto to get a good lunch or dinner. Pastas and salads are excellent. Price is reasonable. They are busy on weekends but well worth the wait. Casual.
Mediocre at best
I really liked Pasta? The prices were reasonable for University Ave. The food was good, not amazing, but definitely pretty good. The service was prompt, attentive, and professional. I would definitely go back.
Scaloppine piccata is simply the best!
My favourite Italian place! It has some excellent food - if you know what to order, good desserts and pleasant service. Parking is easy to find in the evenings, and apart from the odd wait I usually get a table quickly.
I have been eatting at Pasta? since they opened.  The quality has never gone down.  The menu has not varied much over the years - why mess with a good thing.  The specials are really special - not just something to squeeze more profit.  The prices are moderate and the staff has been working there for a long time which tells me that they are treating them right. I am glad to see them continue to do well.
Pasta? has great service.  The services are excellent.  The food is fantastic.  Michael, our waiter, was very nice and polite, and pleasant.  This is the place to go.  Bon Appettite!
I was pleasantly surprised.  Ordered the gnocchi with mushroom cream sauce.  Yum!  Also ordered this pineapple rum drink....really stiff...probably should have called a cab to get home.  Price is a little high...but what do you expect in palo alto?
Ate here last weekend.  My boyfriend and I used to frequently go to the location in Fremont before it turned to Joey Basil's and really liked it.  We would get cravings for the Spicy Sausage dish and go eat there before they changed ownership.  Went to the one in Palo Alto since there is no longer one in Fremont.  The food was decent but nothing to rave about.  Not really "authentic Italian".  My boyfriend and I both got the Spicy Sausage dish again that was good but didn't have much real flavor or zest to it.  It defiantly wasn't spicy.   Wasn't like what I remembered in Fremont. I like that they give you bread with the oils before hand.  I really like the decor, fancy lighting and downtown location.  It is really tight spacing inside though....narrow walkaway and the restaurant itself is small.  You can hear everyone next to you and their whole conversation.  You sit VERY close to other people. I think in the later hours it turns into a nightclub/lounge which I haven't been to but seemed fun.  Pricing is decent and they do have a variety on their menu.  Wont return soon but wouldn't rule it out in the future either.
Eh. Our food came out in 10 minutes -- which is telling. Might as well have been Olive Garden.
I only came here for happy hour. Tasted a coffee martini? and a kamikaze. The bar was pretty empty for a Saturday night, which was good for us, because the bar area wasn't that big and we ordered our drinks right away. I could tell the bartender knew what he was doing. Both the drinks were on spot aka REALLY GOOD, despite the fact that they ran out of types of alcohol like ei. Corona and Malibu.
Sadly, went here again and after waiting a good 10 mins for a table, was preempted in that regard by a 'friend' of the unpleasant gal at the front desk.  Person they gave table to didn't have a reservation, but was clearly a friend of the desk-gal (who I think may be the owner's wife).  This 'friend' whined to the desk-gal as she walked into the crowded place: "oh, are we going to have to wait?"  Literally, while standing right next to me...doh.  She and her husband were seated at the very next table to clear--ahead of my party and one other that was waiting even longer than we were!  Needless to say, we left for a great meal at La Strada across the street.  Won't be back again.  Too bad.
This is an incredibly reasonable place!  I'm a NY Italian.  This is very much Italian home-cooking.... Read more 
I have been going to this restaurant since it first opened.  I love the food, the service, everything!
I love this place! The service is always fast, the food is delicious and the atmosphere is perfect for dates. They have a good wine list, too.
As the Yelp rating says, "I've experienced better."  The food here simply had no taste or personality.  We expected more from a place on University Ave. in Palo Alto.  My wife and I had bruchetta, spaghetti and meatballs, gnocchi, wine and a mixed drink.  These are simple dishes that could have been so much better.  Keep walking by or go across the street to La Strada.
I actually really liked Pasta?.  We did have to wait quite a while to be seated, but it was fairly late for lunch on a Saturday afternoon.  A and I started by splitting the Insalata di Spinaci - spinach salad with Italian bacon, mushrooms, and fresh tomatoes in a warm balsamic vinaigrette dressing.  It was really good!  I, of course, left all the tomatoes on my plate and A left all his bacon.  So we switched plates when we were done and finished off what the other left.  For my entree, I had the Gnocchi Della Casa in pesto sauce.  I love gnocchi and I love pesto.  It was really good.  Sometimes gnocchi is just too doughy, but the consistency was just right.  A ordered the Spaghetti Tarantina.  His looked really good too, so about 3/4 of the way through, we switched plates and finished off the other's dish.  The service was great and the food was even better.  I'm definitely coming back here one of these days.  Definitely!
This is a great value Italian restaurant and the waiters and staff ARE actually Italian. I love their Happy Hour from 3-6 and they brilliantly run it after 9pm for those like myself who wish to have a late night snack at a great price. Their eggplant parmesan is wonderful with thin layered slices of eggplant. I also like their small happy hour portions of pasta and salads. The bar is always lively and fun!
i have been going to this place since 2000 and i can always count on pasta? for an amazing penne arrabiatta. for those of you not familiar with this kind of pasta, it is penne with a spicy tomato sauce. soooo yummy here. a lot of their other pasta is great too, like the one (can't remember the name) but with sausage and roasted red peppers. great atmosphere, they have a pretty new bar addition, which is nice. this is a nice first date kind of place. but LOVE the penne arrabiatta. mmmmm.
Very good. Veal Marsala was excellent.
I came here with a couple friends after we had seen it the day before going to University Cafe. We checked out their menu and decided to give it a try. We each chose from their special lunch menu. $9.99 for lunch and you get to choose a starter (ceasar salad, veggie salad, or soup), a pasta dish from a pretty good selection, and a drink. I got the veggie salad, parmesan penne, and lemonade. The ceasar salad is also very tasty and the parmesan penne comes with a hint of nutmeg. It was a great meal with great friends. We had an excellent time.
Pretty decent food but small portions and expensive. The first time I walked out of an Italian restaurant feeling hungry. Good for Italian food without the California fusion influence.
I'm a big fan of their pasta?  Hadn't had it in years and decided to give it another shot last night.  It's not fancy and probably a little overcooked, but its tasty and quick.  Place is a bit cramped, but I think this place was intended to be fast casual and has just taken off .  Only thing keeping it from 5 stars is that it could have used a little more sauce.  Arrabiata sauce is tasty.
Great lunch specials!! Pasta+soup/salad+drink for 9.95
We just had there an amazing lunch and I am surprised to see all the negative reviews. The food was excellent. I had fettucine al salmone and my husband a steak and we both loved it. They have a great selection of drinks and a happy hour from 3pm-6pm every day!!! The service was pretty good too. Definitely recommended!
I have eaten here 3 times and have always enjoyed this place. Everyone I bring here loves it. I usually get this tasty grilled chicken that is served with the most delicious potatoes. Service is good food is great.
My boyfriend and I usually come here for pasta. I really like the penne con pollo. Food is good, but can't have it every day, once a month is great!
I don't know where some of you people have been eating, but I can't imagine that it's Pasta?; the negative reviews are the antithesis of my experience in almost nine years of eating here. I lived in Italy (Rome and Palermo) for many years, so I think I know Italian food fairly well. Pasta? is probably the best and most authentic southern Italian restaurant I've found in the US. The food is exceptional and, since the waiters are really Italian, the service is typical of a restaurant in Italy (hardly obsequious, but efficient). You may have to signal for attention, but, hey, welcome to the Italian experience! Since I'm a regular and fluent in Italian, maybe I get special treatment, but eating here is like coming home. I favor the Penne Norcina and Caprese salad, the house Sangiovese wine and the excellent bread, although I've never gotten a bad dish. For dessert, the panna cotta is "da morire." The prices are reasonable (compare to Il Fornaio, where the food and much-touted bakery bread are vastly inferior). BTW, it is NOT a chain. There are three restaurants, all owned by Gianni. I think there were four, so one must have closed. My favorite waiter from the PA store is now managing the MV one, so I've transferred allegiance to that one, but they're all "la fine del mondo." The quarters became closer in the PA shop with the addition of more tables when they expanded and added the bar, so wheelchair access might be problematic. Another reason to go to Mountain View, which is more spacious. Authentic, excellent and highly recommended.
I highly recommend Pasta? restaurant. "Ravioli de la Casa" with pink sauce and additional green pepper + onion is the best. I've been eating there for about 4 years now. The service sometimes sucks, as other reviewers have posted. But for casual lunch/dinner for ~$10 bucks (average probably is a little higher) in Palo Alto, it can't get any better. The next-best Italian food can be found at CPK, not at any of the fancy, expensive ones in the PA downtown.
went in a group of ~15.  i think they were going to give up our reservation but we got in later.   the waiters spoke italian (or at least the boss did).  smellable cigarette smoke inside.  had to ask for them to turn on the ventilation system.  food slightly overpriced. gnocchi della casa w/ tomato sauce was very sour
Omg- this is one of the best restaurants in downtown Palo Alto so far.  Not because the food is so amazing, but because this restaurant is consistent, which is more than I can say about a lot of other places, especially ones that are double the price.  I work downtown off of University, and we order out lunch every day.  Because of the regularity of this, we have tried a lot of places.  We have a lot of picky and health-conscious (that's putting it mildly) people in the office that we have to order for, and this is one of the places that we know we can go to at least once a week, and please everyone.  Pasta?  has never let us down.  Their food is simple yet  tasty, fresh, transfers well and they have yet to get our order wrong.  It's ready when they say it is, and that is a novelty.  Their petto di pollo is awesome if you like grilled chicken.  Tomato "salsa" on top w/fresh veggies and roasted potatoes on the side.  Their salmon is equally good- grilled to perfection.  They make really good paninis and salads as well.  Their food is not fancy which is a compliment to them- Pasta? is a refreshing addition to University and I can't wait to go next week. :-)
I went here last night and I had a grilled chicken with veggies and potatos. it was good. I ordered a mojito and it was SO good! I haven't had a good mojito like that in awhile. It was nice for a change. I wouldn't mind going back there for another mojito.
It's been a while since I visited a "carb" restaurant so I was a bit uneasy holding a business meeting at Pasta ?, but it worked out well.  They have a "secundi" menu which is mostly meat and fish.  Decor is decent.  Service, at least our waitress, was very nice.  I also had their "regular" coffee which was strong and bold.
nothing really stands out about pasta? except if you want a moderately priced dinner on university drive, you can't really go wrong here. it was fairly crowded and very loud so my dinner date and i requested a patio table. some nice people watching over dinner-but skip the dessert. i had tiramisu which was poor quality and overwhelmed with chocolate syrup???? although my friend enjoyed the pana cotta.
