Haikus for Olive Garden Palo Alto.... For graduation My friend's parents treated us to Olive Garden! Excellent service For our group of 11 The royal treatment! They served ginger ale! My first choice when it's offered Then on to starters.... Fried mozzarella Bruschetta and stuffed mushrooms Calamari - Yum! Fresh salad and soup Their breadsticks ever-filling No room for dinner?!! Main entrees chosen 2 Chicken Carbonaras! Shrimp Mezzaluna! Hit the spot again Parents brought dessert from home Next time for cheesecake!
I love Italian food and there are not many reasonable priced Italian restaurants in the Palo Alto area. My wife saw an Olive Garden commercial on TV and since neither of us had been the last 20 years we decide to give it another go. We both went for the $9.95 never ending pasta bowl. It was actually $12.90 once we added some meat to our dish. The staff was very nice. We were offered a taste of some very bad wine which we did not order. The breadsticks came and they were like sticks of Wonder Bread. I like Wonder Bread but as breadsticks it's nothing special. Then the salad came. Just a basic salad like you would make at home with oil & vinegar dressing. Finally the pasta came and like the bread sticks and salad it was nothing special. The pasta was a little limp like it had been boiled a little too long and the sauce was almost flavorless. I've found much better sauce in cans at Safeway. The price was fair but the food just wasn't good enough for me to go back. Perhaps in 20 years I might try again.
The most awkward and depressing Olive Garden experience I've ever had. Walked in, smiled, said "hi...table for 2". No hey, no smile. The guy just stared at me like I was a bug and said, "Okay, table for 2, coming right up." Still no smile. So he turns to his colleague and asks her to serve us. Right in front of us she says, "No...I need to go to the bathroom and fix my hair." Awkward. I felt like I was in a McDonald's serving Italian. So the guy walks us to a table and just leaves us there - no "enjoy" or whatever. I've been to the same Olive Garden before and had a server who was so enthusiastic, she used the same lines they play in their commercials ("What's the special occasion today? Birthday?") and smiled like it was glued onto her. Damn, what a fine actress! I look back into the lobby and the rude guy is goofing off with a colleague. I look at the other employees faces, and NONE of them are smiling at anyone. At least our actual server treated us alright. If you're having a bad day, no one expects you to spit out cheesy lines. Maybe a smile is too much, and that's okay. But please, spare the goofy highschooler attitude.
Recently, tried their meal for two $ 25 deal... I would say it's value for money but the food was not as flavourful as it used to be. I have tried Olive Garden food at other locations (like Great Mall) and found them better. Let's start with the good things first: ** This deal was a steal. Soup/Salad+ Breadsticks+ 2 Entree+ 2 Appetizer/1 dessert= $ 25. Go for it! ** Portions are fairly large. You will definitely need a to-go box to take some food home. ** Staff is friendly. ** Lots of seating options inside, private parking lot available outside. The not so good things follow: ** $ 25 deal offers a limited menu to choose from. **Food lacks flavour. Italian food is expected to be abundant in flavours- garlic, oregano, olives, pesto, mushrooms and others. I found the richness in flavour missing. ** Food served was at room temperature. It was'nt as hot as it should be. ** Breadsticks were hard, veggies were'nt as juicy, Bruschetta was super hard. Wondering why am I still giving it a 3 star? Eggplant parmigiana was great and so were the mozzarella sticks. Worth a try!
My family and I like Italian food And we use to eat pasta. Our preference is Alfredo's spaghetti, salad and red wine but that we love the most is the  environmental family we really enjoy our family time. Keep going with your great job
Breadsticks weren't warm and soft like you look forward to at Olive Garden, and the never-ending pasta bowl was soooo not worth it. I shouldn't have been surprised but it was just so disappointing! All the sauces tasted a little off and the meatballs and sausage (for $2.99 extra!) weren't all that great either. Also, after the first bowl of pasta, you just get a small bowl each time and it takes some time to order the next bowl so you get full faster. Not the best bang for your buck. Skip!
Olive garden being Olive garden. Unless you have no option, you come to this place that serve so-so Italian food that have 97% pasta and 3% ingredients.
Great food and great service. My wife & I stopped by for late lunch/early dinner and both thought the chicken Muscato with peaches on pasta with Alfredo sauce sounded really good, and our waitress said that the staff always gets to taste new dishes when they start having them on the menu, and this one was really delicious! And it was! I would have it again! And the portions were pretty big - Katie couldn't finish hers and had to take it home.
First complaint.....no more extra olives in a little bowl...server had no idea what i was talking about.... Second complaint...A large fat man was sitting across from our table..his pants were worn so low that his butt crack was showing...Very disgusting....No class...My wife advised me not to confront this oaf..which i didn't Soup,salad and sticks....meh
I felt like family. Every time I go here, the service is always fantastic! The food is excellent, as well. Great food, for a decent price - now that's value! They also tolerated my dad's not-so-funny jokes and politely laughed, as well. I love going here with family, because there's something for everyone. The atmosphere is excellent as well, and is often brought up in our discussions at the table. Overall, outstanding! Never had a problem here.
I hadn't been here in years because there is always a line, but I had a gift card, so I decided to give it a try.  There was no line, so we were seated right away. Our waitress was really hard to understand, but was trying to be funny- it didn't work. I had one of the soups and was surprised that it actually tasted freshly made, or at least freshly garnished.  The breadsticks had just the right amount of salt, and while fresh, I prefer the bread at Macaroni Grill (about the only thing I like there anymore).  For my entree, I had the stuffed chicken Marsalla, which again was pretty good, and my guest had the shrimp mezzaluna, which was also good (most of the shrimp were correctly cooked). Why two stars?  It was ok, but just worth the price.  We thought their prices were really high for the amount of food you got.  I think it's because they build in the cost of "all you can eat" sides and bread.  For the prices here, one could go to the city and get much better, non-corporate Italian food.  Food of this quality is easy to duplicate at home, so there's no reason to pay more for it by going out. If I ever come hear again, I think I would just do a soup/salad sampler.  Then again, I think I would prefer to go have Mongo instead.
Prior to coming to this location, I haven't stepped into an Olive Garden in years.  Soup, salad and bread sticks aren't too shabby, and I do like how they made additions to the menu. Our server, I think Hector was his name, was awesome.  He was very friendly and accommodating to my friends and I.
Meh, there are better Italian places out there. But let's go ahead and give the Olive Garden a full review anyway. The Palo Alto location is ENORMOUS, with twists and turns and tables located around every which corner. If you get up to go to the bathroom, it is quite easy to get lost looking for your table again! The ambiance isn't bad. It's a simple ambiance, with plants decorating the restaurant and bringing a little life (literally) to it. Wooden tables and chairs are where you're seated, or perhaps some modestly-decorated booths. Before your entree, you get a choice of unlimited soup or salad as well as unlimited breadsticks. The salad and breadsticks aren't bad (although not great either); I haven't really found a soup that is more than just okay, though. Service is usually very busy since there are so many tables and so many patrons in the restaurant. Plenty of time can go by without your breadsticks or salad being refilled. As for the food, Olive Garden just lacks a bit of flavor in almost all of its entrees. When I think of great Italian restaurants, I usually think of dishes bursting with flavors. You just don't get that when you go to chains such as The Olive Garden. That said, I have found one dish that is pretty good: the steak gorgonzola alfredo. It's marinated steak medallions drizzled with a balsamic glaze, and served over a bed of fettuccine alfredo and spinach. Then, gorgonzola crumbles are sprinkled on top of everything. It's an amazing burst of flavors; the balsamic glaze and gorgonzola cheeses are both very flavorful, and complement each other so well. Just excellent! So, if you have to go to Olive Garden, there's at least one dish that I like. But, short of that, it's a rather dull experience.
Not one of the better Olive Gardens I've been to. If you know the standard Olive Gardens experience, you look forward to the salad and breadsticks. On my most recent visit in December, their salad wasn't fresh. I also had Seafoood Portifino, and the seafood was slightly rank (and I've had the dish at other locations). I probably won't be back to this location again until their neverending pasta bowl deal is back on.
So in all of my 29, I mean 42 years, I had never been to an Olive Garden until tonight.  Seems to be a popular place for large families with something to celebrate. Service was actually the best part of the experience.  Our waitress was darling and awesome.  The food was .... meh.  I mean, it wasn't horrible, but how bad can soup, salad and bread sticks be?  I've heard great things about their salad dressing, but I really wasn't that impressed.  Their soup was also just ok and even the bread sticks were salty. What saved the entire experience from being a 2 star would be the zeppole's (think beignets) we had for dessert.  Nice sized order.  Totally delicious and totally worth a return trip just for those. Can't say that I'd do back for dinner, but I'm totally down for dessert!
Amazing tiramisu! Great salad and bread sticks, but I'm unfortunately not a fan of the entrees. The macaroni and cheese is pretty great though. =)
I love the salad & bread sticks here! We actually came just for that : )  Marcos was our server, he was very helpful.
Olive garden SUCKS! My boyfriend and I went here because his mother pawned off her gift card on us, she didn't want to use it (for obvious reasons). We showed up and the first thing we noticed was how aweful the tables and chairs were. I mean seriously, they looked as though they had all been found in the back of an abandoned thrift store. Anyways, we sat down and ordered the breadsticks and the gnocchi chicken soup. Breadsticks were obviously fine, hard to skrew that one up, but the dipping sauce sucked. The soup was STRAIGHT out of a Campbell's cream of chicken can...tasted exactly the same, except for the single gnocchi. I ordered some pasta dish, which was watery, flavorless, grossly overpriced, and sad to look at. My boyfriend ordered a pizza, which was basically a flat piece of bread with sparse, flavorless ingredients on it. The part that pissed us off the most was how expensive everything was!! We woulnt have minded if there had been a touch of nicer ambiance, a little flavor in the food, and not so trashy decor, but we basically paid an unfair amount to sit and suffer. The funniest part was we couldnt eat most of the food, so we got it to go to give to a homeless person on university...when we told him it was Olive garden even he seemed disappointed. Probably happens to him a lot...just proves the point, people would almost rather starve than eat this CRAP-OLA!  Go to a cute little family owned Italian restaurant instead, quit supporting this hellhole.
Apparently, some people call it the "OG"... Been here so many times but the unlimited breadsticks/salad/soup + entree doesn't seem to get old... well, it's all typical flavors and nothing extraordinary, but, always a good experience here... chicken &gnocchi is my favorite soup... so filling so it's kind of gross to get a refill... and for the entrees...they have salmon...but who would pay $19 for salmon + steamed broccoli when you can make the same at home... so their pastas / tortellinis are good,... right, how would they compare to Pasta Pomodoro... well the bread at Pasta is better, sooo addicting, better than the breadsticks at Olive. I don't understand why some people here laugh SO loud it sounds like they're screaming... so annoying.  Come on people... its Olive Garden... ............ The mussels are also good here... huge plateful of mussels... and the shells (in the shape of bonnets) are already cracked and easy access to the meat.  You must like seafood though... because they're really chewy and you don't want to choke... hm how do they compare to oysters, well, if you like mussels you should just order it as your entree.
We always seem to like the IDEA of Olive Garden more than the actual place!!!  We look forward to going, anticipate great food and feeling based on the ads... and always leave disappointed. The wait:  there is ALWAYS a wait (sometimes, a ridiculously long wait), but there are ALWAYS empty tables inside.  What's up with that?  Does the restaurant make you wait for the thrill of anticipation?  Do they not have enough staff? The food:  when I read the menu, I always feel like there's something missing...that what I saw on the TV ad just isn't there.  Always, it seems like we've always just missed the great special and we're too late! The service:  always friendly, but highly variable.  Our last visit, the server was terrible..  long delays, long disappearances, just didn't take care of us.  Other visits, the service has been very attentive. Still, next time we receive an Olive Garden gift certificate, we'll be back.
Everyone knows what Olive Garden is and how it tastes, so it's unnecessary to get into it. This location is right off of El Camino Real. Lots of parking, and 85% of the time, it's practically empty. When I came for lunch on a weekday, there were probably 4 other cars aside from mine. The restaurant itself is pretty large. Plenty of seating, way more than they need. Something tells me that back in the day, this was THE spot. How times have changed. The staff is pretty nice, and service here is fairly quick, in comparison to other chain restaurants in the area (i.e. Chili's). I've been here once in the past 10 years, so I wouldn't say that I crave Olive Garden......but...... The best part? Unlimited garlic breadsticks baby!
Crap, crap, mega crap.  How this can be called Italian food is beyond me. The only decent thing is the bread sticks and salad.  The rest is dog-dooh.  If you want good Italian food, find one that has Italians in the kitchen.
If you haven't been to Olive Garden i'm sure you have still heard many things about it. Overall it's just down right, yummy, comfort italian food. This location in particular however is my favorite because if you go early enough in the afternoon/evening the lines are pretty mellow. If you go to the South SF or Hayward location you might be waiting for over an hour. This location has tons of parking which is really nice as well as an awesome staff.
When I told my BFF a few years ago that I love pasta and my favorite place to have pasta was Olive Garden, I think he's been saving this moment for a long time. (I could be wrong) On my 27th birthday I wanted to have a simple dinner. He said, "why don't you invite friends?" Hesitant because I didn't want anyone to feel obligated to come, I just thought it would be nice to make everyone hang out during off-work hours for once. Since all of our mutual friends we met was part of the nightlife industry. (nightclubs) He attempted to make reservations but I was told that they don't take reservations. We had to wing it and hopefully it wouldn't be a long wait til we get seated. We were told it was a 30 minute wait, but maybe it was the company that I felt it was much shorter than that. During our short wait my BFF, his son and my BFF/mentor (yay!) kept me company at the bar while we all had a drink. Once we were seated, everyone started to show up. (Oops, going way off topic here... ) The waitresses were very nice and patient with us. From seating us, to ordering our meals. They spoke to us with smiles and even joked with us a little bit when we wanted a group picture ("oh wow, wide lens" lol) My BFF and them played it off pretty well when they spoke spanish to each other. Turned out that he must have told them it was my birthday because after the meal they brought out my favorite desert (tirumisu; which I knew this surprise came from my BFF. sneaky bastard lol). Overall, it was a great experience. The hospitality was sweet and pretty and nice and the company was definitely perfect, mature and relaxing. Would I come back here for another wonderful meal? Hell freakin yes!
Love the breadsticks and salad combination.
I'm not really a big fan of Olive Garden. In fact when I went with my family I didn't really expect much from the trek from San Bruno to Palo Alto. It wasn't that bad though! I liked the breadsticks the most. Calamari tasted a little rubbery. The pasta my parents ordered wasn't bad. I also liked the chocolate mouse but you can get that at other places. What sets them off from the rest is the 3 course meal for $12.95. If you've ever in the area and really want italian food I think this would a good place to go. I don't think I'll be going back though.
I ordered the unlimited soup and salad for lunch with the chicken and gnocchi soup first.  The soup came with no chicken or gnocchi.  It was just watery cream based broth.  Tasted fine when I dipped the fresh garlicky bread sticks in, but I was still disappointed. Next soup I ordered was the minestrone.  Again, it was a watery mess.  I normally rave about the Olive Garden Minestrone. I have no complaints about the salad.  The dressing is delicious! Service was slow (we came on lunch break and the place was dead) and I had to flag them down to bring the check and again to pick up my credit card. I'd return to Olive Garden...just not this one.
Olive Garden is Olive Garden. I never thought we were chain restaurant people, but recently we decided to just embrace the reality. I like Islands. Chili's is pretty good. Olive Garden is good times. Is it fine dining? No! But does it hit the spot when you're craving fettucini alfredo? (something no self-respecting actually Italian restaurant would ever serve...) So all that being said, this particular Olive Garden does indeed suffer from a server attitude problem. I have never had a server huff at being asked to grate more parmesan on the salad. What's it to you, server? Do they charge you personally for every ounce of parmesan you use? He apparently didn't heed his mother's warning about not making faces since his face was frozen into a constipated look of distaste. Very un-Olive Garden. The food was mediocre. Not the best I've had at an Olive Garden, but that's the joy of chains... it's always within a particular range. My husband had the gorgonzola steak alfredo and enjoyed it. It wasn't spectacular, but it was good. So when you're craving that embarrassing bowl of fettucini alfredo, or poofy garlic bread, or shamelessly simple iceberg lettuce salad with simple italian dressing (and yes, some of us crave these things), I say do it! Just take your sense of humor with you and resign yourself to the reality that server earned exactly 14%.
We don't have Olive Garden in Hawaii so I was so excited when I got a chance to go to the Olive Garden.  I've seen all the commercials on TV and it made my mouth watered!  Well to get to the point here, it wasn't as great as I thought.  My Olive Garden experience was below my expectations.  The wait was so long.  We went in during dinner time but it was on a weekday so we didn't think it would take that long.  So we put our names in and then 20 minutes later we asked the host how much longer will our wait be.  Then she looked at us and said that she was sorry because she forgot to put our names down on the wait list.  If we never asked her about the wait, then she would have never noticed that we weren't on the wait list.  I'm not going to lie, that really pissed me off.  Well enough about that lets talk about the food. The bread was just okay.  However, the soup was delicious!  In the commercial they showed all the pasta with jumbo shrimp and huge portions of seafood.  The sad thing was when I got my calm pasta I was in shocked by how small the calm was.  I know I shouldn't expect anything enormous because this isn't an up-scaled restaurant but I was still expecting something better than a tiny calm.  The pasta sauce was alright, but the pasta was so soggy and disgusting.  My pasta was also not hot when the waitress brought it out.  I don't think I got my money's worth here. As for the service our waitress was very nice.  She gave us complimentary wine.  The waitress often checked up on us to see if we were okay.  In conclusion, I give this place two stars.  The service in the beginning was disappointing, the food was okay,  and the service during our dinner was great.  I'm not sure if I'll come back, but if I do it wouldn't be very often at all.
Fareal?? I'm like the biggest OG fan ever. I would seriously consider getting their logo tattooed onto my temple of which other call "a body" if they would give me free food for a lifetime because of it. Or at least a 50% discount. (HA!) With that being said, OG is a chain and is usually pretty damn consistent with their food and their service. Which I will say, is one of the reasons why I love going there. (Usually) no surprises, I know what I'm gonna get, and I know I'm gonna like it. I've been to like 2815812591289249940 OGs around California and this one has by far the CRAPPIEST service and worst food of them all. How the hell you gone go eff up zuppa toscana soup?!? It's like unmessupable (yeah that's a word..). The spaghetti is WAY over cooked, more than how I usually like it, and I usually like my shizz COOKED!! And my poor friend only wanted the soup and salad for lunch, the freakin server FORGOT ABOUT HER FOR 30 MINUTES!! She sat with an empty bowl for DAYS. I had to hunt his ass down in order for her to order another bowl of soup!! Tisk tisk, shame on you OG, SHAME ON YOU!!
Love the size, but the wait can be annoying. The pasta isn't the best here, but the breadsticks are AMAZING. I literally come here JUST for the breadsticks! Love them. The minestrone soup is pretty good too, and its truly delicious when you dip a breadstick into the minestrone broth. The beans in the minestrone are AMAZING. One of the best Olive Garden's I've been to.
Visited again with some friends recently. Somehow, the service was way off the mark. The section we were seated in was an Indians only section with babies crying and throwing stuff on the floor.  I think it was intentional, btw I am of India descent so not a hater. But they should not seat people based on their color at this day and age. Will be back for some more Chicken Carbonara hoping for a better experience.
This is the only Olive Garden I have been to. As usual we had to wait for 15 minutes before we were... Read more 
Same as pretty much every other olive garden. Came for soup, salad n breadsticks. Left full. Good service, no wait, even at lunch time. FYI the paninis for lunch also come with soup, salad & breadsticks. It's a lot of food!
I went to lunch with an old co worker here the other day. Food was good. Service was ok, seemed like waitress was put out because we only got water to drink(i don't drink soda's and watch my sugar intake). Ill probably won't go back since I like other Italian places more.
I've come here a few times with friends and co-workers.  The staff is a hit or miss ranging from super friendly to creepy weird uncle that you never want to go to his house. I almost always order the unlimited soup, salad and breadsticks. This latest time I was here, I was meeting a friend and she was running a little late.  So I informed the host that I was expecting a friend and could they show her to the table when she came in.  Host was agreeable, however, the table was around the corner in the back by the restrooms.  Friend said when she asked where the table was they gestured vaguely and said, "in the back"  My friend wandered around till she found me, but not after some weird looks from other patrons. Food is decently priced, but you've been to one Olive Garden, you've been to 'em all.
You know, this is gonna sound really stupid - but this was a fancy-ass Olive Garden... by Olive Garden's standards. From my chair being pulled out for me, to the staff being very well versed in their wine - it was impressive! It was a little weird, but when I asked the waitress where the restroom was, instead of just telling me, she walked me to it and then opened the door to it for me... a little uncomfortable, but damn - talk about going out of your way for service! haha! You come to expect very little from a dining experience at the Olive Garden, but this one proved that stereotype wrong. There is a large parking lot, but be aware that there is usually a wait for a table. Even just going in for lunch in an off-peak time it was a 10-15 minute wait and driving by for the dinner hours there are ALWAYS people waiting in groups outside. The food tasted good and they timed the courses well so we did not feel rushed by any means to finish each course. Overall, I was actually impressed with this particular Olive Garden!
We used to have Olive Gardens in Ontario, Canada, and it used to be one of my family's favorite places to eat.  We never understood why they went out of business up there, as they were always busy!  This place was no exception.  It was tough to find parking, and the very large restaurant was near full.  I can't understand why. Maybe it's just me, and as I've grown, the food I liked when I was 12 is no longer satisfying to the pallet of a 34 year old. The service was good.  Staff were friendly, efficient and quick. The food was not good at all.  It tasted cheap and processed.  My portobello ravioli was rubber, salty and generally underwhelming.  To be honest, if I had bought it in a box in the freezer section at the grocery store, I may have been impressed, but not at a restaurant.  My husband had some baked pasta with beef, which was equally disappointing. The salad...well, I don't actually think I've eaten a salad made from iceberg lettuce since I became an adult, so there's not much to say there.  The lettuce simply acts as a vehicle for the "not as great as I remembered" dressing. The breadsticks...ahh, the breadsticks.  Formerly the piece de resistance of an Olive Garden meal, these white bread tubes lacked flavor (unless you count "salty" as a flavor) and tasted stale. We won't be back.  I said to my husband it was like revisiting a childhood memory, only to be sorely disappointed.  Good thing we live in a phenomenal area where there is no lack of amazing places to eat.
To be honest, it is not a place you can find fancy italian food. For the price it asks, the food they offer is pretty good and with variety. My only complain might be that they are always so crowed... The bread-stick is good when it is hot. And it is nice of them to provide salad/soup with the entree. The service there is great. Last time we got free desert to compensate the long waiting for our entrees!
My family and I have been going here quite a few years and have always had a good to great experience, service wise, food wise, cleanliness wise. Only once have we had a problem with a dish being overcooked. we brought it to the waitresses' attention and quickly and politely got a full replacement. The food is tasty and the presentation great. We enjoy the salad and bread sticks. We have tried local private owned Italian restaurants and the taste has fallen short. One place had the horrible audacity to serve my young daughter a half rotten salad and the waiter ignored it completely. Have never had this type of experience at Olive Garden.
Olive Garden isn't my favorite restuarant, and it sure isn't authentic Italian. But there's something comforting about it, and with unlimited salad and breadsticks, you really can't go wrong. It was late on a freezing cold Saturday night in February (you know, during that almost record-breaking cold snap!) and we wanted Italian. First we went to Pasta Pomodoro in Sunnyvale. It was loud, crowded and had TVs on and was not the kind of atmosphere we were after. I don't have one of them newfangled internet phones, so I couldn't get on Yelp to see where to eat. What were we going to do!? We've been to this Olive Garden many times before and know that the service is good and the food is the same as all the other OGs we've been to. We always drive down El Camino Real because I can never remember the freeway exit! (I really need to write it down one of these days). So after what seemed like hours, we arrived and being that it was well after 9, we got that quiet, date-night atmosphere. It was nice because there wasn't a wait for a table, either. We got seated in the back, next to a lady who was hacking up a lung. Being a well-known germophobe, I almost moved. Instead I just covered my face and drink until she finally left. If you're that sick, don't freaking go out! Stay home and eat your chicken soup because I don't want your germs. Anyway, I ordered a sour apple martini. It was meh. I don't know if they just go easy on the alcohol at places like this, or if it's just that no one else makes drinks to the strength I like (at least 50-50 ratio of vodka). Oh well. The food was good. I was sad that the manicotti was off the menu now so I got some other equally fattening cheese-filled pasta entree. And to load up on the calories even more, I got the creamy tomato-cheese cream sauce. Yum! So I'll probably come back here again the next time I'm in town if I still can't find a good, authentic Italian place.
Don't hate, I know this is a chain and I know how Yelpers usually are about chains but check it... I rolled up with a friend during the lunch rush and we got a table at the bar instantly. Sitting at the bar we had stellar service. The bartender took our orders and was even creative with the pricing so we got the best deal for the $. Nothing fancy, we had a few apps plus soup and salad for a decent price. Service was efficient without making us feel rushed. In and out in like 30 mins. Easy peasy. I have to admit, I don't get to Olive Garden often so it was actually a treat for me. The one closest to me is like 25mins away and always a 1.5hr wait. So I was pretty siked to get some breadsticks :) I'd def come back for a  quick lunch. They treated me right.
It's been many many years since I ate at Olive Garden and they've really improved their game.  I met up with a group for dinner and really enjoyed my meal; I had the Shrimp Carbonara (yumm).  Our server was great and I felt comfortable and relaxed.  When I first saw the menu I was shocked at how the prices had risen along with the level of food, but that's okay.  The breadsticks (aka crack) are so good that I woofed down two along with the salad (so so as they use iceberg - blech); great entree. Also, the place was PACKED solid so I give a lot of credit to the servers for keeping things moving. :)
So for $17, I get a Caeser salad, bread sticks, and an entree consisting of a small plate of noodles drenched in creamy garlic alfredo sauce and a few tiny shrimp here and there? You get a lot of food overall with the salad and bread sticks, but the value is not there to me. The food is not good enough for to me drop $30 (tax and tip included) for a mediocre entree and a glass of wine. I'd rather go with my Palo Alto soccer team to the Nut House and get food and (lots of) booze for $30.
I gave 1 star for making us feel important 1 star for bottomless soup, salad, and breadsticks 1 more star for pushing us to order some wine.  I asked them if it's possible to sample all the wines without a fee and she smiled and said yes.  *something to remember* 1+1+1= 3 stars. Where's the other two? I just didn't like the food.  Compared to Pasta Pomdoro, I rather order PP than OG.  I ordered the Shrimp Scampi and it was very very soupy.  I counted the shrimp . 1 2 3 4 5! 5 shrimps to make it a Shrimp Scampi dish. Wow that can get someone really stuffed.  5 little shrimps. =/  For what I paid for, I think its not worth it.  It was my first time there btw.  The service was excellent though.  I felt the love.  Gave them a big tip.  They boxed our leftovers with their shopping bag.  Nice touch.  All in all, this restaurant is really good, besides the food.
I have to say gotta love the breadsticks and the house salad they provide with the meal but they do offer either salad or soup but I always prefer the salad. During evening hours the place can get really pack and wait times can be up to more than an hour long and parking is tight but other than that its a great place and the atmosphere is quiet and pleasant.
2.5 stars How embarrassing. I am actually doing a review on the Olive Garden. I know, I know. I haven't been to an Olive Garden since my high school days. And here I am, a grown civil woman, eating lunch here with other grown civil people. My dear friend and co-worker, Chris, invited me and hence the story begins. The parking lot was packed. OMG. There was actually a wait list too. OMG. Ordered the following: - appetizers of stuffed mushrooms, ravioli, and chicken strips for the table - peach sangria which was sweet and refreshing - tuscan soup which was too creamy and potatoey for my personal taste - ravioli portabello Surprisingly, the ravioli portabello was decent. Don't laugh, but it was! The service wasn't shabby either. They refilled the drinks and asked us what we wanted every 15 minutes or so. So all in all, a good experience. But would I return? Hmmm . . .are you buying? I'll think about it.
I think of this place as the Chevy's or Chili's of Italian food. You'll get something edible but it's not fine dining by any means. The wait was pretty severe for 6pm, even though it was a Saturday. B and I managed to solve this dilemma by eating at the bar. Our bartender/server was super nice and everything came out quickly but I wasn't blown away with what we got. B ordered the chicken and steak skewers and I had the stuffed chicken marsala. For a $50.00 meal I was kind of disappointed. My "stuffed" chicken was two mashed chicken breasts slapped on top of each other with some cheese in between. B's plate looked good but it's nothing that I couldn't have made better at home. I'd much rather go to a place like Osteria for Italian food at this price...
Game plan: 1. Walk in, get seated, order something trivial without looking at the menu. 2. Await the bread sticks and salad (endless, endless salad) and snarf it down. 3. Get a refill immediately, and whip out the Tupperware you cleverly stashed in your purse/satchel/man purse and shovel it all in there. 4. Leave a five dollar tip and a note scribbled on a coaster saying you had an emergency and had to get out. 5. Get the hell out of there. The bread and salad get five stars, while remainder of the menu gets one. Worst pasta I've ever eaten (in fact, I had about three bites before giving up).
Ohhh Olive Garden...you've disappointed me so :-( . This place used to have great service & decent food.  Now...not so much.   This last visit was not good.  I ordered their baked Ziti, my friend ordered the Shrimp Primavera. We started off fine with our beverages & salad although the bread brought out to us was cold.  No biggie but hot, fresh bread would've been appreciated.  Moving on...  Our order arrives & our waiter is using a towel stating our plates were really hot & to be careful. What a joke. My friends shrimp pasta was warm but not hot & he could touch the plate fine.  He also noticed that while the price of the dish stayed the same, the amount & size of the shrimp got smaller.  He wasn't pleased.  The cheese on my Ziti was barely melted & looked clumpy.  I picked it off & put it to the side of my plate & figured...hell, I don't need so much cheese...I'll just eat the pasta.  The pasta was lukewarm.  The waiter acted like it just came out of the oven...it didn't.  It was probably thrown in there for not even a minute. Our waiter comes to check on us & asks if everything is OK.  I say no & tell him about the warmth of our food.  My friend says he'll eat his but mine was like Chef Boyardee so I asked for the portabello mushroom ravioli instead.........20 minutes goes by...............no ravioli.  Now, the restaurant is not crowded by any means so I ask what's up.  He says that it's coming out right now.  OK.  He comes back a few minutes later  & says he's sorry & that they're making it right now.  So which is it???  Having to wait that long while the restaurant isn't busy is ridiculous.  He said he'd send the manager over.  He comes over & brings out my dish.  I stated I just wanted it taken off my bill & to get me the bill soon so that we could leave. He felt bad & comped our meals.  While I'm glad we didn't have to pay...I left hungry!!!!  Not good.  We won't be returning. 2 stars for their peach bellini iced tea.
Sometimes my inner suburban takes over my city-ness and smacks it hard.  It screams out to eat some comfort chain food.  Normally I'd be able to avoid it...but today...today was field trip day to Fry's to trick out the new computer. So while we were down here we decided to go eat Olive Garden. Now don't get me wrong...Olive Garden has some decent food. Decent food at decent prices and all the salad and soup you can eat. And service is usually decent as well. Tonight however things...well...service was horrible. We were seated at our table. A server went by. Another server went by. 3rd server went by. A group of 4 were seated at the next table over. First server walked passed us and went to the table of 4. Another server walked passed us. This went on for about 15 minutes. WTF!!!! So we got up and left but decided to talk to the manager first. The manager, Jacob, was very apologetic and offered to pay for our dinner if we'd give them another chance to serve us.  We said we really didn't care about getting a free meal and that we just wanted to be acknowledged.  We agreed to stay (if he could seat us in a different area) and Margarita and Stu were great and attentive servers.  Overall the rest of the dinner went smoothly and I got enough leftovers for lunch tomorrow.  Jacob even gave us a gift card so we can come back again. Hopefully our service will be better the next time we go.
They get 3.5 stars. Expect a 30-40 minute wait for dinner at any Olive Garden. What's not to like with their unlimited soup, salad, and breadsticks?! OH, I love their salad. When I find something I like, I usually stick to it. One of my favorites entrees is the spaghetti with meat sauce. Yes, I know I can make it at home, but it's my comfort food and the taste is just right. This time, I ordered eggplant parmigiana which comes with a side of spaghetti. The description said 'lightly breaded', but it tasted like a thick layer of breaded crust. The side of spaghetti came with marinara sauce, which was over-seasoned with pepper. Next time, I will stick to my usual order. Don't expect great service here since this place is always packed.  Great place for groups and families.
Doesn't look that fancy inside.. looks sooo country-style. But the food is good.  Complimentary garlic breadsticks and soup!! Can choose from 4 different kinds! If you're 21+, they offer a sample of their white wine... I'm not so big on white wine.. Plus, I forgot to bring my ID anyway, so like that helped any. The food was good, came with a few friends, but I felt so fat at the end of the day. Long wait, depending when you go and all that.. for us, we had to wait about 20-25 minutes... We didn't get any refills for the breadsticks... Those are my favorite too... The soup was sooo filling... tasted alright though. Price: hm... maybe about $14-20.. so a bit pricey for some. Atmosphere: Oh my gosh... Is this Hometown Buffet?
Honestly, Olive Garden is a good fix once in awhile. Who doesn't like unlimited refills on garden salad or soup or drinks? My friends and I went on a Sunday night and it was PACKED at this HUGE restaurant! We had to wait, and the hosts were irritated but the service was still good. Once we were seated, the waiter came quickly and took our orders ... but there was a missing setting. I know the garden salad isn't fancy or unique. It's rather boring and anyone at home can make it. My friend informed me that they sell the salad dressing in jugs! Unlimited, fresh veggies, the waiter gave us extra crotons, what more can you ask for? DELICIOUS SPAGHETTI IN MEAT SAUCE! With fresh shredded Parmesan cheese mmm mmm mmm. There was no pool of pasta water in the plate. The sauce was not runny or way too thick. Perfecto! However, my friends said their chicken was WAY too salty. thumbs up: service, simple Italian dishes you can't go wrong with, and you can customize them if you'd like (no sun dried tomatoes, no spinach, instead of fettuccine, spaghetti, and add diced tomatoes). thumbs down: always a wait, LOUD atmosphere.
I was glad to see a sign on the front door notifying the customers that the establishment was under new ownership. I think there should have been a sign on the door that said " If your Hispanic (or look Hispanic) expect to get shitty service!" I am not going to go into full details but here is a list of things to expect. - You will get waters only even after you request drinks - Second request for drinks will lead to waiter back talk and still no drinks - Salad and Bread sticks are requested every time they run out, even if you are a group of 6 you will get half a bowl. - If you have small children, no coloring book given - Waiter will not be around unless you ask other waiters for him - Heater and AC will be turned on & off during your meal (they sat us under a vent) - Waiter will want to charge you for the FREE Birthday dessert - Before you are even done, your waiter will return with boxes, grab your plate off the table as you are in mid bite and begin to put your food away. WTF? - After all this, if you don't tip him well. He will ask you about 4 times as you proceed to exit the restaurant if you want your change back. Just make sure you get the waiter who is not tall, dark and not handsome. I think his name is Manuel. He will make your experience a horrible one. I have no plans on returning to this or any Olive Garden!
Wow, I should have checked  Yelp rating before heading there. The food was pretty good and the Toscata Soup was Excellent.  But boy the service was terrible. To be fair, we were there with a large group (30+) for a farewell party for Saturday lunch.  And about half that number were young kids.  But the place was not really that crowded either... maybe half full.  But what got me was not so much that we had to ask 4, 5 times for bread, or that it took 30 minutes and 3, 4 times asking different servers to get the crushed red peppers, or even that it took 45 minutes + several requests to get any refills.  When we complained to the manager, he basically gave us an attitude that our party was too big.  Our friend had to threaten to walk out to get him to even care.  Just give us reasonable service.  If the manager doesn't care, then who does! I say avoid... it ruined the mood for a lot of people.
The government, in all its wisdom has decided to subsidize grains like wheat and corn in farming bills but not fruits or vegetables.  That means that about the cheapest calories one can buy in this country are empty calories in the form of high fructose corn syrup or white flour.  The Olive Garden is committed to serving the cheapest calories possible and hoping you will mistake quantity for quality. Thus, you will find a bounty of white flour on the menu here but woe be to those who look for vegetables or fruit: they are not to be found.  They start you out with a basket of breadsticks which are literally white flour, salt, and nothing else.  They don't even give you a sauce to dip them in for Pete's sake.  (That costs extra).  The main dishes all feature white flour pasta with tomato sauce, some sort of meat, and that's about it. They do serve a lot of salad which is primarily iceberg lettuce (again, wouldn't want to get any nutrition in there).  There are several different types of soup as well, of which you can get endless bowls.  Overall the dishes I tried were light on flavor; I highly recommend the dried chili peppers to add some spice to anything you order. The service was friendly enough and the place is clean.  It's a good place for groups as they have plenty of space and can move tables together.  If you're looking to host a big party this would be an adequate choice.  if you're interested in good food you'd best avoid this restaurant.
I decided to go to this place after class with my bf. It's mediocre in my opinion. The service was really good (maybe too good?). We came early and were seated right away. Everyone was really nice; 2 managers came out at different times to greet us to make sure everything was okay. Food was not that great. I ordered the shrimp caprese and my friend ordered the spaghetti. The shrimp caprese started out okay, but it got oily and salty pretty quickly. On the other hand, my friend's plate was extremely bland. There was not enough sauce or flavor. Am I supposed to mix the two together? There were plenty of salad and bread sticks, which wasn't great but was good enough for me. Our waiter, Mike, was considerate and brought me a whole cup of Sprite when I was only halfway through with the first one. I wish he would have asked me if I wanted more because I didn't want another cup, and it ended up going to waste :( My overall experience was okay. Service was really good, and food was barely okay. The bill came out to be 32 dollars before tip for 2 pasta plates and 2 sodas. I probably won't be back because it would just be for the service and not the food.
As a person of Italian heritage, the whole notion of the Olive Garden offends me. It's just not authentic in any way. The way I feel about the Olive Garden is how I imagine Chinese people feel about PF Chang's, or how Mexican people feel about Taco Bell. Nevertheless, I can't complain about service or price. I also don't think the food is inedible; I just think it's sad that they are fooling people into thinking it's real Italian. (Or maybe they aren't, and my whole tirade is a moot point.)
Disclosure: I hate chain restaurants, and not a huge fan of "Italian food", and detest small children, so my review may be a bit biased. OK, so for some reason my parents love this place, so often times when I was a teenager and still living at home we would frequent this place against my will and good judgment. Every time I've come here the waiting area is packed....full of screaming children, of course (which makes it SO much better).  I'm not sure why the hell this place is always full - its NOT that good!!  Reading the menu, I always think something sounds delicious until I take the first bite, and everything; the shrimp, the veggies, the sauce - tastes like its been frozen and de - thawed. This is supposed to be a decent middle class eatery, is it not?  Who wants to pay $15 for something that was frozen?  I get that chains have to uphold standards and consistency (which is why I hate them, not to mention the horrendous number of calories in each dish), but I'm sorry, don't compromise standards and taste for consistency. The things I DO like about Olive Garden, however, are the bread sticks, minestrone soup, and endless salad.  That combo right there is deeeeeelish.  Be careful not to down too many of those scrumptious bread stick though, because they'll set you back like 150 calories a pop, and they're so freakin good that its hard not to have 3 or 4 of them sometimes.  The minestrone is awesome - its the only thing i'll get at OG anymore (if I have to step foot in one), and its only got something like 100 cals a bowl. yay!! One last thing (my apologies for the negativity), - has anyone else noticed that the decor is super tacky in here?  Maybe I wouldnt think it was so obscenely tacky if they didnt promote that whole comfy family thing.   Honestly it feels more like an old folks home dining room than a cushy restaurant.  Olive Garden needs more class and better food.  Enough said.
Went on a Monday at 12 noon and was seated promptly, thought I would have to wait since the parking lot was full.  The waiter was attentive and asked if we were in a hurry which we were, so he got us our food quickly.  The place is really loud with lunch conversation. I ordered the all you can eat, soup, salad and breadsticks.  I enjoyed the potato soup and the minestrone the most.  The potato soup was watery but flavorful.  The salad was a little disappointing with iceburg lettuce but did have onions, olives, tomatoes, croutons and peppercinis.  Do enjoy the breadsticks. Spaghetti and meat sauce was pricey  and tasted mediocre for $10 and  the lemon cake was $7 but that cake was so good.   The all you can eat was $8.  Total bill with two drinks, around $30.  Just so so food except for the dessert which was excellent.
With all the awesome restaurants in downtown PA and in the surrounding area, it shocked me when I came here on a weekend night with my friend.  6pm and there was a 40 minute wait!  Had to pinch myself to make sure that I was still in the real world. Once I sat down, I wanted to get their Never-Ending Pasta Bowl.  $8.95 for a pasta and a sauce, and unlimited soup/salad and breadsticks.  Cheap eats technically.  I tried the whole wheat linguini(the only whole wheat pasta they had) and the marinara sauce.  The sauce seemed to be too sweet for marinara...no flavor or character to it, despite my efforts to salt and pepper it to death to offset the sweetness. A few funny incidents during our meal.  Since the restaurant was packed and I'm sure many were lounging around eating bowl after bowl of pasta, never leaving, servers were all over the place refilling and reordering pasta for each table.  One server was placing water on a table when another server bumped him and splashed water on the carpeted floor.  I got splashed on my feet but luckily was wearing sandals and shorts.  The restaurant manager comped my drinks and the total bill for me at the end of the night was $23 including tip. I truly believe that Macaroni Grill is a shade above this place in terms of quality.  Olive Garden now resembles the Denny's of Italian restaurants....you won't leave hungry but you won't leave satisfied either.
Our service person was really nice, attentive and wonderful.  She was the best thing about the place. This Olive Garden is located on a very busy and tricky access point on El Camino near Page Mill Road.  Getting in and out of there takes patience --- especially at lunch time during the work day. It is your standard Olive Garden, nothing special.  In fact, I only visited the place because my lunch date wanted to go. If you visit on your own accord or to make someone else happy, I suggest you order the Venetian Apricot Chicken --- Grilled chicken breast in an apricot citrus sauce. Served with broccoli, asparagus and diced tomatoes.  Deelish and much healthier than the creamy options on the menu.
Go to the Olive Garden if: 1. you are too lazy to microwave a Stouffers frozen TV dinner 2. are STARVING and NEED all you can eat bread sticks/salad 3. are over the age of 65 4. want to feel like you are somewhere in the Midwest Basically I wouldn't even consider Olive Garden "Italian" food, the quality is not good...you definitely get what you pay for. The bread sticks and salad are actually really good, but everything else is fattening, tasteless and not worth it. The servers are usually very awkward too!
Pros: You know what to expect. Cons: .Bland food. .Servers that toss your coasters and bread plates so they slide several inches on the plate in front of you. Not good when you're with your grandparents. Apparently they don't know that they don't work at a sports/dive bar. .I asked two people for crushed pepper to put on my pizza and never received it. .My mother's and grandmother's fettuccine alfredos were so bland that they complained and they comp'ed the two meals. .Even given this, the bill was still more than it was worth. We were celebrating my grandpa's NINETY-THIRD birthday here. An old stubborn man (also very sweet & charismatic) who is a proponent of this establishment didn't even like it.... He says he's not going back for a long time.
We both know it's a chain. We know it's not real Italian food. We know the waiter doesn't aspire to be a sommelier. I only order one thing here: soup, salad, and breadsticks with water--and I have to say it's good, quick, and cheap. Sometimes they get backed up, but if you're in a hurry, sit at the bar--absolutely no waiting. The salad is crisp and the dressing tangy. I like the added olives, onions, and pepperonchinis. The bread could use some rustic-ness but it's warm and sops up the minestrone like a champ. My meal is under $10. I get a cloth napkin. Plus, there's time left on my lunch hour to nap on a grassy knoll at Wallis Park.
i was surprised that they let me into this location because it seemed like I was at the Sizzler instead (there were many old people there).  They initially told my parents and me that it was going to take 20-25 mins. to sit.  We sat in about 7. We already had our orders ready during our wait and ordered the sample appetizer, the mixed grill, the Tour of Italy, and the Shrimp Primavera. The best bet is picking it with a garden salad because that salad bowl is huge and has the most value. For samplers, calamari and stuffed mushroom and good, but as my mom quoted, "the ravioli was worse than dumplings'. Mixed Grill sucks.  The meat is all burnt and is really hard to chew.  The Tour of Italy is not bad, the lasagna and chicken are great, but I could not even touch my fettucine alfredo.  I would have rather had my roommate's pasta than that one.  The Shrimp Primavera looked like the winner, as there were plenty of shrimp, and definitely looked like something from Red Lobster.
Deeeeelicious authentic Italian food!  Reminds me of back when I was backpacking through Tuscany....mmmmhhuuaa! just kidding...I hope I didn't piss off too many foodies. The Olive Garden, or the "O-G" as I like to call it, is dependable.  The never ending breadsticks were good (but not as good as the ones from Little Caesars - plus you had to pay for dipping sauce).  The never ending salad was never endingly crispy. AATTRAAAUUU!!!!!!!!
Reasonable chain-restaurant Italian food, with the zuppa toscana and breadsticks pushing it up into the four-star bracket for me.  If I'm in the mood for both comfort food and Italian, this is the place to go. The chain has required marketing tactics for pushing wine on guests, but the waitstaff don't push it if you just smile and say "no thank you" as soon as they launch into the spiel.
I'm not a big fan of the OG. There are so many other Italian restaurants so why did we decide to go here? We were starving and was craving pasta and the wait here was pretty short being that I'm used to seeing long waits at the OG. (Why? Don't ask me.) Our waiter was pretty good. He even talked me into ordering wine there. Food was decent; not great but decent. Walked out feeling pretty satisfied from dinner.
I love this place! Especially when I'm in the mood for cheap Italian food. I know, I know, it's OLIVE GARDEN, but come on, this place is just fun to go to. I like getting refills of the salad and soups. The following soups are really good. Be careful, they can fill you up quickly. Pasta e Fagioli White and red beans, ground beef, tomatoes and pasta in a savory broth. Zuppa Toscana Spicy sausage, russet potatoes and cavolo greens in a creamy broth. Can't beat the salad refills: Garden-Fresh Salad Following entrees I've tried: Steak Gorgonzola-Alfredo Tour of Italy Chicken Parmigiana Lasagna Classico (A bit too mushy for my taste. I am an al dente girl) Skip the "Sangrias;" they all just taste like juice. Don't come here expecting 5-star authentic Italian food and you won't be disappointed. This is the good ole' cheap AMERICAN Italian place. Just like what Yi S. said, just another guilty pleasure.
In a town where there are some pretty decent Italian restaurants, this big chain doesn't fare so well.  The prices on their entrees are only slightly cheaper (maybe 3-5 dollars) than the "real" Italian restaurants, and their desserts are approximately the same price. There are only three advantages I can see to eating at the Olive Garden: 1) It's Friday night and every other restaurant is packed (The Olive Garden has a lot of seats.  Even so, I *have* had 20 minutes waits here.) 2) Endless breadsticks 3) You have to buy lots of Italian food for a party.  Then the 3-5 dollar difference per entree really starts to add up.
Standard Italian restaurant chain food, but pretty good for what you get.  The unlimited iceberg salad is good--the lettuce is fresh, and it comes with croutons, black olives, tomatoes, and red cabbage (I don't get the red onions or pepperoncinis).  Ask for the dressing on the side if you don't want it soggy.  The unlimited part actually does help me eat more salad than I normally would.  The breadsticks are also pretty tasty--soft, warm, garlic-salt-buttery goodness.  I can usually only eat one and half breadsticks. I tried a new dish for the first time: Chicken Gnocchi.  It was pretty good gnocchi for a chain restaurant!  I was pleasantly surprised by it.  Soft, flavorful, and almost melted in my mouth. The service was great at the beginning--we had two ladies asking to take our drink orders, appetizer orders, and dinner orders.  But we had to wait a long time for either of them to return during the main course.  Had to ask twice for extra salad dressing.  Had to ask for water refills, which never came!  But then both of the waitresses asked to take our dessert orders, too! Oh, well.  I don't really expect that much from Olive Garden, so I am generally not disappointed.  The chocolate gelato was a lot better than I thought it would be, though!
My first time and last time in an Olive Garden. the good: price the alright: service, nothing special, but no complains the bad: - the olive oil went bad - the bread is like Safeway bread - i ordered the lasagna with sausage, it is way too salty - got a sample of one of their wines, as my friend put it "water with antifreeze" With that price, I can go to Cheesecake Factory, which imo, is much better!
This place has some of the greatest Italian foods ever! However I would have to say that there prices are a bit ridiculous. I can understand the economy is a "tight" budget but they could lower there prices a bit. Also another thing, this location is so busy on friday's and saturday nights it's almost not even worth going there! You can even make a reservation and YOU still wont get seated rite away..
I got hammered at Olive Garden! Seriously, I got totally plastered.  First had a sampling of a Pinot Grigio...Ordered that strawberry fresca drink - it's suppose to be a bit of vodka w/ strawberry puree and lemonade and I swore - it was full of alcohol!  Aren't chains usually CHEAP on the alcohol, barely pouring ANY in drinks????  The fiance took a sip and almost gagged, it was like pure alcohol with a bit of strawberry flavoring. My fiance had the lime-mint fresca which was like a mojito gone lemonade..but his drink had no alcohol in it!!!!!!!!!!!!!  It was GOOOOD, but I wonder if the bartender gave my drink all the alcohol.  I turned LOBSTER red...it was embarassing but so funny... Bruschetta - delicious.  Unfortunately the crostini wasn't toasted enough, but i love me so bruschetta, YUM. Fiance - asiago steak - cooked medium on a bed of cheese tortellini and cream sauce w/ mushrooms.  DAMN that was good. I had the eggplant parm...duh it's the one thing I was craving..yeah yeah its not real..but then again, why eat bastardized Italian food @ Olive Garden?!?!? Service was fantastic (SERGIO - you ROCKED) and the wait was roughly a few minutes around 6 pm.  Hells no I'm not eating at 7-8 pm, that's begging to go hungry.  True OG is a chain, but then again, why hate on a chain?  The folks here need to pay bills too, and they did a fine job.
Breadsticks, salad, and soup = perfect lunch. I think the portions are out of control so I don't mess with the regular dishes. Service is decent and their parking lot isn't so bad. Is it weird like I really look forward to the Andes chocolate mint candy at the end?
The Sizzler of Italian food.  This restaurant is on par with Sizzler.  If you love sizzler then.... This is anything but Italian food.  If they can screw up balsamic and oil salad dressing then you can guess how the entree will turn out.
I hate coming here. Maybe I usually get the rude waitress or maybe they don't like how I look, but every time I come here, I get consistently bad service. I don't mind the wait, which can range anywhere from ten minutes to 30 minutes. Portions are big, but the food is pretty average. They're a little bit cheap with the sauce, and you need to badger the waitress for more bread and water. I'm sure if I walked out, they wouldn't have noticed. But seriously? Why would a waitress tell me that I'm not allowed to share my dish? I can't eat all that food, and I hate bringing it home. It makes sense to me to share it. In all, the food is fine, but service is not the best and inconsistent, even on non busy times. I have better service in other Olive Gardens.
I haven't been to Olive Garden in a long time and never to this location. We were served with really good service and attention. They really had it together to serve my wife and I and parents and relatives (party of 7). We sat in an area that simulated like our own dining area. The food was extremely tasty and prefect. We were very pleased with everything and since it was my treat, I couldn't have asked for anymore! The manager gave $5 cards for each couple and I'll give that to my neighbor. We were even offered some complimentary muscato to start with but it was too early for us at lunch time ;) Keep up the good work, service, and smiles! Thank you! parking maybe tight but you can also park on the street and side street ;)
wait time: horrendous for a weeknight at 7p.m. The wait was about 15-30 minutes and that was missing the rush that came afterward. Hostess: please hire a new one, shes really cute and all but there way too many empty tables and tips that could've gone to well deserving waiters -- if i were a waiter and she were my hostess...argh... Food: i was aiming to get their NEVER ENDING pasta bowl. But I always seem to miss it. ordered the shrimp alfredo. Quite creamy and heavy - you get what you pay for and don't plan to eat for 3 days afterward. Olive garden is a chain restaurant like Chili's so its pretty casual. Prices are reasonable. But avoid the mad rush if possible and call ahead for reservations would be advisable.
I go here when I have nostalgic cravings for the good ol' taste of the college cafeteria.  Huge piles of gummy pasta, cheesy chicken parmigiana (where else can I get this except in the frozen dinner section of the grocery store?).  I wouldn't exactly call this place cheap though.  I usually take on the "Tour of Italy". The staff is very friendly.  There sure are a lot of them milling around.  You sometimes will be offered a free glass of wine "to taste".  Unfortunately, the carpets look like they have never been cleaned and there's usually a weird smell in the place.  Also, the lights are unusually dim at this location. UPDATE (Mar 07): Seems like they finally cleaned the carpets here and mostly got rid of the bad smells.  The arm on my chair came off when I rolled myself up to the table.  Classy.
I haven't been to the OG place in like a decade, yes it's been that OG long since I been to an Olive Garden, so long that OG was in and OPP was playing on the airwaves, ok maybe not that long ago, but it's been a long time. This location's parking lot seems adequate, but not really, good thing there's a parking lot on the next street over. Food here is average. Noise level is loud. Customers come young and old and all ages in between. The tables here are built for groups, we got a boat for a booth. The fresh warm garlic butter covered breadstick is awesome. This is a Coke place, +1. I give this place an average.
Always a wait and the food aint so great. Thats my poem-The End. p.s. this gets 2 stars because the male waiter kept hitting on my bf, it was hilarious!
I really enjoy eating here and have always gotten friendly, reliable service.  Sometimes the wait can be a bit tedious but hey, it's a popular place!   Love the fact that you get a salad with your meal, and the soups are delicious. If you're a health fanatic and don't like cheap calories, I suggest you pack up a bag lunch or dinner with your tofu and bean sprouts and eat on the curb.  It's Italian.  A Mediterranean diet.  Which is recommended by my cardialogist.
5 stars for the staff -2 stars for the food. I don't really know what this is. It's just terrible but it's not just this olive garden. They're all horrible but the people are nice and an old girlfriend of mine loved the soups here. We broke up, haven't been back.
Being a chain, I wouldn't say that I expect the best service when I dine at Olive Garden.  However, I have to say our server this time managed to give me a below average experience. Yesterday evening, I went to Olive Garden with my fiance to have a casual dinner out.  When we got seated, our server stopped by with a whole stack of her checks from prior customers, along with our menus.  She put the checks on our table and left.  We sat patiently to wait for her to come back, but she didn't.  I had to flag down another server to take our order. When she came out with our salad/soup and breadsticks, we were hopeful that the earlier service was not indicative of what to expect for the rest of the meal.  My fiance and I both wanted to have a little of each other's salad and soup so we swapped bowls at one point.  When we asked for more salad and soup, she told us that she would have to charge extra for that because we were sharing.  Perhaps I did not have the brightest server, but generally speaking, charging extra for sharing only applies when two individuals only order one meal.  However, we ordered two entrees, so both of us had soup or salad that would come with our meal. I simply could not understand her reasoning for saying she needed to charge us extra. After our meal came, I asked for extra breadsticks, at which time she showed up with two breadsticks.  If Olive Garden still wants to say "unlimited breadsticks and salad," they better teach their servers what that really means.
I ate at Olive Garden for the first time last Friday. I'd heard so many stories about how it was so great because of the free refills on breadsticks, soup and salad. A little advice from my friend Daisy, who eats at Olive Garden for lunch often: If you eat too many breadsticks, you'll get fat, so fill up salad first. Upon being seated in the dining area, I almost felt like I was walking into a Fresh Choice or Sizzler, but a little nicer. We were seated in a pentagonal room in a middle table. Olive Garden makes you feel not so bad about eating so many breadsticks by making the seats extra wide so your thighs and hips don't touch the sides. Thank you for thinking of me Olive Garden. I really appreciate it. I ordered a mushroom ravioli which was passable, but not great. I had 2 bowls of soup and 3 breadsticks. I don't know how you could order more than 1 bowl of soup and then eat your whole pasta, because I certainly wasn't able to. The service at Olive Garden was far superior to the service I've ever received at Macaroni Grill. Our waitress was always asking if we wanted more, more, more. Oink. I prefer Olive Garden to Macaroni Grill. It's much less crowded, and much more family oriented, especially for the older lot (that means there were lots of old people).
Good entrees. Both Chicken; Marsala and Tuscany Garlic. Breast fillets were moist and done right. Generous portions. My Tuscany Garlic Chicken dish had fresh chopped spinach over a curly fettuccine in a light garlic cream sauce--very good. The Chicken Marsala tasted vaguely Asian (which was odd) and a bit sweeter than I cared for but it was not bad overall, just not my taste. Their famed garlic bread-sticks are bland imitations of what they used to be. The salad was fresh and tasty though nothing special or innovative. BUT: They have these rosemary potatoes that came with the Marsala that alone gave them an extra star. Crispy on the outside with no hint of oiliness and perfectly moist and fluffy on the inside. It was like oven "deep fried" but  better in every way. The service was prompt though they tried to up-sell you at every turn, from drinks to appys to dessert. Still it was very complete and we were generally pleased with our experience there (for a chain we set our expectations a bit lower).
A chain of americanized Italian Food restaurant.... Food is just average (nothing that makes you wanna keep coming back)... I just give this place an extra star for their take out service (always friendly and fast)...
Went here for my friend's birthday and it was a great experience. Our server Cody did all he could to make our meal wonderful including filling us in on the wine sampling policy. Trust me, it works out in your favour. Anyway, the food was really good. I may have been influenced by alcohol, but I enjoyed the food. Who can argue with unlimited soup, salad and breadsticks? If you can argue, I'll see you on the playground. I had the chicken and prawns with pasta and it was pretty good. The chicken was tender and not dry. In all fairness, I don' t know how much the dishes were, but I'm sure it was worth it at the time. If I had my choice, I'd come back to this location when I'm in the area.
This wasn't my first time at Olive Garden, but it was my first time trying this location. I came here a couple weeks ago with a friend for dinner. For some reason, I was craving their breadsticks and soup, so we ordered a 2-item sampler Italiano with stuffed mushrooms and fried mozzarella, seafood portofino, and two bowls of minestrone soup (everything was family style). The minestrone soup was as good as I remembered it. Paired with the warm breadsticks, the combination could be a meal in itself (especially since the soup is refillable!). The other items were decent but not spectacular; my friend noticed a lot of sand in the mussels of her portion of the seafood portofino. Overall, I would say Olive Garden is a safe choice for Italian food -- you really can't go wrong w/ any of the choices. -L.
Having a baby will lead you to desperate places.  Like Olive Garden, with a sudden craving for bread sticks, salad and soup. Our son is pretty well behaved.  We aren't the kind of people who let our kid throw things everywhere or leave a mess on the floor after we're gone.  The patrons were split half and half either glaring at us for daring to have a baby in public or smiling at the child quietly sitting in his highchair with his bread sticks.  The waitress was awesome about providing some bread sticks without the salt and oil for our seven month old to gnaw on while we ate in relative peace. Speaking of relative peace, this was the quietest Olive Garden I've ever encountered.  Granted, it has been nearly ten years since I've been in more than one Olive Garden and the last Olive Garden I was in several years ago was the first after a several year break from Olive Garden. It's still mediocre food at too high of a price for what it is.  But it sure fixed the craving in a place that we could bring our child.
Warm breadsticks anyone?!  This location is a bit of a throwback with wheels on chairs (I really wanted to roll around the dining area after sitting down) and old school decor. My friend and I dined relatively early on a Thursday (around 6:30pm) and there was plenty of seating. We left by 7:30 or so and there was a bit of wait for individuals outside. Service was great and my chicken fettucine was awwwwesome! The chicken was perfect and there were lots of it. They almost give you too much pasta, but it's always nice to have leftovers the next day.  The bottomless breadsticks are also a nice to go feature too! Overall, pretty tasty.
Solid Franchise Restaurant. You can't really complain about their all your can eat salad and breadsticks. I do think that the prices are a bit high as I could easily go to a nice italian restaurant in SF for roughly the same price. It was a nice place to get together with some friends.
Oh Olive Garden, its been a long time. I used to come here back in the day, but thought they all closed down or something! Came here yesterday with a group of friends, and yes, its about the same as it was a decade ago! Unlimited salad and breadsticks - salad was surprisingly good, as were the breadsticks. You gotta eat the breadsticks fast when its warm, because once it gets cold, it gets kinda hard and dry. I ordered the chicken marsala, but they gave me the stuffed chicken marsala ($1-$2 more!). It was pretty good, heavy on the cream. For dessert, tried the doughnut and the 3 layer cake. Both were good. Cake with the doughnut fudge dipping sauce together was the bomb.
Took a date here because she wanted to go, I'm not big on chain italian restautants. There was a long wait and the pasta didn't have enough meat sauce, I could have made better at home.
Everything high calories, fried, greasy. hated it.
Olive Garden is pretty good at what it does.  I like their unlimited salad and soup deal.  It's a good option when you're not THAT hungry or when you'd like a healthy alternative to the otherwise carb heavy fare you'd find here. The salad is very good.  The Tuscan soup is also very good, but they're a bit heavy on the salt and MSG.  The breadsticks are too greasy, but again, free and unlimited. Service is alright.  I've encountered some bill snafus here, which were annoying, but otherwise it's alright.  And if you're over 21, lately they've been offering a free sample of their wine at the start of every meal.  It's pretty good!
Ok the people I was with and the amount of food was great. The customer service was good, but we still need to hop on that last free wine taste, but the food aight. The atmosphere was typical. Not else much to say but I guess I'll come back for lots of food, but not out of my way.
WORST MEAL I'VE HAD IN YEARS!!!  Yuck...Yuck....Yuck!!!  Waited over 10 minutes just to receive water - AND I had to ask for it!!!  Waitress was clueless!!!  Don't waste your time.  You're better off going to Jack In The Box across the street for $5.
Like the other yelpers have said, our service wasn't all that great either.  When we got there, we were the only ones in the lobby, no one was waiting for a table, yet we still put our name on a list.  You would think a table for 3 gets seated pretty quickly..but noooo.  We waited 10 minutes and folks that came after us were getting seated before us (they also had tables of 2's or 3's).  We were passed over again for the third time and I finally said something.  It turned out that they had crossed our names off. - we also did not get an apology but we were seated promptly. The rest of the meal went pretty well.  We were served quickly and the salad, soup and breadsticks kept on coming (2 stars for that).
Olive Garden is sooooo dreamy.......Peach Bellini's and extra chocolate mints! 5 stars
What can I say, it's a commercial chain restaurant. As far as service it's hit and miss. The food is okay but I think over priced for what you get. This is my fall back place when I'm fresh out of ideas and don't want to drive far.
Pretty good for what it is.  Sure, you don't come here for authentic Italian food, but it's still good food.  The service is usually good, friendly atmosphere. Went here last night for a birthday dinner.  The food was good.  I had seafood alfredo w/ whole wheat linguine, which had the perfect amount of alfredo sauce.  A little chintzy on the seafood, but the flavor was good.  I had a bite of my friend's dinner, too.  I don't remember what it was called, but it had cheese tortelloni (tortellini?), with beef and portobello mushrooms in a spicy arriabiata sauce (he chose that over the basil marsala cause).  Very good, great flavor, nice and spicy.  For dessert, I had the lemon cream cake, a light lemon custard between two layers of light cake. Our waiter was less than stellar.  Kept us waiting too long before he took our drink orders, then we waited again too long before we ordered our appetizer and food. I'll go back, for sure.  Never my first choice, but it's good about once or twice a year.
TODDLER COMFORT LEVEL: High FOOD: Good enough Once you have a toddler, you do strange things like frequent chain restaurants.  The last time we visited this spot, there was  a toddler convention happening.  Every booth in that section of the restaurant had one or more of them, plus there was a party of 15 people with 6 kids.  This place seems to cater to kids with its breadsticks, large menu of pasta, crayons, affordability ,etc.  The little one put millions of paw prints on the glass wall next to us, but the waitress just kept saying how cute she is.  The best, though, is a family with toddlers is INEVITABLY seated behind us so the little ones can play peek-a-boo and "sticker share" over the back-to-back booth seating.   Basically, free and kinetic entertainment for Small Fry.
Well, the person reviewing before me wanted to give a 3.5 and gave 3 stars, and I want to give a 3.5, so I'll give 4. That balances us out. :) Anyway, this is probably one of the best Olive Gardens I've been to. The service is always quick and friendly. They never give you dirty looks for asking for more soup. And some of them are pretty hilarious. I remember asking for a few extra mints one time (I love those Andes mints) and the guy literally came back to the table with a mountain of them piled against himself using the check holder as a base. This is also where we encountered the master ninja waiter. All of our cups were always refilled whenever we looked and the bread seemed to be refilling itself. Each time one of us would be about to ask for something, we'd be quite surprised to find that it was already there. Can't say much about the food, though. It's prepared pretty much on scale with every other Olive Garden (which is to say good), and the wait is pretty good. All in all, though, definitely a good place for a family or group meal.
This is a fine restaurant, as you get great tasting Italian food for a good price in addition to a friendly staff that will make sure that your happy with everything. I came here this week and was served by a waiter named Mauricio who was very nice. I ordered the spaghetti with meatballs and it was very good. However, with this said, I would call an audible when it comes to the calimari, as they seemed to put too much salt on it which made it taste too similar to chicken.
First off, every time you go you should expect to wait for at least 20 minutes.  Which is expected at Olive Garden!  Just a heads-up. I love Olive Garden for the salad and bread sticks!!! Who doesn't, right? I ordered the Parmesan Polenta Crusted Steak and Ravioli. Pretty excited about it because it was new on the menu - looked very good in the picture.  Well, I was disappointed to say the least.  The steak was over spiced - even my fiance said it was too much and he likes to over spice himself (*smile*).  AND the sauce for the ravioli was not thick enough at all waaay to runny.  Overall not what I expected. My fiance ordered the Capellini di Mare. Very very good!  I was actually impressed by the amount of seafood on the plate.  Tons of clams and mussels, definitely enough shrimp!! A large amount of angel hair pasta and just enough sauce and spice. Since I hated my dish my fiance was a sweetheart and we traded dishes.  So all was great!! I love Olive Garden and this was actually my first "bad" tasting experience.  I would def recommend it just not that dish! LOL
I really like Olive Garden. It's a chain but it doesn't feel like one. It's never too loud like Cheesecake factory. I like Italian food! And they have a lot to choose from. I've been here 3 times now and my food was always very delicious and plenty. I love the breadsticks you get before your meal. They're greasy but soooo good:) And the service is very good. Very nice servers!
We were in a time crunch. My cousin had to rush to the airport in an hour so it was important that our food arrived quickly. The staff was extremely understanding and made it a point to bring out most of our food within the first 10 minutes of our arrival. This really impressed me. The food was pretty good. What we ordered: Appetizers: - Lasagna Fritta : basically deep fried lasagna served with a bit of Alfredo and Marinara sauces. It was delicious. (Can fried food with alfredo and marinara really be bad?) - Artichoke and Spinach dip : It was really good and a huge hit with my family although I enjoyed the Lasagna Fritta more. Entrees: - Eggplant Parmagiana : Amazing. My favorite entree and something I would probably return to Olive Garden to eat. The eggplants were crispy and tasted amazing with the spaghetti. Delicious. - Vegetarian Pizza: Standard veggie pizza. It was good as expected, but nothing special. - Manicotti Formaggio: my least favorite entree and my least favorite dish overall (also the most expensive entree we ordered). Honestly this wasn't good. It was really bland with all the cheese (too much cheese). Overall I loved the service and a couple of the dishes I tried tonight I haven't tried at any other italian restaurant which gives me reason to return.
Great place.
I've been to tons of Olive Gardens around the US (especially California) and this one was by far the worst.  The service was terrible.  After my friends and I ordered our food, the waitress said loudly "woah!  Thats a lot of food!"  Gee thanks lady.  Thank God the restaurant wasn't too busy.  Everyone was looking at us like we were fatties after that and all we ordered was one entree per person and an appetizer.  The food took super long to arrive and when it finally did, the same waitress said (again, very loudly) "There's no more room on your table!"  There was room on the table.  I seriously don't know what her problem was.  We weren't given more bread sticks or drink refills until we asked for them. The cherry on top was when we finished eating and the waitress comes to us and asks us (yeah, you guessed it, LOUDLY) where we were from.  Our response was "uhh....San Jose" and she said "No, what country are you from?"  (a few of my friends wear Muslim head scarves). I don't know if she should be asking me my ethnicity when she's working, but we answered her anyway and said "Oh, well our parents are from [insert our various ethnicities here]".  She responded with, "well, WE'RE from Israel" indicating a few of the wait staff who had assembled behind. Ummm.  Okay?  I didn't ask and frankly, I don't care.  There were a few seconds of awkward silence where we just looked at each other and, finally, we just left. I don't know why the service was so bad.  Maybe racism or maybe just a bunch of incompetent idiots.  Whatever the case, I've never been back.  I'll stick to the Fremont OG.  Awesome service and great food.
Okay at least they have some PORTO!!!  It's not my Families Italian style and it's not that bad since you get all that FREE Salad and Soup!  EXCELLENTE for LARGE Family's!!!
I love olive garden.. But the one in SF is way better.. Breadsticks are amazing!!
This is the place to bring to your kids. While I wouldn't recommend OG for a romantic dinner, (the best thing is their salad and bread sticks - with entrees being overpriced and mediocre), I can highly recommend it if you have kids or grandkids.  For $5.15 they offer chicken breast, broccoli and pasta (along with a free drink), and that includes soup and salad.  Yes both - because my grandson usually orders soup, while I always get a salad with my dinner.  (And they will keep filling the salad bowl). Everyone loves the bread sticks, and usually by the time the entrees come out, we are full from soup, salad and bread sticks.  So then we bring the entrees home, and voila - my child gets a second meal later, and so both of his meals cost me just $5.15.   Such a deal.
Ambience   :   Made me slip into a comfortable mood immediately . Food : We Ordered  Capellini Pomodoro,Herb-Grilled Salmon,Bella Limonata(Lemonade+Pomegranate+Pineapple) drink ,wine and Pumpkin cheesecake for dessert . They serve unlimited bread sticks and soups/salads first before the main entry .I simply loved my salad ,it was unbelivably fresh and mildly flavoured  and the review about the soup from the hubby was good too. Both  main entries were  okay ( Capellini Pomodoro )  bordering good (Herb-Grilled Salmon) . But my beverage Bella Limonata was the best part of the evening.They have plenty of interesting choices of  non alcoholic beverages which really made me content .The Pumkin cheese cake however received a mixed review from us , with me not liking it at all while it was another just ok for my hubby . I will def come back here again but only with a prior table reservation .We waited an unbelievable 40 mins for our table, another 20 mins for the food and 10 mins for the billing formalities.Service is painfully slow here . Verdict ----------- Food              :     3/5 Ambience     :     3.5/5 Waiting Time :   2.5/5 Tip:  If you are watching your diet make sure you check their nutritional information menu .It is very informative and You can still enjoy a healthy Italian meal minus all the guilt :)!!
I just wish there was a closer one to San Carlos or Rewood City.  But other than that we love the food, the wine, the desserts.  great service too.
I come here for lunch a lot esp. more recently considering they had new dishes that I always want to try out. My usual is the portabello ravioli (never gets old and always good) but I had to try the new dishes such as the pastatenni with grilled chicken (very good), pastatenni with sausage (more tastier than the grilled chicken but has 3-400 more calories), and the carbonara ravioli with shrimp (not as good, shrimp tasted funny). The couple times we had ordered the soup, salad, and breadsticks, the servers were very attentive and always asked if we wanted more. (Love that!) The wait isn't as crazy as the other Olive Garden locations I have been to and service usually always very good.
The wait is rediculous at this place and it's really not worth it! We waited a good 45 minutes to eat here, finally got seated and then waited  good 5-10 minutes for our waitress. It took her another 5 minutes just to get our drinks... our soup was even brought out before our drinks. The pasta seemed like it was sitting under a heat lamp before it got to the table. What a waste. The only good thing here are the breadsticks. The parking is horrible as well, good luck finding a spot.
Truth be told I am most certainly not the one you want to ask, when attempting to fact qualify the where abouts of  the most authentic Italian eats in the Bay Area.  Heck if i know?  What I do know is what I like....pizza is good, and Jollibee puts hot dogs in their spaghetti, gives it a ghetto little kick when your feeling adventurous. I also  know when I'm satisfied.  And the seafood alfredo here and parmesan chicken is really nice.  The only thing I sincerely  hate about this place is the consistent long wait, and the fact that the ceilings feel so low.  I like restarants that are airy and a little more open.  I would definately recomend this place for people like me, who are indifferent  to the idea, of having to have concise representations of signatures foods in order to enjoy them. Just go here if you want satisfying pasta, this is coming from a  guy who doesnt really like pasta.
Food is amazing and ambiance is awesome..I felt I had the best Italian in the CA
i loved thisplace when i visited it for the 1st time. they do have some good cocktails , i like their vino blanco -house made its really good. dont like their bread sticks. MInestrone  soup is ok ok  .... chicken marsala is good . Salad is nice but sometimes all they serve is lettuce :( their appetizer is good ...love all of those
Pretty good service and food among the Italian chain restaurents. I certainly see myself coming back here again.
don't get me wrong, i like the olive garden, but just not this one because of my to-go experience. i called in advance to order 2 salads and 6 breadsticks to go.  the person taking my order said my order will be ready in 10. i showed up in 10 and my order was no where to be found.  i thought "to-go" order was "to-grab-and-to-go"; not "to-wait-and-grab-and-to-go". finally got my order in 5 minutes.  got back to my hotel and was so ready to nom chomp on the breadsticks and start on my salad to find that there were absolutely no utensils in the bag.  breadsticks without utensils?  fine.  salad?  not fine.  wasn't about to eat like a hungry savage. lack of attentiveness to orders deserve a 2.  sorry og.  better luck next time.
Olive Garden food is overall just okay. And that goes for every Olive Garden I have ever been to. The service here is okay, the food is okay and it is an overall "Meh, I have had better" experience. If you are really in the mood for some Italian go to Don Giovani's on Castro St in Mountain View.
Great service and I definitely enjoyed my Italian food here a lot more than Little Maggiano's in Santana Row. I had the seafood alfredo and it was delicious and definitely worth every penny of my money and who can't say no to all you can eat garlic bread because I know I can't.
I can't say that I would come to this place out of my will and the reason we are here is because our friends wanted to eat here. But it was not bad at all. The service was great, food was yum (rich) and it's pretty good for a chain restaurant (and I am a picky eater).
Been here several times for lunch...  Overall, my experiences have been good.  We waited for our table which have varied several times depending on the time.  It is your typical chain restaurants so the food is pretty consistent.  The staff is pretty nice and the manager did come by to ask how our meal was.
I love Olive Garden, as I have mentioned several times before. Their salad is really good and those Andes mints at the end really send me over the edge. This location is nice and spacious. The service was okay. I think our server was brand new and he didn't seem to speak very much English which I think is imperative as a server. He didn't write down our order which worried me but in the end everything came out as we wanted it to. You can't really go wrong at any Olive Garden location, and this was no different.
Ok, so  I  am already ashamed to admit that I have even gone here past the age of 16, but it was not my idea.  Anywayz, the food was heavy and gave me indigestion but the service was crazy horrible.  It was the type of service you have to laugh about after because it was SO bad.  When we ordered, our waiter said "Have you ever had that before?  Because, I think it's gross, but if you like it you can order it, but it's not good."  Like that wasn't enough, he did the same thing with desserts, "Are you sure you want to order that? It's way too sweet.  It's disgusting.  I would recommend anything but that.  But if you still want to order it, you can..."  What do you expect?  Everything is gross there - you don't have to remind me.
I went to Olive Garden for the first time for lunch with my company and one thing I really Iiked was that they have unlimited breadsticks, soup or salad! The breadsticks and soup was... decent. The customer service at this location is outstanding! I was really impressed! The restaurant itself was really nice too. So for the entree, I ordered the stuffed chicken maderia and I was not a big fan of it! I've had better chicken maderia. Another thing I didn't like was the fact that my entree costed $18! That's more than the Cheesecake Factory!!!!! and the Cheesecake Factory's chicken maderia is SO MUCH BETTER!! BY FAR! I don't think I will ever be coming back to any Olive Garden........ not a fan of the food.
Food is just so so, except the salad(it is the dressing that makes it).  Service was ok, check was wrong and the waitress had the nerve to argue with me.  I ask for the manager, she never sent him/her over.  She just fixed the bill with her attitude.  Would NOT go back, just buy some dressing and call it a day.
We like Olive Garden. Friendly service and good food!  They even gave us complimentary wine samples when we were there.
All I have to say is unlimited salad.. and it's tasty!   Don't really care for the rest of their food.
I always come here when I feel like really good vegetarian soup.  Most restaurants don't have any soup that doesn't have beef or chicken broth in it.  I love the minestrone and usually get soup, salad, and breadsticks.  It's a lot of food for the price, and the salad dressing is wonderful.  The reunite lambrusco goes great with this meal if you like sweet wine.  I also really love the ravioli di portobello and cheese ravioli and I order them when I feel like something a little more fattening (yeah, I know it's Italian!).  I would say it has above average vegetarian selection.
The service at all the Olive Gardens I have ever been to has always been a little off, this one being no exception.  Be prepared for slightly awkward waiters, and don't be afraid to ask for more breadsticks! That's the best part. The lunch special for unlimited soup/salad/bread is pretty good, and the dessert here is surprisingly good. Can't really recommend any of the entrees though.
Love the all you can eat salad and soup deal here....
C'mon, really?  Italian?  Are you serious?  Pizza begels are more Italian than this crap.  Hospitaliano my ass... Straight out of my ass!
We decided to go to Olive Garden the other night because my husband had a craving for Italian, First we were seated and no one came to us for 15 minutes to take our drink order. Then, our waiters were switched on us because ours was apparently to busy. In our section, there were 6 tables and 6 different waiters servicing those sections. The food was fine or so I thought until 3am in the morning when I realized that I had gotten food poisoning, Needless to say I was in bed all of the next day trying to recover. I had the salad and portobello ravioli. We will not be going back anytime soon!
LOVE this place! Not that it needs my review-its fabulous all by itself! it is a favorite of my posse's!
I was starving and as soon as the garlic bread was placed before me, I chow down on a few breadsticks while placing an order for the sampler italiano with three choices: calamari, stuffed mushrooms and fried zucchini while my co-worker ordered the bruschetta. There was quite a few people that opted for soup, salad and garlic breadsticks for $8.50. There's also healthy options like the Venetian Apricot Chicken with broccoli and asparagus, which was what I got. Is it me, or most chain pasta places just taste the same to me? Service was quick and food was mediocre..
Clean, fast and professional :) Excellent selection for low carb eaters :)
Olive Garden is Olive Garden. I haven't been here since I first really graduated from college but Im sure it hasn't changed much.  Chain American-Italian fare but the breadsticks and the soud with the Italian Sausage, Potatoes and cream broth were actually pretty decent if you had no other choice.
The pasta sucks but the the breadsticks and salad makes up for it, I'd go there just for the breadsticks and salad.  I got the chicken parmesan, the sauce and pasta sucked but the chicken with the cheese was actually really good.   Go here if you love breadsticks and salad, otherwise ehh, it's your money.  I'd def go back to see if anything else on the menu is better, plus to get my fucking hands on those breadsticks and that salad.  I wouldn't go here if you get into one of those moods and are craving Italian food though, it probably won't fulfill those cravings.  The last thing, it's a tad over-priced because the servings are pretty small. FUCK the economy. Oh yeah, I also remember it was crowded as shit.
The Olive Garden wants to make us fat.  I am wholly convinced of this.  How else could you explain the fact that fellow Yelp-er --- and all-around awesome guy - Gabe D and I went there last night and ordered two salads, a minestrone soup, the three item appetizer sampler, tea, and marinara dipping sauce for all those bread sticks. When it all arrived, it could only be described as a s***-load of food.  I swear, we had trouble fitting it all on the table.  But yet, when we placed our order, the waitress asked us, "and for your entrees?"  So Gabe said, "The salad." And then Waitress shot back with, "So you want salad instead of dinner?" Um, I don't know about the rest of you, but for me, salad can easily be dinner any night of the week.  We're hardly cheap.  We just really, REALLY like the Olive Garden's salad and bread sticks.   If she'd done some quick math in her head she would have quickly figured out that our tab was going to add up to about as much as another table for two might spend ordering just two entrees and some drinks.  (And I bet those two wouldn't be asked, "So, really, no appetizers today?") Ugh.  I hate being made to feel like a cheapskate just because I shun the rest of their menu in favor of their salads. And this is the second time this sort of interrogation has happened at this Palo Alto location, Gabe noted this on Yelp awhile back --- I thought restaurant managers were reading their Yelp reviews???.  The Stonestown O.G. is somewhat better at accommodating our apparently odd menu preferences, or maybe they're just more accustomed to serving perpetually cash-strapped students... Anyway, to be fair, our waitress did totally make our day by leaving us one of her cool parmesan cheese grater tools for us to use throughout dinner.  Ah, the little things. *End of Rant*
nothing special, just decent Italian food at moderate prices at a convenient location.  service was satisfactory.  unlimited salad and breadsticks are a plus. kid-friendly. you can definitely get better Italian at equivalent prices in the City, but then again, you don't have to drive there and tear your hair out hunting for nonexistent parking.
I'm elevating my earlier review to 3 stars.  The last couple times we've gone there the server asked us how quickly we needed to get back to work and then kept to that time.   The all-you-can-eat soup and salad lunch special for $5.95 is an especially good value and the soup selections are tasty.  I still recommend that you come early and avoid Fridays if you want decent service.
Lunch review only. The word that best describes my Olive Garden lunch experience over the years is... Read more 
Please, if you think The Olive Garden is a great place for Italian food, you must be on crack!!!  The service today was slow while the restaurant was half empty.  The food tasted like a microwaved dinner, and the server overcharged me.  Chains SUCK!!!  Go to a family-owned Italian restaurant.  Try Osteria if you are in Palo Alto.  Their food isn't frozen and they don't recite those annoying lines that chain restaurant servers are programmed to say.
I dont care what anybody says, I love olive garden. dude, no shit it's not authentic! i love the bread sticks and soup. And, of course the lobster ravioli. The palo alto location is always super busy, but I grew up around there so I'll always love it
Last week me and of coarse the man went to Stanford and we stopped by. Like I said well always be in the mood for Olive Garden! We got there right when it opened. This Olive Garden looked really good kind of fancy then previous ones. We order a app. Everything was good besides the raviolis and chicken strips they were really hard my salad and the man soup didn't taste too well but we dealt with it. The server was really nice and respectful great service! All A's to him!
Went there with family for dinner  on a week night.  We love Italian food and have been to all of the Italian restaurants in the Palo Alto area.  Frankly, I was not impressed -- there's nothing special on the menu, and for the price one would have to pay, there are definitely many better alternatives in the same neighborhood.  Lastly, I thought the portions of the dishes were definitely small.  All in all, I won't be going back there period.
I love the salad here that in fact I usually pick up a bottle for my salads at home. I go here rather than the one in Blossom Hill because I like the service better here. The best time to come is when they have the all you can eat pasta bowls. My highest number of bowls was 7. haha. I got the five cheese marinara with the rigatoni pasta i think. I forgot the name. lol. But yeah,  highly recommend this place for the all you can eat salad and when they have the specials, the all you can eat pasta.
This place is like a Taco Bell of Italian food.  I would give it zero stars, if I could. The food is very heavy and not tasty at all.  The portions are huge and you do get a LOT of carbs for your $$, but the humongous plates don't satisfy even average taste buds.  We had to stop at Longs on the way home to get some Tums, but it serves us right - who would go to this place off their own free will. If you're 20 or older, you should know better!! We didn't really have a choice, but I highly don't recommend it to adults. If you must go, stick to bread stix & salad!
It is what it is: Italian food that won't win any culinary awards, but is tasty.  I think you could find better options in the area, but if someone really wanted to go here, I wouldn't say no.
But for the wait time, Olive Garden is THE place to pamper urself. I njoy the hot bread with olive oil and the salad( complimentry if u take more than just 1 entree'). We particularly njoy the drinks and the ' raviolli di portebello'. Tiramisu by far is our fav choice of dessert here. We go to this place around once in a month, and though its a lil pricy, but we r totally satisfied wth the dining experience out here.
If the salad and bread sticks weren't so good I wouldn't come here. The service is sub par and the food isn't much better.
Olive Garden, Olive Garden! Olive Garden is an italian restaurant that is soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo good!
I love the vegetarian fare at Olive garden and was sorely disappointed in both the food and the service at this particular Olive garden. I went there on a Saturday for lunch and ordered the an appetizer and the salad soup combo. My fiance got the Manicotti. We clearly specified that we are vegetarian, and do not eat any meat or seafood. My soup/salad arrived just fine (ministrone soup was less flavorful than I've had at other Olive gardens). However, my fiance's entree arrived in 40 min, topped with shrimp! We asked them to take it back and it took them a good 15 min to get us what we ordered. To top it off, the bread sticks were served cold. My soup re-fill took another 25 minutes. By then, we were tired and just wanted to leave when the waitress took away the bread bowl, with bread still in it (when I was not done with it). I asked for more bread and was told 15 min later that they were "making more bread" and were out. I guess credit should be given to the waitress for apologizing for the confusion. She said she hoped we would still have a good day but the rest of the afternoon was ruined anyways. We just wanted to get out of there asap. The whole experience was terrible. I was so angry that I signed up for yelp and decided to let people know that this Olive garden is probably one of the worst there is out there. If you go to a place which is $$ the least you would expect is service which is better than a hole in the wall. Unfortunately, what you will get is treatment and food which is worse than a hole in the wall restaurant. I will never go here again.
food like any other olive garden.. nothing specatcular. i would've given it 4 stars cuz i love the olive garden food / atmosphere, but i knocked one off for incompetent host/esses. i put my name down as Jimmy for 8.. and i guess the pen they wrote it with came out to be Jimmy for 3. i understand that the circles in an 8 can look like a 3 if the pen was dying. i told them i had a party of 8.. so they said, 'oh ok hold on.' they came back bout 10 min later and asked for Cindy, party of 8. WTH? How does Cindy look like Jimmy? no other party had come in with 8 people after us, so we knew it was our group, but honestly, how stupid do you have to be?! we went ahead - after having a very very long day at work, and i agreed that my name was now, Cindy - not Jimmy. while walking by the waiting room exclaiming to my coworkers that my name is now 'Cindy, party of 8'.. a stupid girl overheard us was like, "what the hell? he's "cindy"? i can be 'cindy part of 8' too!" and i was like, "f**k you we've been working since 5am and it's now 8pm and we've been waiting far longer than you.. and you only have a party of 4 so stfu and sit down!" the girl definitely killed my mood for a lil bit.. until i saw her later and gave her a nice hand gesture wave again. :) that made my night better. service wise, our waitress was very nice, friendly and attentive. she offered a wine tasting to anyone that wanted it and suggested a nice white to go with my entree.
I came in badly craving for their artichoke dip, but left w/ my craving cured in horrible way. =( It tasted funky and the service was eh. =( It kind of broke my heart, sucks cause OG usually has decent food/service at cheap prices.
Bah! Why is the wait at Olive Garden 45+ minutes every time I go? The food isn't that great. Fond memories when I was in high school.. now, not so much.
I feel like the Olive Garden always entices me with meals that look and sound soooo good, and then I go there and the food is just below mediocre.  In this case, it was the never-ending pasta bowl ($8.95) that sucked us in.  Normally their prices put us off coming here (you could go to any number of nice, non-chain Italian restaurants in the area for the same price), but where else are you going to find all you can eat pasta and breadsticks for $9?   I did like that they were participating in the national promotion - many chain restaurants in the Palo Alto area opt out of certain things, because prices here are so much higher than the rest of the country, so I appreciated that they didn't.    I also like that with never-ending pasta, you can try different combinations on each bowl, so you can taste different things.  Their unlimited breadsticks are also a highlight, super greasy and garlicky just the way I like them. That's about the extent of the "likes."  We tried 1) whole wheat linguine with creamy parmesean portobello sauce, 2) meat sauce with angel hair, 3) five cheese marinara with penne, and 4) fettucine alfredo.    I really liked the creamy parmesan portobello - the sauce was good and I loved the large chunks of mushroom, but the whole wheat pasta tasted like cardboard!  I normally love whole wheat pasta but this was just gross.   The meat sauce was adequate, but my bf said it was pretty comparable or even worse than grocery store pasta sauce.   The five cheese marinara was INEDIBLE.   Both my bf and I agreed that we could not stomach it.  Personally, I thought it tasted like vomit.  He was a little more charitable and said it tasted like "really good vomit."    The fettucine alfredo had the opposite problem of the portobella parmesan - this time the pasta itself was fine (pretty good, even) but the sauce was bland.  Not horrible, but definitely not superior to a grocery store sauce or even Lean Cuisine's alfredo sauce in their frozen dinners. Service was less than adequate as well - we sat for a long time after arriving before anyone showed up at our table, and then it took forever to get refills of breadsticks when we wanted them.   I also dislike that they bring out a HUGE bowl of pasta for your first one, so its's hard to even get to a second bowl.   If you're really hoping to try lots of combinations, ask for a small bowl to start off with (the re-fill bowls are pretty small).   I wouldn't recommend coming here, enticing though the specials might sound, but if you must, I definitely recommend the creamy parmesan portabella sauce with fettucine pasta.   If I had ordered that right off the bat, I might have been pretty satisfied, at least for $9.
The endless breadsticks are probably the best feature of this place. But then again, this thing gets old real quickly.  Everything else about this place sucks.  The salad (which also has free refills) is normally just a mixture of soggy lettuce and occasional tomatoes and onions. The entree choices resemble those often found in the frozen food aisle of a supermarket, which would have taken at most 5 minutes to microwave.    Alas, there's not much difference in the taste either. Avoid this place at all cost, unless you are a sucker for all-you-can-eat bread sticks and limp green salad.
Mediocre, low class, dirty carpet establishment. Smells like a family home with 3 kids that hasn't been cleaned for 6 months.
This is the place you want go  if you consistently slow and inattentive waiters. If you want the bill you have to wait an extra 20 minute for that. Do you want Italian food that is tastes like a frozen dinner or worse.. go to this olive garden and you will get all this horrible service....the person I dined with and I felt like just leaving it was so bad. It seems like it's always like this .. i don't why people even go there anymore it's so sucky...
This is by far the worst service I have ever had!!! I use to service and work in customer service and this was so horrible! Our group was four people total and the restaurant was empty... We had two servers and yet it took them 10 minutes to get our drinks and another 15 to even get bread. The salad came out with our food, drinks took forever to refill and our main server was completely rude and not helpfull at all!!! I will NEVER eat here again! Awful!
It's... okay.  I like their soups most of the time (which don't always taste good... well, at least I know it's made from scratch...) but their entrees are just blah.
Unlimited soup and salad and awesome dish and good service makes the best day at OG. We like this place and servers are friendly.
sigh. i love their breadsticks with a passion.  i'm a fan of a variety of items on their menu (you can never go wrong with their lasagna).  and their wines are sometimes tasty. but geezus, their service sucked the big one our last time around.  not even a coupon will get us to go back to this particular olive garden. it started out great.  we had a cute server with a fantastic personality.  she was friendly, joking and seemed lively.  we placed our order and all was well.  our food came out in a super quick amount of time.  and then it all went south. our server pretty much disappeared.  we never had refills on drinks.  we never got more of the decadent breadsticks.  we were never asked how our food was. finally she arrived and never asked if we needed anything else.  we just asked for our check.  it took her a bit longer to get that to us as well.  she dropped it off and told us to "take our time" which must be her motto and then vanished again. after about 20 minutes of waiting around, we flagged down another server (perhaps she was an assistant manager) and asked if she could find our server.  she took it upon herself to wrap up our check and brought it back in a flash. we were so disappointed in the customer service that i left no tip.  this is something that i NEVER do, but it was just so uncalled for to be ignored in such a manner. sigh.  i'll miss you breadsticks.
So there are people packed out the door here all the time.  I didn't expect much, but I thought hey, might as well try it out since it's so close by.  See what all the fuss is about.  I got the sausage cream soup - not good.  Chicken with veggi pasta - surprisingly that was better than I expected.  It's a little overly salted and too much butter, but the flavor was good.  Bf got the salad (nothing special) and the pizza - tastes like frozen pizza.  Their bread stick tastes like frozen bread sticks as well - mediocre flavor and overly salted.  Overall, still would not go back, but was surprised that the pasta was alright.
Went back for dinner several weeks ago. The food is not as good and it seems to be more expensive. I don't think we will be going back anytime soon.
I've been to this place maybe 10 times for dinner and it's pretty consistent. When I come here, I... Read more 
I ordered the "endless" salad bowl and the spaghetti with meatballs, lol. Totally "original, lol." The wait took forever before we were seated and it was super busy that it took the waitress a couple of times to get our stuff. Overall, I enjoyed the company I was with more than the food.
I realize that chain restaurants sometimes get a bad rap on Yelp, but the Olive Garden has always been a favorite of mine.  I usually get the soup, salad, and breadsticks (available before 4pm everyday).  It's cheap, tasty, filling, and fast.  This location (like every Olive Garden I've been to) can get a pretty crowded, so I try to avoid the lunch crowd by going during non-peak hours (before noon on Sunday or after 2:30pm on Saturday).
Love the Tuscano Soup with sausage and potatoes. Hot and creamy, just how I like it. Endless bread sticks to dip in my soup...very fulfilling. He had the Stuffed Chicken Marsala & I ordered the Chicken Carbonara. Both entrees were very hearty and delicious and plenty of left overs to take in for lunch today. (Too bad my coworker decided that today would be the best day to clean the fridge. Even before everyone had a chance to go to lunch. Yes, I forgot to write my name on the bag...but really, couldn't have waited until the work day was over? So disappointed. =/ ) The free wine tasting is a plus but had to take away 1.5 stars for the wait (to be seated, to get our wine, food, and our check.)
Just revisiting my first glowing review of Olive Garden.  I am still impressed with this location, but a recent visit on a very busy (holiday season) dinner was not as good.  The seating took a l o n g time and the waiting area had the ambiance of a bus stop (people sitting on the floor, coats strewn on the benches).  The food was just OK too - I could taste that it was prepared in advance and warmed up for service.  Still, I would go there again, but maybe not when looks overcrowded.
The food was great.... I had the steak and pasta...the waitress was a bit slow but she was pregnant. She was very nice and sweet. We only had to wait ten minutes for a table. The waiter who release our original waitress was checking in every five minutes to see if we needed anything. The guy that brought the food was very pleasant as well as the young man who served the wine. We had a good time and more than plenty to eat.
Been here several times, stick me with a fork, I'm done. I gave it one more chance, but now it is really expensive. Three people, one appetizer, two glasses (total) of vastly overpriced wine, watery salad, plastic pasta: $98 for indigestion. Popular with birthday parties, whatever. No parking on a weeknight, affirmation that the peninsula, no offense, has no palate.
Food is typical for an Olive Garden. Got very crowded on a weekend evening. Waitress was great and there was follow up from the manager. We'll return.
I have been there a couple times for lunch and once for dinner.  Each time I have had a good experience.  There are good Olive Gardens and bad Olive Gardens and this is one of the good ones, if you like the Olive Garden.
This hostess seating me right now is the most unhappy hostess in the world.  I thought I was supposed to be the hungry and grumpy one?  They're lucky I'm in love with their salads.
Great helpings and perfect service.
Minus 2 stars. Why you ask? My FAVORITE soup is here: The Zuppa Toscana -1 star for lack of sausages -1 star for lack of potatoes Even my refills would lack the sausages and potatoes...that's a NO-NO
The food is decent and corkage is only $7.
Went there on Sat - quite good food although was a bit spicy for me. Good coktails, especially tropical sangria. I think if you are looking for authentic italian, this is definitely not the place, however among tons of Americanized Italian restaurants (Frankie Jonny & Luigis, Macaroni Grill, Florentinos and that other big one on Santana Row), this is one of the best. Great service there too.
Chain restaurants don't get much respect but Olive Garden does provide a nice Italian meal at slightly expensive prices.  The entrees come with a choice of soup or salad, and it boasts several unique menu items from their Italian culinary school such as "Braised Beef and Tortellini" and "Steak Gorgonzola-Alfredo". This location normally has a line but the waiting time is usually short (less than 10 mins).  The staff is a little inexperienced - the waiter seemed fresh out of high school and could barely handle a bottle of wine.
Again, deliberating between 3 and four stars. 4 stars for the breadsticks, moderate service and food. But a little expensive. Our server was cool, but again, not much of a sense of humor. Its okay to laugh and joke servers out there, trust me, I wont bite. Well maybe if I'm hungry enough. Good food, okay prices, good service, full bar. I came hungry, left happy. Good enough for me.
I give it 5 stars too for the service. They are a tad skimpy on the portions especially lately but they are a of a few food chains that try to make the customers happy.  We had an excellent meal there Sat night the 9th our server was very good....
Normally, I love Olive Garden. But, I am dissatisfied in my first (and last) visit to the Olive Garden in Palo Alto. We went to OG for a birthday dinner, two in fact. Our party was 20 large, which can be difficult to manage, but should be doable by any chain restaurant. The Food: Few people can complain about free breadsticks and salad. The salad was great. The breadsticks were less addictive than I remember. As for the main dishes, many people in my party found the food somewhat tasteless. I had the Garlic Chicken con Broccoli. The chicken was delicious, but the pasta and sauce were pretty bland. The Service: The main issue I have with this OG is the service. Everything started out fine. We originally needed seating for 14, but our party became larger than expected (to 20). OG was very kind in accommodating the extra guests. However, three things about the service bothered me. First, water was only refilled once, which is much less than I normally need. My glass went empty without being replenished at the end for a good 30 minutes. Second, my dish and a friend's came out about 20 minutes after everyone else had theirs brought to them. Most of our table was finished eating by the time my food arrived. They had clearly forgotten, but did not apologize for it or even acknowledge their mistake. Third, THEY CHARGE FOR THE BIRTHDAY DESSERT. The waiter came to me and asked how many birthday treats I wanted...one or two (two birthdays). I told him to bring out what he thought was best. There was no mention of a cost for the dessert, and I didn't think there was since I have never been charged for a birthday treat, especially when a party of 20 paying for overpriced food and 18% gratuity. When the check came, we started splitting up the tabs...then I noticed that we had two birthday desserts on the check. I spoke with the manager who very reluctantly took the charges off. It was kind of her to do so, but expected considering there was no mention of the cost prior. If you want good Italian food with good service, avoid this Olive Garden. Find another OG, or find another restaurant.
I always get the fettucini Alfredo. I prefer to go in the afternoon when portions are smaller. Love the salad. Service is decent. One server had a holier than thou attitude. She wasn't serving us but just bugged me.
Love this restaurant and this particular location. The food was awesome, the waitress was very pleasant & super attentive. The place was very kid friendly and my daughter was pretty occupied with the coloring book that she got. Their soups (minestrone and chicken gnocchi) and bread were quite nice. The Chicken Marsala was amazing - the meat was tender and the gravy was rich and tasty. My wife got the five cheese ziti al forno which had a unique taste. We would love to go back to this place.
I love Olive Garden food but its a 'no no' for this place. Went here for dinner and ordered the shrimp primavera with minestrone soup. The soup was very high in salt, I couldn't have it. The pasta came by part done with the noodles stuck to each other and undone. Urgh. I will not go to this location ever again!
This was my first visit at this Olive Garden location. I have been to Olive Garden on Blossom Hill... Read more 
I like the dessert here.
I'm a foodie.  I'm also a customer service Nazi.  Yeah, it's a standard Italian food chain, but you know what?  They deliver good food at a reasonable price and are kind.  We got amazing service.  I go to five star restaurants and they are snobby dicks.  However, these folks really cared.  They were all over it on service.  The food quality was good.  I feel we got WAY more than we paid for.  This much better than looking at the bill and saying "how the f__k did we spend that".
This is probably a favorite place to eat out around the bay area. I absolutely relish the "Ravioli di Portabello", which I've had about a hundred times here in the last 5 years or so! The unlimited garlic bread sticks and soup (minestrone) that come free with the entree is a bonus! They even let you take some breadsticks and soup back home! The waitresses here quite sexy too, which is always a good thing!
I will say the bad news about this place firs, that wait for this restaurant is ridiculously LONG. My family had to wait outside in our car until we could be seated. GOOD news: THE FOOD WAS GREAT. My family and I ate so much that i almost felt like throwing up. The waiter read our minds and came with water and bread sticks without us asking. He even persuaded us into getting dessert after our enormous platters of pasta. I'd go back anytime.
I will tell you this, the only reason why I love this place is because of the server I believe his name was Luis. the hostess Emilia (I looked at her name tag) that sat us, sounded annoyed and very impatient and she tossed the menus at the table and left. At first I thought great bad service with my fiance and her parents, but within seconds Luis comes to the table happy and asked us how we were doing and is we were celebrating any special occasion. we just told him that it was her parents first time at a Olive Garden and he said "welcome and hopefully I make your first time a great time." He offered us a wine sample, which was a Fiano I believe, anyways he also mention what entrees would go well with it. so already my Parents in law knew what they were getting My Fiance wanted to taste something different, she always have the chicken Parm, and Luis told her one of his favorites, the Chicken Scampi. He convinced me and my Fiance to have it. before he left he asked if we wanted any appetizers. and let me tell you the Calamari is to die for, we had two orders of those. and what i appreciated about what Luis asked was if we wanted our salad first which would take him a min or the appetizers which would take about 5 min. so he was making sure we had everything fine. As the dinner went by he would come over and make small talk and giving me a breather when he would make my Parents in-law laughing. but he also made sure we had everything and everything was okay. he would bring the refill drinks before asking, and even when he was taking a party next to us, h made sure we got the same attention as the others the whole time. toward the end of the Dinner we got desserts, and they lit up a candle and got group of his work friends and sang to my parents in law a song. As we were leaving Luis wish us luck and told my parents in law that he better see them again soon as a joke which they found it funny. when we head to the door Emilia hold the door open for a sec but did not open the door for us. welcome service needs a lot of attention, but the Service was great. If you go to Olive Garden Recommend for Luis
I was really never a fan of the place, but my wife kept wanting  togo so we went last Weekend for Lunch And Let Me Tell you I am a fan Now!!! I had the Endless Past bowl you pick the Pasta and the Sauce you want. I started with Angel Hair and Spianch Alfredo sauce That was the Bomb!!!!!!! you get your choice os soup or salad with it and let me tell you I love the minestrone Soup!!!! very good. I never made it to Bowl number 2 I had to Take it home!!!!!
The zuppa toscana was too hot.
We went on a Saturday for lunch. The place was reasonably busy. The service was slow, but cheerful. Food was OK, but on the oily side. Pros: amazing breadsticks, pleasant casual vibe, clean bathrooms. Cons: slow! (I came with 2 small kids, the restaurant should know to get drinks and food out pretty fast) Also, both my 3 year old and my grandmother (who usually can digest fried nails) got a very upset stomach 1.5h after the meal. So be careful what you order and check that the utensils and dishes are clean, I guess. All in all, we decided that next time we want casual Italian food, we are going to Pasta Pomodoro.
Good italian food :)
Pretty decent Italian food, though sometimes the Waiter is not always at your side...
Disclaimer: Please take this review seriously, as I do not intend to be facetious in any way, shape, or form. I confess, and I am not ashamed: I love Olive Garden. It all began on a delightful winter day many years ago. I was but a young sophomore in college, and my two best friends and I were in need of sustenance after a taxing afternoon at the movies. We stumbled upon Olive Garden (from here on out, OG)--or did someone suggest it?--and the rest is history. Two orders of mushroom ravioli, one of chicken parmesan, and one slice of pumpkin cheesecake later, the three of us were hooked. Matters escalated--we started going there more and more often. Without any sort of conscious decision having been made, OG became our default for birthdays, celebrations, occasions both good and bad. More than the Italian comfort food (according to the menu, OG chefs train in Tuscany! Make of that what you will.), we were addicted to the hilarity that was sure to ensue upon each subsequent visit. There was the time the Chief of Police sang Happy Birthday to Bhavya, the time when a waiter told us he had never seen as much food consumed by any group of any size, and proceeded to shower us with Andy's mints (always gifted along with the receipt, but not normally so many), and the time two of us decided to leave the phone number of our unsuspecting third for the waiter, along with a saucy note. Fond, fond memories, made all the better by the most accommodating staff you will ever encounter, a potent drink menu (try my fav, the Limoncello Lemonade, or B-mo and Panda's go-to, a fruit Bellini), "authentic" Italian cuisine (in truth, I much prefer OG to other local Italian eateries, cough, Il Fornaio...), and the company of the ones you hold most dear. When you're here, you're family indeed.
We went to OG for a late dinner with the family. The service started off on the slow side but once we meet our server she took care of us. Rosemarie was attentive to our needs without being invassive. She was really good with our kids. Meaning she actually looked at them & paid attention to them when they where ordering & than with a simple nod ok'ed their orders with us. She made sure to offer us more cocktails during our meal. I always try one of their seasonal cocktails. So far I haven't been dissappointed with anyone that I've ordered.  We mostly come here beause the kids love it & we enjoy the relaxed atmosphere.
Our waiter was John B. He was arrogant and more interested in flirting with a table of girls next to ours than in serving us properly and professionally. The first time he came to our table he poured the complimentary wine into two glasses, splashing on the menu I was reading and walked away. When he took our order, he asked us ladies "You guys ready?" and he rushed us into ordering. He didn't feel the need to write our orders down but promptly forgot what we asked for and had to ask us again. When I asked him for a house salad, he went on and on about charging extra if we were to request a refill. We just wanted a simple salad, but he spent a good time describing how much he would charge us and made us feel like we couldn't afford it. When he was walking around with his cheese grater, he spilled so much of the cheese on the floor and on our table and he seemed oblivious to the trail of cheese following him to and from the kitchen. He was sarcastic, annoying, and obnoxious throughout the evening and I did not appreciate his attitude at all.
I'm addicted to their unlimited salad and breadsticks! Their entrees are standard, but still tasty. The staff is super nice here. Parking and the wait can be a pain when it's packed, but it's worth it for the salad and breadsticks.
The last time I ate at the OG I got the worst case of the HS's (Hershey Squirts) I think I ever had in my life. I seriously think birthday cake from when I turned 4 came out, it was that bad. Needless to say, I was in no hurry to come back for the endless sh*ts that came with the endless salad and breadsticks. Tonight, lo these 7+ years later, the gentleman caller suggested we go there and so we did. We each got a glass of that super sweet Ripplesque wine they bamboozled us into by offering us a free taste. (We are easy, what can I say?) GC (Gentleman Caller) ordered the spinach artichoke dip. Celery was crunchy but the weird crostini things that came with them reminded me of my grandma's toenails. The dip itself was decent when hot but pretty awful once it neared room temperature. GC thought the breadsticks tasted donutty. I thought they were kind of rubbery but not anymore so than I remembered other OG's breadsticks being. The salad was standard OG but GD! -those tongs they gave us were misaligned and I kept dropping pepperoncini and that flaccid lettuce all over the table. GC had portobello raviolis which he liked and I had eggplant parm hold the cheese.  It's canned sauce, overly sweet and served atop greazzy eggplant but I stuffed the whole plate into my maw so it must not have been that bad. Our servers were great and an hour later, no hot sweats and sh*tcramps. So far so good.
the worst of the italian eatery chains.  the term "you get what you pay for" really applies to olive garden.  been here a few times because of fellow coworkers wanting to go, and i have never been satisfied.  nothing tastes good to me here.  the red sauce is something they would serve in some lousy cafeteria. ok ok, the bread sticks aren't bad.
I'm writing this review in hopes the manager of this olive garden is reading and listening. My experience at this restaurant was almost perfect. I have to give two stars for one reason.... If a family is allowed to cut in line just because they are willing to yell and complain, sure you will make one family happy, but you will make the rest of the people waiting in line unhappy. Let me explain the situation.... There were tons of people waiting. We all had pagers waiting 30+ minutes for the pager to vibrate indicating it is our turn to be seated. We all have other things to do, places to go, people to see, errands to run etc...but most of us wait patiently in line because we determined that our place in line is very important to us. However, one family decided to multi-task and do errands while they waited for their pager to ring.... However, the pager has some kind of proximity alarm triggering it to ring if you travel too far from the restaurant, so in order for them to multi-task they would have to return the pager (giving up their spot in line) so they could complete their errand. They gave up their pager, went and did their other task and came back in 30 minutes demanding their spot in line. The olive garden employees explained to them that once they gave up their pager, they lost their spot in line. He complained and started to yell. At this point I said to myself, if he complains to the manager and the manager allows this family to cut in front of me, I would write a complaint.... well, the manager decided to make them happy and they got seated before me, which makes me upset..... so here it is again..... By bending the rules to make one customer happy, you risk making several other customers unhappy. universal rule of a line: 1) no cutting 2) no spot saving 3) you can't wait in two lines at the same time 3) you need to have your whole party ready and present when its your turn otherwise go to the end of the line.  and 4) don't waste everyone elses time by not following these universal rules.
man are those commercials deceiving.  they tricked the entire state of hawaii into thinking this was the best itallian food the mainland had to offer.  after sampling several dishes, i've found that the best thing this restaurant has to offer is the unlimited soup and salad refills, and possibly the breadsticks. --cheap?  not really when you consider most dishes at dinner cost well over $10.  You could spend the same money getting some REAL Itallian food.  If you want to eat at a chain, try Macaroni Grill or Buca Di Beppo instead.
I can't believe they can even call themselves an Olive Garden - no service, and inedible food.  After 45 minutes of no waitress coming to our table, I had to walk around to ask 2 waitresses to bring us a salad and a soda.  After one of them dropped it off, they never came back to refill it.  Another waitress finally took our order, which was lasagna.  It was the size of a tablespoon, and a completely burnt mush.  The waitress dropped it at our table and quickly ran off embarrased looking that she had actually served this to us, and we never saw her again, or any other waiter, for the rest of the night.  After 3 hours in total, and no check on our table, we left the money on the table and left.  The next day we called to manager who said he would send us a refund, but never did.  I called corporate headquarters to tell them what happened, who also said we would get a refund, but one never came from them either.  So...stay clear of this place.  Really the worst food and service that I have seen in the bay area.
Love this place for the minestrone !!!!!!!! and the lovely salad.. just have that each time I go, tried some pasta once... the deserts are also nice :) My husband also loves the food here, the soups and salad are unlimited for some hours in the day... Nice Italian food ! Must go recommended again.. ! Waiting is long at evenings at times.. !
Good food, ambience and parking.
I went there last week on the wednesday night with my girlfriend. I had calamari appetizer which was good. But my entree which was grilled chicken and beed combination plate's chickens were dry and not too nice. But beef was tasty. Service was average. Didn't pay attention too much. But i'd say it was an average taste.
Meh.  You get what you pay for here.  All you can eat soup/salud/bread. (The bread is good).  Ok entrees. Nothing terrible (except the wait some times). Nothing outstanding.
Very nice restaurant, for a date! I had a good time, but food wasnt as good as the environment, my pasta came cold and dry.... I little disappointed because the prices were not the best ones to get dry pasta....
good food, fast service, and attentive waiters! definitely go. :)
What can I say? The food's just like every other Olive Garden. Not a big fan, but the fam wanted to go. What DOES make this location different was the service. We were a party of six and our server kept up with us: all our drinks were filled, and so were the soups, salads and breadsticks. I'm only going to this Olive Garden from now on.
Awesome. Great food
The Dennys of Italian food, but still fairly expensive, the Olive Garden is very close to my job.  So, although not my favorite haunt, I do eat there from time to time.  Usually good customer service with okay food, and unlimited soup or salad and breadsticks, which is always fun.  Normally I would give it 3 stars, but had some bad customer service yesterday.
they said , they are tuscan restaurant , i doubt that , anyway i have been there 10 times at least , the food is good , the service is ok , i hardly suggest the ravioli portobello , stay away from the pizza , and the appetizers are really good , this it would be a 3 and half stars if it would exist the way
3.5 stars. My friends and I just went for the unlimited pasta bowl. For about 10-12 bucks, you get some decent pasta. Once again, you need to come here only if you are ravenous (maybe after working out or something). The salad is what they are known for apparently but I'm not much of a salad person in general. The wait can be from 15-30 mins especially when the unlimited pasta bowl deal is on. That kinda sucks. The staff is very friendly though.
The second time I have been to an Olive Garden and let me tell you I was not impressed. The food is not stellar but last night the service was TERRIBLE. We waited and waited, the dinners didn't come out at the same time. We weren't even asked if we wanted dessert and the bill came before the table had been cleared; and since it was one of our party's 15th birthday we did want something. We had to pay over $8.00 for some terrible frozen cake (I guess it was supposed to be cold) and three of the waitstaff halfheartedly sang some 30 second Italian birthday song.  Most places will comp a birthday dessert. They didn't even clear the plates before bringing the desert -- I had to deliver them practically to the wait area --  and they threw some extra plates on the table. They forgot to bring extra forks, all in all very bad service!
Wasn't bad at all. I had the chicken Marsala and my wife had the grilled steak pasta or something like that. Ghe only bad part was parking. Oh yeah, this was the first time I used the yelp app and thought I actually checked into the restaurant from my iPhone! Lol
The food is great and the waiters were attentive. The portions were generous and their free bread was very welcoming.
you can never go wrong with eating here.  the salad if fresh is great, but what they are known for is for the bread sticks.  i love to come here now and again...was here like last friday it was good i had the shrimp rizotto not so bad but edible...
I love Olive Garden.  My husband and I used to go every week, but this particular Olive Garden is awful, and I mean, save your money and go to Wendy's instead awful.  We went once and waited an hour for our food and then the orders came out and were wrong...we didn't want to wait another hour for the right orders, so we ate and swore never to come back.  Well, it's been a couple years...maybe we had a bad night of service, maybe it was just an off night, maybe a cook really did quit.  We went back last week and seriously, we will drive across the bay if we ever want to go again.  This time we had our kids.  We ordered as soon as we sat down.  Our kids were good for the first 45 minutes while we waited for food.  At the one hour mark of waiting and walking our kids around the restaurant I finally chased our waitress down (literally she saw me coming and averted her eyes and walked away) to ask if she knew about how much longer on the food.  She said she didn't know and she'd check.  Ten minutes later she came to our table and said it would be out in three minutes.  Five minutes later we decided we were going to leave in three minutes if our food wasn't there.  One minutes left on the clock and our food finally arrived (almost 1 hour 10 minutes to get food).  The breadsticks were crunchy (every other Olive Garden I've been to had soft and buttery...these were dry and crunchy).  Portions were small.  The waitress should have offered some kind of discount or free dessert or coupon for another visit, I think, but hardly offered an apology.  All around, if I could give this place zero stars, I would.  (The people sitting behind us were having a confrontation with the manager about their poor service as we were leaving, so I know it wasn't just us.)
