Not expecting anything spectacular, this place surprised me - easy online reservations via http://Yelp.com made it really helpful, too. Mediterranean / Turkish dishes.  We were greeted with a cup of soup that was welcomingly warm, and hit the spot as a light appetizer or more like an appeteaser! We had the Babaganough, came with plenty of pita triangles, and more were brought later.  The salad we  chose was simple and delicious.  We also ordered the lamb special - an osso buco like braised shank - it was tender, and fell apart quite nicely.  It came on a large plate of sauteed vegetables, polenta base.  Easily fed two of us, but we split it amongst four of us, as we'd also ordered the other dishes. Friendly service, with smiles and good humor.  Wine was good, and was offered to comp for us because we had to wait five minutes though we had a reservation. Kids friendly, colorful decor, great ambiance.  GO!
Came here for a super late lunch...like 2:30ish. It was a beautiful day, so me and my boyfriend decided to sit outside. This ambiance was really cute & quaint. The server was really friendly & kept making sure we were good. I ordered the lamb saute and it came in a huge cast iron plate. The dish was basically chunks of tender lamb sauteed with tomatoes, bell peppers, and other various veges. It came with fluffy rice as well. It was really good! It was light and flavorful. I recommend it for those who don't prefer the super heavy, yogurt filled dishes. Although...their yogurt is quite delicious & worth a try. (: My boyfriend got the Alexander favorite and the meat was super tender & the sauce was savory. Combined with the yogurt it was perfect. The bread soaked in butter was a little weird for me. It was really really mushy...it was good, just texture wise a little different. I would have preferred the dish a lot more if it came with rice or another type of starch. Overall this place was really delightful! (:
came here for a late lunch with my girlfriend after we discovered the place we wanted to go was closed for labor day weekend. this was a good alternative! i typically dont eat mediterranean food, but this place surprised me big time. ordered alexander's favorite. this dish is pretty heavy with sauce and flavor. i definitely really enjoyed this. very tender pieces of lamb and beef in tomato sauce and a side of yogurt (half of the plate actually). oh man, the yogurt complements of the tomato sauce lamb so perfectly. staff was friendly and helpful. wouldn't mind coming back again.
I've visited Anatolian Kitchen several times and have been pretty happy with each visit. They do some great hummus and babaganoush, and when it's paired with fresh warm pita it's delicious. As for main dishes, the manti, iskender, and lamb shish kebab are all worth trying. In terms of enviroment, the restaurant is nicely decorated and has a cozy feeling. There's plenty of seating indoors, and they even have a small outdoor area out front.
I'm not a big fan of Mediterranean food so naturally I'm not too fond of this place. But it sounds like plenty of other people like the food here. My roommates and I ordered the following dishes: - Falafel Appetizer - Manti Plate - Alexander's Favorite It wouldn't be fair for me to review the food, so I'll review their service. Service here was okay but it was nearly nonexistent since the servers were busy with other tables. It would have been nice if the water was served chilled instead of room temperature.
I think I'm starting to really like Mediterranean food. First I tried Med Wraps, then DishDash, and now I've experienced Anatolian Kitchen!! I had the Veggie Mousaka, which I loved the cheeeessyyy-nesss on top, put all that together in my mouth and delighfulness obtained! Also tried the Chicken Shish Kebab Plate, Lamb Saute Plate and the Anatolian Salad; all were really fresh and healthy tasting. And I pretty much put the goat cheese from the salad all over the rest of my food. The CHEESE here is really amzeballs!!! I'm not sure where they get their cheese from, but if anyone knows please let me in on the secret! That cheese is one thing I will never forget!! Overall I do still enjoy Med Wraps Dolmas over the ones here, but everything else was pretty Hummazing...Babalicious..FalaFULL.
Better quality than most Mediterranean take-out shops in the area. The lamb kebab is very tender. Outdoor seating has plenty of shady options.
Hmmm. Maybe I'm not a huge fan of mediterranean food. So/So is all I can say. Service is good tho, have outside seating, its nice to seat outside and enjoy the sun in this nice weather in summer.
Don't know who was cooking last night. Food was blandy-bland bo-o-ring. Best dish was the beet salad. had the babaganoush, the eggplant and grapeleaves. left me wanting. high spot was the company and they serve stella artois
2.5 stars. Meh, not that great in my experience but I really think that has more to do with my taste in food than the quality of Anatolian as a restaurant.  I'm not a huge fan of mediterranean to start, so I got the Alexander's favorite, which seemed pretty safe.  It was safe indeed.  Good and flavorful, though not good enough to have me clamoring for more.  My friend got a ravioli plate topped with yogurt, which was just plain weird.  The ravioli was drenched in yogurt, making it lukewarm at best.  The menu said the dish was "served" with yogurt, and I guess their definition of "served" was an understatement.  Basically, the dish was bizzarre to the point of bad/inedible...we had a lot left over. Service was fine and the outdoor seating was well-suited for a gorgeous summer evening.  I can see why people would like Anatolian, but it's just not for me.
Had lunch here today. We sat outside, and the weather was perfect. We had the Adana Kabab and the Lamb Kabab plates. We got a bread and lavash basket with balsamic vinegar, herbs and oil when we sat down. Nice. (Make sure to look under the lavash - there's bread under there that I missed until the end!) Both dishes were delicious, although mine (Adana) could've been a little warmer. Just the right portion for lunch. Lunch for 2 was $31 before tip.
This place is excellent. The salads are fresh, they have herbs, lemon, and high quality feta cheese. I love the Marinated ground lamb and beef with spices, grilled on skewers, served with rice and sauteed vegetables. I also tried a beef ravioli in butter and yogurt. It was excellent (home made pasta I think) but very rich! I almost died of over-consumption. The baklava is sooo good, not too sweet.
A pretty cute little place in Palo Alto. I was impressed with the frankness of the server (who told me the the veggie manti was a very interesting and different flavor and that some people really don't like it) and the Anatolian salad (the mint really brought the dish together). I was really looking forward to the veggie mousaka as I used to love mousaka when I ate meat but haven't found a good vegetarian one anywhere. Sadly I'm going to have to keep searching as the dish here was just ok.
Lovely vibe. Great food. Had the chicken kabob and friends had the Doners (chicken and beef). We all loved the food. Great portion size as well. A little hidden but that is why Yelp is there. Worth the find.
Service is very attentive and prompt.  Salad that I ate was good, but the outside chairs....  So uncomfortable.
Awesome cocktails, terrific pomegranate + chevre salad, delicious lentil soup. I also love sitting outside here on a nice evening since they have heat lamps. All in all, a neighborhood gem.
Pretty decent food.
Great restaurant off of the Calif Ave. district in Palo Alto! I loved the patio seating setup with the heat lamps and lil fireplace areas although it was still a bit too cold at the end of March to dine outside.  I ordered the lamb saute which came out in a giant large dinner-plate sized serving... they definitely don't hold back on serving size. My friends' food all came out with healthy portion sizes so come hungry! The hummus is also a must-try appetizer -- it's simply delicious - probably one of the best I've had Stateside.
Busy but great service. Moussaka was meh. Will return to try other entrees.
The mousaka was so yummy I ate the ENTIRE thing.  Bad Madeline.  I also had this cucumber margarita and my slightly drunken state (i have low tolerance) may have contributed to my gluttony.  But it also was just that good.
Cute restaurant with a great vibe for dates. When they have the heaters going outside, I'd recommend trying to get a seat out there! Started out with some pita bread and hummus. The hummus lacked flavor and could've been a little saltier. We had the manti and Alexander's favorite plates. The manti was great, but I wish there had been something else to cut up on the monotony of the sauce. Yogurt sauce just does not cut it for me... maybe some diced herbs to give it a little more depth. Beyond that, it was delicious. The boyfriend chowed down on the iskender plate - very good Mediterranean spices going on there. A delight for our palates and good portions. Ambience was great and the servers made great suggestions. Quick to provide service and checked in on us often enough. Anatolian Kitchen is a super short walk from my place, so we'll be back again! For those of you driving, it's right across from a small parking lot and there's plenty of street parking.
I ordered the $14.95 Salmon dish with a turnaround time (in a group of 10) of about 20 minutes. The waiters took our mind off of the wait with some naan and vinegar/oil dip. They're very on top of their water refilling, which I appreciated and took note. The dish was rice, salad, and one of the best salmon filets I've ever had. It was served with some herbal butter sauce, and the meat was so easily separated that I didn't even need my knife! The skin was properly cooked so it still clung to the meat, but was crispy in its own aspect. Delicious delicious delicious.
Lamb Kebab is perfect.
Service was great. Very helpful Staff. It's a little hidden Gem! Now let's get to the important stuff. FOOD! Started with the Combo app plate & it was damn good. Really good Hummus & the soft pita bread was good. We got the Adana Kabob which was yummy/moist & perfectly seasoned. For drinks i had the margarita. Not bad. Their Mojitos are delish. Will go back very soon to try out their other dishes. PS. we sat outside for at least 4 hours & no one rushed us out even when they were busy. Great Great Service.
As part of my Farewell lunch tour, Anatolian Kitchen was number 1 on my list of places to try. We ordered the hummus, the sea bass special, the grilled salmon, and the Alexander's favorite. All the dishes were delicious, but I especially enjoyed the hummus and Alexander's favorite. It is a small, tastefully decorated place. I would recommend getting there early. Shortly into our meal(on a Monday afternoon), the crowd began to trickle in. It takes a bit longer than usual for the food to be prepared, so I would suggest taking a look at the menu in advance. The server was friendly and accommodating, which is always a plus. The staff genuinely seem happy.
The food here was spectacular. We tried all the specials, the lamb shanks the appetizer platters and loved every single plate. The service was without doubt the best service I've ever had in my life, this is including all the fancy 5-star hotels and restaurants across countries. The hostess explained every single dish in detail, offered us tastes of different wines she recommended and helped us choose the right one, made sure there was always pita bread and some dips on the table in between and during courses and never left us un-attended. The whole experience was absolutely worth the slightly steep prices and I would love to come back here again and again and spread the word to friends as well.
This is a lovely little restaurant that I went to with some friends on a whim (we looked up decently-rated restaurants on Yelp and ended up here, so thank you Yelp). There are several vegetarian-friendly dishes on the menu, and I got the Veggie Manti, which is little vegetable-filled ravioli-like pasta purses served in an absolutely delicious yogurt sauce! It was very good! My companions got the Grilled Salmon Plate and the Anatolian Salad and had good things to say about both (but only after we were finished eating, because things got pretty quiet once the food arrived--it was tasty). Even the lunch appetizer of the pita-ish flat bread with balsamic vinegar and olive oil dipping 'sauce' was delicious. The service was also quite good with the staff willing to check on the food allergies of those present (egg for me, black pepper for a friend) and they were great about checking up on us and making sure we had water. The decor and ambiance is good, although it would be nice if the restaurant had a better layout--the tables in the back (where we were seated) are at the end of a long, narrow corner, but they're probably stuck with the layout they've got in the place. I think the outdoor seating would be charming and will be aiming for that on my next visit.
Used to be a Mexican joint, so the layout felt very familiar.  Came for lunch and service was wonderful--kept our breadbowl full and our drinks refilled.  The pita flatbread were great--we kept digging in and nearly had left no room for the ,meal. Tables were a bit small (we had 4 people).  We had to be efficient in stacking our food. The group ordered the combo appetizer which is good when you cant' decide which one you want.  Four people is a good number for this; you can split the 2 dolma and falalfel balls(?) in halves for the group to share. The wraps are good if you don't want to deal with utensils..just peel the foil and start eating.  I got the lamb shish kebab meal which was good--didn't leap out, but nothing wrong either. So, good atmosphere, good service, and good Mediterranean food.
Anatolian Kitchen is a favorite stop for one of my groups of friends, and I've tagged along with them a few times over the years. In the past we sat outside because we hadn't made reservations, so when we decided to hit up the spot again last week, I requested we make a reservation indoors so I could get a true feel for the dining experience. We were seated in a cute little demi-booth and enjoyed the flat bread and garlicky olive oil dip. As we considered the menu, we each ordered a mug of piping hot mint tea, which was perfect for such a chilly evening. I'd ordered the Doner Kabob previously, and though I liked it, I wanted to try something new. This time I opted for Alexander's Favorite. Interestingly, the flavors of the dish reminded me of pasta with meat sauce, which is tasty, but not necessarily what I expected. In this case, cubes of bread are topped with a house-made marinara and sliced ground meat (perhaps the same meat as the doner kabob). The side of yogurt sauce was exquisite, and definitely added something special to the dish, bringing it beyond its Italian counterpart. I thought it was quite yummy, and the portion was very generous. Overall, I liked the dish, but I think next time I might try something new again! Service was stellar throughout the evening, with constant attention from our waiter and other servers to our bread, water, and tea.
2.5 stars.  Not too impressed.  Neither my fiance nor I much cared for our food and I thought it was pretty pricey for what it is.    The service left a lot to be desired too. We started with the dolma ($6.50) and hummus ($6).   They also brought out a basket of pita bread and (great) olive oil.   The pita bread was unusual, it was very thin tortillas instead of the normal thick, fluffy pita bread.  It was good though and definitely an interesting change of pace.  The appetizers were decidedly mediocre.  The dolma was a very small portion for almost $7 and was just 4 very skinny, small dolma.  I didn't think they had a great flavor either.   The hummus was alright, it tasted a lot like grocery store hummus.   We've been spoiled by Oren's amazing hummus though. For entrees my fiance had the Iskender (Alexander's Favorite) ($16.95) which is ground lamb and beef, layered over bread crumbs in a tomato sauce with a huge helping of Greek yogurt (seriously, half the plate was yogurt).  He didn't really care for it.   I had the veggie manti ($12.95).  These were small, not very good spinach (?) raviolis, also drowning in Greek yogurt.    I like Greek yogurt in sauces, but this was pretty much just stand alone yogurt and the flavor was overwhelming.   I suppose its partly our fault for branching out and trying things we've never heard of, but they were both big misses.  I guess we should have stuck with kebabs or something.   I don't know much about Turkish food and may not be a huge fan of it, so I will give them the benefit of the doubt on the entrees, but I didn't think they did a great job on the Mediterranean/Middle Eastern dishes.  There are a lot of better Med. places in Palo Alto, so unless you are specifically looking for Turkish food, I would go elsewhere. The service was also pretty poor.   It took a long time to get the food and then get our bill.  We asked for more olive oil for our bread and never got it.
Was in Palo Alto for business and found Anatolian Kitchen on my trusty Yelp!  App' and couldn't have been happier.  I was seated promptly, my food was delicious, service was great, and I even took a baklava to go. I ordered the yogurt with dill/garlic and the marinated lamb/beef lunch skewers. Almost as good as Carousel in Glendale, CA!
Had dinner with my daughter and my brother. He never tried this food before. His food was gone before my daughter and I even finished our 2nd piece of meat. Food was so awesomeful tasty! My brother had the chicken skewers, daughter had the lamb platter, I had the beef patties...can we have more please? That was better than yummy!
Excellent food. We had Masuka and salmon grilled. They exceeded our expectations and nice place to sit outside. We love to come back to try different items on the menu.
A decent Mediterranean restaurant located off of California Ave. My friend and I knew we wanted this type of cuisine so I looked on Yelp for a place with good reviews and this was the first place to pop up. I made a reservation for noon on a Wednesday since I know the area can get busy for lunch, but it was not needed as more than half the place was still empty. We were seated right away and the service was quick and friendly. I ordered the lamb shish kebab. It was good, but also not anything amazing. I would definitely go back and probably try something else on their menu.
Great Turkish restaurant! We had the Turkish wine and beer, the vegetarian manti (yummy!) and the Turlu. Great service and fast to get the good too. Will visit again!
Cute space... very warm vibe. The server was a riot... very personable, jumping into our conversation occasionally to make a joke, but wasn't offensive in the slightest.  He had some good recommendations for us, too. The appetizer sampler is optimal for 2 people. Doner was melt-in-your-mouth great. The coffee was not my favorite, though.
Was looking for something healthy aka not deep fried or drenched in oil. Thought mediterranean would be a good choice. Heres what I got: Combo appetizer dish: Pretty good and flavorful. A good medley of yogurts, hummus, falafel, meat wrapped in grape leaves, beans, olives. Alexander's favorite: aka Iskander Kebab. It wasn't what i was expecting. Basically just yogurt  with a kebab meat covered in a tomato sauce. While it was good, it got boring real fast and i got tired of it.
Sea bass, Sea bass, Sea bass!! This place serves some excellent fish. It was sinfully tender and incredibly flavorful. In general I'm always eyeing what other people have at the table, and wondering whether it's better than what I ordered.This time, my sea-bass was so good, I completely forgot to ask after what everyone else was having or whether it was any good. It was a rare moment. The outside seating is adorable, and they have dramatic heating lamps to keep you warm on a brisk night. I'm not sure how good the other dishes are, but get the seabass if you want a top-notch meal.
I've been hear twice for dinner, and enjoyed my experience both times. i can't wait to come back again. Food: We shared a hummus plate (appetizer) and chicken kebabs (main dish). The kebabs were great and sufficient for sharing. The hummus was okay. I highly recommend the kebabs. Try a different appetizer, though. In addition to what you order, they also serve bread at the table. The dipping sauce for the bread is delicious! A highlight for sure. Ambiance: The restaurant is dark and cozy. A great place for a date or catching up with a close friend. Service: We were waited on right away, so no complaints here.
I liked the autmosphere, service was fine. The food however was really salty; everything I ordered, from the hummas to my lamb/beef plate (Alexander's Favorite). I was so distracted by the amount of salt in the food that I could barely enjoy my dishes. I've never had hummus that salty before. Okay enough of that. But honestly I don't really have much to say besides that though. If you plan to try this place out its best to make reservations because it gets pretty full during prime dining hours.
Been here twice and have been really impressed both times. The most recent time, we arrived 20 minutes late for our reservation and the restaurant had (understandably) given away our table. It was a chilly night, but the manager said we could sit outside and he would bring over some heat lamps if we wanted. We did that, and as soon as we sat down, he brought us free soup to warm us up. We ordered the combination appetizer, and I had the chicken shish as my entree. The food is really great, although a bit pricey, but the portions are pretty big. Service is fantastic.
Nice place, but the food is not above average. For somebody who is familiar with real Mediterranean kitchen, than was real disappointment. None of members of our party was particularly excited with the food, and the common summary was that we will unlikely to visit the place again.
This place is beyond good.  Moussaka.falafel.cacik I visit or get take out once a week. The food is fresh, service great what more can I say!
My top choice in the Bay area! Worth the trip there, their food is oh so delicious. Authentic too! I have been there several times (~10) and each time left equally satisfied. Alexander's favorite on the menu happens to be my favorite too - but the burek offered on weekends is delicious too! Finish it off with nice Turkish-prepared coffee and baklava :) Ps: Easy parking around there!
Awesome find. I was doing my random shopping at the Stanford Mall this past weekend and got a sudden need to devour something yummy. Found this place and it hit the spot. My first experience of Turkish food led me back to college and this place brought me back to that first delicious taste of Iskander. The mousaka was also amazing. Can't have Turkish food without ending it with some Turkish coffee and baklava! The service was fast and friendly and the food was fast. I'm not sure I'd drive all the way down to Palo Alto just to eat there but this is for sure a great place to go if you're in the area.
It was Valentine's Night.  They had the room decked out with red heart balloons.  Every lady got a long stemmed rose and everybody a chocolate heart.  Food was great, wine was great. We split the sampler appetizer plate and the sampler mixed grill.  Perfect for the indecisive! Some apps were better than others, but that's why we got the sampler.  Specifically the baba ghanoush was incredible.  Smokey and smooth.  The hummus was good. Dolma was the weak link.  They were soggy and sad.  Platter was served with the best flat bread I have ever had. The combo mixed grill had a ton of stuff.  The chicken was moist and flavorful.  Skewered meats were really good.  The highlight was a really flavorful burger patty like meat product.  Really good. We had a good time overall!  We left with a doggy bag that was enough for lunch the next day.  We were way too full to consider dessert.
I could probably eat Mediterranean (Greek / Turkish / Lebanese, etc) almost all the time. My favorite Mediterranean restaurant in Palo Alto is Evvia. But, the old wallet doesn't really appreciate getting hit with Evvia prices all the time, y'know what I mean? So when I want something more casual, but more comfort food-like, Anatolian Kitchen is where I swing. It's got something for everyone- There are some really flavorful veggie options, the salads are good (I love the Shepherd's salad, a greek salad without cheese basically). Every single entree I've had has been perfect. My favorites are Alexander's, doner/adana plate, the braised lamb shank, the seabass special, and their mousaka is better than Evvia's. For appetizers, the dolma, the tabouleh, the falafel, the piyas, I love them all. They use lemons very liberally, which is my favorite acid! The only things I haven't been the most fond of are the lentil soup, (it's a bit bland), and the manti, which is just a little bit rich for me- little meat dumplings in a creamy yogurt sauce. But everyone else who's ordered manti actually loves it. I also don't love mac and cheese. I've never had dessert here because I'm always too full. The servings are big. I also have never tried brunch, but man do I want to! Other pluses: Great outdoor seating, awesome service, homey decor (dark lighting and Turkish accents everywhere), and full bar!
One of the best, most authentic Mediterranean restaurants in the area.  My wife enjoyed the Vegetarian Panini and I enjoyed their signature dish, Alexander's Favorite. Both were excellent. Service and food were great. Good sized portions. It would be five stars if they had fountain sodas as opposed to by the can. Even though this was our first time there, we will make it a point to go back whenever we are in the area.
I liked the food but can't say that there was anything exceptional about it. I was disappointed by the red lentil soup - it was a creamy soup with the lentils mashed up, rather than a soup with whole lentils which was what I expected.
Cozy, small but warm and friendly restuarant with patio seating as well. Attentive service, and a good selection of appetizers and entrees. Not too different than what you would expect from any mediterranean restuarant. Wine selections are fairly decent, not a huge list. We tried the Turkish wine, but I would skip it next time, it was OK, fairly flat and inspid. The combo platter in the entree is a good choice because you get to try a little of all types. I loved the donner meat and the chicken kabab. Kanafeh for dessert was decent, I have eaten better.. so maybe too harsh in grading here! Overall, this is a good choice for Turkish food
I was in the mood for Mediterranean and found their reviews superior to their competitors and I was not disappointed.  Small dining room but the family-run atmosphere is nice. The bread and olive oil was good and the hummus appetizer was delish!  They cooked the food really quickly.  I had the lamb shank dinner special with veggies and orzo.  It was great if a bit pricey ($26).  The baklava for dessert was excellent.  There is outdoor dining.  I will definitely go back.
I'll keep this simple..... Having travelled to Turkey and eating Turkish food since a young child at Turkish people's homes and at Turkish restaurants, I know good Turkish food when I have it. Anatolian Kitchen is really good Turkish food. First off, Iskander Kebab (I think here it's called Alexander's Favorite on the menu) that is better than what I've had in Istanbul? Yes, please! Second, a huge mug of Turkish mint tea with fresh mint? Mmmm....refill please! Third, homemade Kunefe (Turkish dessert) warm with gooey cheese inside, crispy vermicilli on top and lightly sweetened with syrup????? Love it. Thank you Anatolian Kitchen for a tasty evening of Turkish food. When my food has finally digested I will be back!
My husband and I randomly decided to try a new restaurant on a Tuesday night.  It was a trek to get here on a weekday, but the restaurant and food was worth it! The place is intimate with the dim lighting. If the weather is nice, then people can sit outside under heating lamps. I love the complimentary flatbread and white bread. The herb olive oil  was delicious. We also used the flatbread for the combo appetizer of hummus, tabouleh, babaganoush, dolma, cacik (yogurt with cucumber), falafel, olives, and piyas (white beans). It was a lot of food for $14.50. I was pretty full after eating this, and we didn't receive our entrees yet. I ordered the veggie mousaka ($12.95) which was awesome! My hubby and I loved the flavors. In addition, there were plenty of veggies with the eggplant, zucchini, and potatoes. The bechamel sauce was pretty thick. I originally thought it was cheese. My hubby ordered Alexander's Favorite ($14.95) which had ground lamb and beef over bread cubes and in a tomato sauce and yogurt. He said that the meats were very moist and delicious. He knew why it was considered a favorite and personally recommended by the waiter. Overall, I really enjoyed this restaurant. Great service too! Prices are reasonable for the Turkish food. You can also make a reservation on OpenTable.
As a fan of of Mediterranean food, this is a gem worth venturing for an authentic Turkish meal.  One way to start a good meal is a sampler of the appetizers with falafel, hummus, yogurt with cucumbers, dolma, and an assortment of other delights to wrap the pita bread around.  Surprisingly, the moussaka had a flavorful taste with the tomato-based sauce and was prepared as a cohesive dish to enjoy without any complaints.  All the layers melded together in harmony.  Although I didn't try their dondurma ice cream, I'll be sure to come back for their lamb shank and other desserts. Service is fast and friendly.  The decor and ambiance is dimly lit with wooden tables and simple fixtures that provides a clean and cozy feel to your dining experience.  Parking is ample in the nearby lot and on the street.
Went here recently with my boyfriend and two other couples and had a great time. The place is pretty small so I am glad someone made a reservation. The atmosphere was really great and we all enjoyed our food. I would say that it's not the best kabob I have ever had but it was good. I had the chicken kabob and my boyfriend had the lamb kabob. I also had a couple of the pomegranate martinis which were the highlight for me. Not a fan of mint in my tea, but that is par for the course in Turkish cuisine so that was my fault.
Looking for a casual but nice spot for a birthday dinner in Palo Alto, we selected Anatolian Kitchen from many well-rated restaurants on Yelp. Anatolian is a cute place, with some outdoor seating and a small bar area, in addition to the somewhat narrow main dinning room. The Turkish music set a great mood. They have a great selection of cocktails, and after much agonizing I had the Sparkling Lemon Fizz, which combines Grey Goose Citron Vodka, organic agave nectar, fresh squeezed lemon juice, and champagne. Tart, but very tasty. As others have said, the complementary flatbread-tortillas were excellent, although I thought the regular bread (which comes with the flatbread) was just OK. In addition, we ordered the Sigara Boregi appetizers (cigar-shaped filo dough pastry, stuffed w/feta cheese, parsley, & deep fried till golden brown), which were crisp and flaky, but kind of salty. For an entree, I had the Combo Grill, which included chicken, lamb and beef kebabs, some kofte (seasoned meat patties), rice and veggies. The kebabs were outstanding -- tender, juicy, nicely seasoned, and perfectly done. The kofte was good too, but paled somewhat beside the kebabs, and the veggies were an overdone mess. I'm actually not sure why I got veggies at all, as the on-line menu says the Combo Grill comes with a salad, not veggies, but honestly the kebabs were so delicious (and generous in size) it wasn't a big deal. The service was very fast and attentive, although our waitress wasn't any help when I asked her opinion about the cocktails ("Everything is good"). All-in-all, I'd rate Anatolian Kitchen a 3.5, but the kebabs and Sparkling Lemon Fizz bump them up to a 4.
The spot vacated by Oaxacan Kitchen last year has been replaced by a much better restaurant, Anatolian Kitchen.  Though the description on Yelp is "Mediterranean", the menu and decor is actually Turkish.  But I stuck to the more general choices on my visits here: -- Falafel plate  ($7.50) beautiful presentation with 5 freshly made falafel balls, hummus, tahini, hot sauce and salad. The falafel had a crunchy shell, but was a little doughy and bland inside. Maybe 6 or 7 on the falafel scale. Hummus was decent and tasted freshly made. 3.5 stars. -- Lentil soup: ($3.50) Very thin and slightly bland. 2.5 stars -- Adana plate: ($10.50)  Spiced ground lamb/beef kabobs similar to koubideh; Most excellent. Included perfect, moist rice and fresh salad. 4.5 stars. -- Doner wrap (gyro): ($8). Came with bread and I've oil dip as a starter. But the wrap itself was on the dry side. Not enough sauce. 3 stars. The overall vibe here really brings it all up a notch. Service is always extremely friendly. The decor is upscale without being stuffy.  Another bonus is the little-known, free parking garage around the corner. I think I've found a new regular lunch spot off Cal Ave.
Great cuisine and friendly staff.  We had gotten there about 15 minutes early as we were waiting for a friend.  As we sampled appetizers, we got into a conversation with one of the staff about our upcoming trip to Turkey.  That completely broke the ice and for the remainder of our time there we had wonderful conversations with a number of people on visiting Turkey.  So, if you want to really engage...then bring up a past or potential future trip. We all thought the food was excellent and some we liked better than others, however, all the food was cooked very well.  Our favorite was Alexanders Favorite.  The Manti (beef ravioli in a yogurt sauce) was good, but a little bland.  Maybe this is what is to be expected of a pasta dish in yogurt.  But, it's authentic and we wanted to try the foods that we would be exposed to in Turkey.  I'd definitely go back for conversation and to eat.
Service was great. Food was okay. Liked the grilled whole seabass, didn't like the baklava.
This place is quite a happening spot on the California Ave side of PA rather than the University side.  I must say that it is nice to be away from all the university ave hustle and bustle. The food was good here. My husband said his ravioli could have been warmer but my chicken kabob was excellent.  Everything we asked for was brought to us and they weren't stingy with the pita/bread which is pretty freekin' awesome and rare these days. My only complaint is that I thought that it took too long for us to get our food. It wasn't too bad because we were just chatting with friends but it doesn't seem like the place to go if you are in a hurry. All in all it's a good find!
What did we order? 1 Combo Appetizer 1 Mousaka 2 Anatolian Coffees How was the taste on a scale from 1 through 5? 4 How was the service on a scale from 1 through 5? 5 Did we feel it was worth the price? Yes Will we visit Anatolian Kitchen in the future? Yes
A nice little Turkish restaurant on a quiet street off Calfornia Ave.  This place seems very popular, always pretty full when we pass by, but just empty enough that we've never had trouble reserving a table. Our last visit was on Sunday evening, and we scored street parking right in front of the restaurant, next to the sidewalk seating.  Though we were a little early for our reservation, we were heartily greeted and seated right away. The service here has always been extremely friendly, if sometimes inattentive.  When the restaurant is full, they do not always have quite enough servers to go around.  That said, all the servers are happy to describe unfamiliar dishes and make recommendations. They have an interesting cocktail list, though it trends toward the sweet and fruity.  They also offer several wines by the glass, including some interesting Turkish selections.  They also have two good Turkish beers ( Efes and Efes Dark ) available. The bread and dip they give you are heavenly ( they insist that those are black sesame seeds on the top of the bread, but they don't taste like much ).  Most of the appetizers are standard and well prepared, at least given our sampler plate's examples. We've unfortunately found the main courses to be variable.  The Lamb Shank ( perpetually on the list of specials, it seems ) was very good, if a bit salty.  The same could be said of Alexander's Favorite ( Iskender ) - nicely flavored but a bit heavy of the salt.  My companion enjoyed the Stuffed Eggplant, but found the Turlu to be bland and boring.  The Manti are wonderful and definitely something to try whether or not you've had them before. Dessert has been kind of disappointing.  They offer ice cream ( the were out, but claimed it was Vanilla and Chocolate the night we were there ) and a rice pudding that is little different from any other American rice pudding out there.  The Baklava looked decent, though we did not order it.  Kunefe - pastry filled with goat cheese and drowned in the same syrup they use for the Baklava was both enjoyable and a little different. We've so far ventured here twice and both times left reasonably happy, if a little overly salted.  They are definitely doing something right.
Don't really remember the exact names of the dishes, but do remember how they look like: 1. The Falafel Appetizer with hummus: Very big, enough to be called a main dish for people who eat average portion or less (+free pitas!). Price was OK, probably a symbolic dish of Anatolian cuisine. I would recommend this. 2. Special Lamb Shank: I've had something better, overall it was below average--the lamb was a bit too tough and the taste was very mediocre. 3. Alexander's Favorite: Good, I liked it, except 50% of the dish was covered by sour cream. I'm not really a healthy eater but that hugh chunk of sour cream just killed my appetite. The other 50%, mainly the sauce and the shredded  beef/lamb was good though. I ended up with untouched sour cream on half of the plate. Overall this is really an OK place, I guess the atmosphere, the price level, and service are all very good, but the food just wasn't exactly what I was expecting.
Very, very good.  The lentil soup: delicious.  The lamb shank in a tomato sauce:  mouth watering.  The rice:  pretty good.  The grilled vegetables (with a touch of garlic and olive oil):  perfectly cooked.  The rice pudding:  great taste, but a little too watery.  I like it a bit more creamy. Great service and atmosphere.
3.5.  Had the chicken kabab, which was flavorful, but somewhat dry/overcooked.  The Iskender was quite tasty, and very generous portion. Also had the babaganoush, which was average. The baklava was good, but again I've had better. Overall solid performance, but not quite as good as other mediterranean restaurants I've had in the peninsula.
My wife and I enjoyed our first dinner visit last week. We didn't have a reservation and they were 'sold out' for the evening, but we were early and the owner seated us. The food and services were excellent.  Ambiance was warm and friendly. Highly recommended.....we'll be back!
Great spot for lunch (and probably diner as well).  Excellent menu with a ton of choices and modest prices.  The Baba Ganoush was amongst the best I've tasted.
So the menu looks pretty amazing, unfortunately I don't eat lamb so that limits my options by a lot. My reason? I don't eat my pets, yea yea I know I have sheep as pets? Weird. Anyways the place has a great vibe to it. Good food. The serving size is pretty darn big and I got extremely full by the end of my meal. My cousin ordered the yogurt drink and I have to say it is something that needs an acquired taste. I wouldn't recommend it.
Good food, good prices. This place is really cute & cozy and the service is wonderful.  A drawback is the high drink prices for just an 'okay-tasting' cocktail. I may return again, but I am tempted to check out some of the nearby restaurants first.
Outdoor seating, fresh lemonade, beets, feta, bitter greens... Anatolian Kitchen hit the spot. We polished off braised lamb shank with tomato, red pepper, and eggplant. Demolished dolmas, kebabs, hummus, and baklava. The sun set, the food was eaten, we left satisfied. Win.
This is a very good Mediterranean place, where you can find nice items. You get pita bread with dip, which is very pleasant. I recommend the combo appetizer, which can very easily be shared. Regarding meal, I had the moussaka, it was tasty, and kebab looked good, too. And a lot of items comes with great vegetable sides. Service was good, friendly. Venue recommended!
This place is awesome. Alexander's favorite is def. a must try. i also took pita with balsamic olive oil dipping as starter. Mousaka is meaty, cheesy but not greasy at all!!!!! I especially enjoy the yogurt served with alexader's favorite!!!!!! Will come back SOON!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Best Turkish food I've ever had. It's been a while since I've written a Yelp review. Anatolian Kitchen is taking me out of my Yelping hibernation. We began the meal with excellent flatbread served with an olive oil/balsamic/garlic/spice dip. We selected the borek of the day (spinach) for out appetizer and were pleased. It was served with yogurt and fresh fruit. The manti (small spiced meat dumplings in a yogurt sauce) were pretty good. The star of the meal was definitely the lamb shank special. It was very clear that the lamb had been slow cooked for a very long time because even the cartilage was soft and delicious. The meat fell off the bone, was moist and tender, and worked perfectly with the sauce. The flavors in the tomato-based sauce included perfectly roasted eggplant and peppers. It was served with orzo. David and I devoured this dish while leaving some of the manti because, though it was good, it simply did not measure up to the lamb shank. We also tried the yogurt drink. It was creamy and refreshing but too large for even two people. We ended the meal with baklava. It was still warm from the oven, full of pistachios, and moist with a syrup that, thankfully, was not overwhelmingly sweet. The service was very good. The waiters were friendly and clearly took pride in the food when it was complimented. Hopefully, the lamb shank is a frequent special and not just a one time dish. We also noticed a lovely whole fish ordered by another table. We will definitely be returning to this new restaurant in Palo Alto.
Overall great food, probably one of the better Turkish restaurants in the bay area.  Make reservations as this place is small and gets packed.  On a Friday night, we had about 7 people with reservations and ended up waiting over 30 minutes.  That said, it was well worth the wait.
The complimentary tortillas (er.. flat bread?) were amazing! They were super fresh and chewy, and I consumed 2 baskets on my own. I just wish they had Donner Wraps for dinner too. Traditional Turkish Pasta: was pretty good, filled with lamb and covered in white sauce. Lamb Satay: the manager's "favorite". It was good and comes with 2 good scoops of rice. It was tasty and alot more moist than I expected, but very gamey. Sea Bass Special: This was cooked perfectly, but I felt it was under seasoned and I wasn't a big fan of the salsa. Perhaps I drown my taste buds in salt too often? This place has a couple tables and a heat lamp outside, plenty of tables inside good for groups. Reservations available on http://Opentable.com but you probably wouldn't need them on a weekday. I'm typically not a fan of Turkish food but I feel like the food was fresh, executed well, and the service and venue were superb. Thanks Anatolian Kitchen for not kicking me out after hogging a table for THREE hours!
Went here for our anniversary. It was a weekday and busy time so picked a neighborhood joint. Decided to give the california ave downtown area a try since we always end up going to university ave. We stayed away from the common stuff like falafel, Babaganoush etc., trying to go for some authentic Turkish stuff. The sigara boregi was excellent. The piyas was a bit too lemony for my liking and even otherwise, lacked the it factor. For main course we had the veggie manti and veggie moussaka. The moussaka was good and it came with some tasty buttery rice. A lot of places don't even offer veggie moussaka so this was great from the standpoint of us veggies. The manti and the sauce it came in were both disappointing, after reading all the great things in reviews here. Manti is kind of like a gnocchi so the fact that it was too dense can perhaps be excused, but we couldn't taste or see any filling. And the "sauce" this dish came in seemed like just plain yogurt. the dish was like eating dense balls of dough in plain salted yogurt. All in all, nothing much to write home about for vegetarians. I won't be itching to go back here any time soon though might give it another chance in a year or two.
soup sample while waiting -- nice touch Turkish menu with mediterranean items, can't be seated until entire party present shared: iskender kebab, chicken shish kebab, manti, beet salad, cacik, baklava overall, it was ok, but having had amazing iskender in the Turkish area of Berlin, well it didn't reach that level with this dish sauce.  chicken grilled nicely.  manti with yogurt could use more spice and pepper, beet salad fresh and good.  homemade baklava.
Anatolian Kitchen is absolutely amazing. I've been here a few times, but the most memorable visit was on New Year's Eve. I went here with a big group, and we ordered a bunch of entrees and shared. We ordered the Combo Appetizer, the Adana Kabob, the Chicken Kabob, Alexander's Favorite (Iskender), the Vegetarian Mousaka, and the Chilean Seabass special. Everything -- including the chicken -- tasted and looked amazing. What's more was that the service was fantastic. They were attentive, friendly, and very knowledgeable about the entrees. They took time to advise us about the menu and made us feel right at home. Anatolian Kitchen has the best Turkish food in the area (and this is after returning from a long trip to Turkey and being VERY disappointed with other Turkish restaurants in the area). Other comments: -- Restaurant is semi-upscale and elegant. Suitable for an occasion: a birthday, date, anniversary, etc. -- Call ahead and make a reservation. The restaurant is pretty small and fills up quickly.
I met up with my book club on a Sunday afternoon.  We had reservations but it was pretty empty, until about 1.  We had the appetizer combo, veggie moussaka, chicken shish kebabs and the combo meat platter.  There were 4 of us and we devoured almost everything. I didn't try anything with lamb in it, but the chicken and the moussaka were great.  The appetizer combo had a nice mix of items that went well with the bread and olive and olive oil dip that came with the meal. Service was friendly and quick.  I'd eat here again the next time I'm in the mood for Mediterranean.
This place is a nice new addition to the cali ave area of Palo Alto, and they are opened fairly late which is a plus, since I am always getting out of yoga class around 830 or 9. I have been here a couple times and have had the lentil soup which is tasty.  Dolma, Hummus and Appetizer plate.  I have also had one of the eggplant dishes.  All of the items were very good and reasonably priced.  The Turkish tea is great and I love the outdoor seating, Staff is very accommodating and friendly.  I would come back :)
Service was good, but hummus and entrees didn't quite meet our expectations. Update: I've been back twice since my initial review. The second time, my entree was again rather average, but the owner, to his credit, heard from the waitress and handed me back $15 as an apology b/c they were "working on" the dish I ordered. I appreciate the gesture very much, but wouldn't it make sense to remove from the menu a dish you're not 100% proud of and settled on? Returned again with the parents a few weeks ago. Again, the food was good but not great--particularly for the price. Service was fine, but unremarkable. That's three tries, so I really doubt I'll be back. It's a bummer, too, b/c I live very, very close and the rest of the reviews seem so uniformly positive. Guess I'm the weirdo.
Lovely place with friendly service. Service can be slow, despite being a small restaurant, and the food was good but not out-of-this-world amazing. It's pricey for what it is but I would definitely come back! I tried the Yelp favorites: the lamb shank special ($24... seriously not worth it, but my friend loved this dish), Alexander's favorite (the table winner), the chicken kebab (not bad at all), and the veggie moussake (my fave!). Most dishes are probably around $15, except for the specials (see above!).  The flatbread and bread that comes out with the dip in the beginning is fantastic, and they happily refill your bread basket. I would definitely recommend coming here. Also, it seemed like a popular date place...
Happened to be in the Palo Alto area and traffic on 101 was crazy so my husband and I decided to stick around for dinner. We decided to try something new along California Ave and stumbled upon Anatolian Kitchen after looking up what was nearby on Yelp. We ordered: Combo appetizer with a side of doner - I really enjoyed most of the things on the plate. I could have lived without the dolma, which I've actually never really liked from anywhere and I thought the falafel was a bit bland. I usually like falafel with lots of parsley in the mix. Next time I might just ask them to double up on the babaganoush and/or cacik. I just love anything I can eat spread on pita. YUM! I had piyas for the first time here and I thought it was really tasty, but I probably wouldn't know any better since it was my first time. The side of doner was actually a really generous portion and I probably could have made a meal out of just that and the pita they provided and some cacik. The meat was flavorful and wasn't dry like I've had at some other places. Alexander's favorite - It was basically doner meat over breadcrumbs with tomato sauce over it and a side of yogurt.  I definitely enjoyed it, but had I realized they used doner meat (descriptions were a little vague) I would have tried their lamb shank just so that we could have a better idea of how well they cook their meats.  Overall, this dish was tasty and satisfying with a hearty portion that we were able to take home leftovers. Breads - Pita was thin and fluffy different from pitas I've had in the past and they also provided a couple slices of a dense bread that was good with the oil and vinegar dip. The service was really friendly and attentive. I would definitely come back for another meal.
Just hit this place up with my co-worker today. I had the Moussaska and my buddy had the Stuffed Eggplant. Both were delicious! Although I have to say I liked the Stuffed Eggplant a bit better :-) It was a nice day and they have outdoor seating in the font. Not a bad way to pass the time on a Friday afternoon. For some reason a nice warm afternoon goes hand-in-hand with an nice cold Effes Pilsner ;-) Will definitely be back to try some more of the dishes.
Best moussaka I've had. Delicious! The s.boregi and the kunefe were also good but not as strong as I've had at other places.
I tried the moussaka and it was good. I was not thrilled with the Turkish white wine though.
I love this Turkish place. The food is delicious, and at an awesome price. I sorta doubt that the sea bass special is actually sea bass (and not really a "special" because it had been listed everytime I've been there), but regardless, it is super moist and delicious. The preserved lemon that is stuffed inside is quite nice. There hasn't been anything that I've gotten that I didn't like (adana kebab, doner kebab, alexander's favorite, grilled salmon). It is a little cramped inside, and I hate sitting near the back because it is near the restroom and crowded near the exit of the kitchen area. Side of rice and grilled veges are also yummy
GV chose this place to celebrate his belated bday. AMBIANCE: Anatolian Kitchen took over the space after Oaxaca Kitchen vacated. The restaurant is on the small side, with the majority of floorspace taken over by the kitchen. This leaves a small rectangular hallway for seating, which is pushed up against the wall. We were seated at the very end of the hallway, where it was extremely dim. I had the unlucky fortune of being RIGHT next to the bathroom. Not pleasant. SERVICE: Our waitress was friendly, but pretty aggressive in making entree suggestions-- Look lady, all I want is the soup. I don't need you getting in my face and telling me what else to order. She was the only waitress working the restaurant, along with the owner and busboy, so I forgive her scatterbrained-ness. It took FOREVER to flag her down so we could pay the bill. She forgot to charge us for an item, so we just included it in the tip. FOOD: Everyone seemed to enjoy themselves for the most part, except for EL haha. EL ordered Alexander's Favorite; the amount of yogurt present in that dish shocked him I think. Add that to the price tag ($13) and I'm pretty sure he was the unhappiest person at the table. - Lentil soup, bowl ($5): piping hot and pretty yum. I wasn't very hungry that day, and after being given a sample of the soup (in a teacup!) I decided it would suffice. I liked the slight mint (fresh mint, not toothpaste/mouthwash mint) flavor and thought the dish was a good blend of refreshing and filling. - Mousaka ($13): J ordered this and I sampled. Very rich, this dish was like the Mediterranean version of Shepard's Pie. I definitely would not be able to finish this on my own. - Bakalava: Bday boy was treated to 2 slices of bakalava on the house. From the small bite I sampled, this was very good. Fresh, crispy and not too sweet. OVERALL: Better than Oaxaca Kitchen (but that's not saying much), quality-wise better than Mediterranean Wraps, but pricier. I'm glad I tried Anatolian Kitchen, but seeing as I don't eat Mediterranean food very often, I don't really see myself returning.
I enjoyed this restaurant and was clearly impressed at how hard the owner was working to keep his diners happy and well fed.  My part of 6 was seated easily at 6 PM on a Sunday night, but it started to really get busy around 7 PM, looked like all the tables were full including some out front on their sidewalk seating. We decided to go 'family style', and managed to get the whole table fed on two small mezze's of hummus and baba ghanoush, served with their home made pita bread- very fresh.  These were very good, but not huge portions of each.  As for entrees, we split a combo of shish kebab  (lamb, gyro, chicken), a chicken grill and one vegetarian entree.  This served 5 of us well, the sixth in the party decided to go it alone, ordering the lamb shank, but said it was wonderful. There isn't a full bar, but there are several delightful cocktails. I recommend the Lemon fizz and the cucumber martini. Perfect on a warm Indian summer night Our waitress was very attentive and a good server overall.  It seemed rather dimly lit as the evening wore on, that would be my only complaint. I'd definitely go back.
Cute little place. We ate here for lunch and got a table outside so we could enjoy the nice weather. I enjoyed the bread/pita with the dip that comes complimentary. We also got the sigara boregi, which is feta cheese in a phyllo eggroll type thing. This was good too. I ordered the doner gyro wrap, which was decent but i've definitely experienced better ones at other places. The ingredients seemed nice and fresh with mixed greens and tomatoes inside of the wrap, but the meat itself (beef and lamb) were on the dry side to me.  Nothing impressive here. My boyfriend got the Alexander's Favorite, which he thought was really good.  I preferred this one over another one we had at a Mediterranean restaurant in Mountain View, because this wasn't as greasy and buttery. Overall, nice restaurant with good service.  I'll probably try something other than the doner wrap next time.
Thank you Yelpers for a great restaurant!  After reading all the reviews, I decided to try this one out.  We came here with a large group of 14 people on a Sunday afternoon.  We were seated right away and immediately the water was being poured and we were given menus. The service was really outstanding.  We must have had at least 3 or 4 servers in addition to the manager that kept checking in on us.  Here's an example of how good the service was:  we had two babies with us....one of the babies was playing with a spoon, and when it dropped, one of the waiters heard it clatter to the floor, and came up to us saying, "did someone need a new spoon?"   Seriously, it doesn't get any better than that. The food...served beautifully and tasted even better than it looked!  The fresh bread kept coming, warm and melt-in-your-mouth delicious. I have to say, the whole establishment surprised me.  You could easily drive by this place and never stop.  It's small, but not too small.    I'm telling you YELPERS...YOU NEED TO STOP HERE!  I can't wait to come back to try some other delicious dishes!
Want to grab an early sit down dinner at other than a major chain? AK is open at 4:15PM.  Sweet, perfect to make our 5:20 movie date. Super warm service and they have alfresco dining!  Impressive have fresh homemade lavash.  The olive oil dip with olives and vinegar was a nice touch. We ordered: -Mediterrean Salad, mixed greens, tomatos, feta, pome juice & EVOO, simple & fresh, but lacked some texture, prob b/c they forgot to throw in the walnuts listed in the menu, $7 -Falafel plate, falafels, salad & hummus, huge platter of chickpea goodness, $8.50 -Manti, itty bitty little bundles of ravioli, more like dumplings, filled w/a bits of meat and then covered in yogurt.  I LOVED.  So soul satisfying and different. -Combo grill, donor kebab, lamb/chicken shish, rice & veggies.  All meat was seasoned right and tender, but I didn't like the rice and veggies, I tasted butter, it's just not right with this region's food. Next time I will ask for some kind of hot sauce.   Good stuff and really reasonable prices.
The lentil soup is astonishingly good. It's thin, not the thick stew I expected, and the seasoning is out of this world. The appetizer plate is a great deal and large enough to share for lunch, but the falafel was good enough that i might opt for the falafel wrap or plate next time. The moussaka was also excellent. Service was slightly slow, but so kind. On a rainy day when the restaurant was full, they let us move half-way through from an outside to inside table. Really looking forward to returning.
I'm not a big fan of Meditterean food so I'm probably not the best to ask for recommendations. However, this place is pretty delicious. It also helps when you have a Groupon coupon to use :) Ordered the stuffed eggplant and doner wrap. The stuffed eggplant was smaller than I thought it would be but it was pretty good. The doner wrap was delicious! Flavorful in every single bite. Definitely one of the better tasting wraps I've had in a while. Service is very friendly and you feel right at home in this cozy environment. Went during lunch on a weekend and it was pretty empty so no wait time involved either.
Really 3.5 stars rounded up. Decent food with pockets of excellence. The baba was less eggplanty and more garlicy than it should have been. The hummus was ok. Falafel was subpar. Dolma was average as was the tabouleh. The bread, piyas and cacik were all better than average. Excellent items include the anatolian salad, ayran (yogurt drink) and side of doner. Also very tasty were the anatolian (turkish) coffee and baklava. Service was decent and friendly.
Anatolian Kitchen is a welcome addition to the list of Palo Alto restaurants, which seems to be dominated by Italian food. Being near California Ave, the "real" downtown, is an asset. This area is much quieter, and traffic and parking is typically much better. But if more places like this keep popping up around here, this may just change. I love Mediterranean food, and Turkish food especially since I took a trip to Turkey in 2011. With Mediterranean restaurants it's often difficult to tell where exactly the proprietors are from, and you don't really know what style of food to expect. There are differences between each country, region and ethnic group. There are a lot of generic Mediterranean places serving the standard array of kebobs, shewarma, felafel, etc... Not that these are bad dishes, but it's good to try other things. Anatolian Kitchen - the name gives it away immediately - offers a variety of Turkish dishes. The meat is definitely good, and you can see the doners spinning slowly from the dining area. For something other than 'meat on a stick,' give the Manti (ravioli) a try, as well as some of the vegetable-based dishes, like the Mousaka. The combo appetizer platter is good, but sadly doesn't come close to the assortment of meze you can find in Turkey. Overall the food is great and as authentic Turkish as I've had in the US. I can't wait to visit them again. Make a reservation if you can - the restaurant isn't that big.
This restaurant has good potential but it needs to fix a few things in order to be really special. The menu items looked great.  I wanted to order the moussaka but this dish could be a hit or miss.  And if it's a miss, it's usually a big one.  My husband is Greek and I've had the best moussaka (homemade) in Greece so I didn't want to chance being disappointed. So, I decided to order the lamb shish kebab and my husband ordered the manti. I liked the fresh bread basket that came before our entrees.  It was filled with lavash and this wonderful round Turkish bread.  We were disappointed that the bread came with butter.  Why not the more traditionally spicy olive dip (Baharatli Zeytinyagi) served in other Turkish restaurants? My shish kebab was tasty.  The meat was seasoned and cooked perfectly.  My husband's manti was OK.  It was little bit bland but this might just be the nature of the dish because it's basically white yogurt sauce over raviolis. However, I did not care for the sides.  The vegetables were mostly carrots and drenched in oil. Now for the worst thing...the rice. The rice was NOT pilaf.  I love pilaf but this tasted like sticky/soggy Asian style "fried" rice. It even had bits of vegetables in it.  I saw them taking it out of what looked like an Asian rice cooker. We were put off my the rice and the fact that these two mediocre side dishes came with every entree.  Can't they be a little more creative? An OK restaurant but it could be much better if they paid more attention to detail.
Food and service are both good.
Perfect restaurant for a chilly Sunday evening when we weren't in the mood to cook.  Food was tasty, service very attentive and friendly and prices reasonable...what's not to like? As soon as we sat down we were greeted with small cups of warm lentil soup (perfect to warm up a bit) and the delicious Turkish bread / Lavash that others have mentioned. The menu figures heavily on traditional beef/ lamb combinations, however when I mentioned I didn't eat lamb, they did offer an "off-menu" vegetarian manti dish.  (I could have also gone with the chicken kebab or another vegetarian option).  The vegetarian manti was great though...very flavorful and with fresh yogurt on top.  The bhaklava was also good- not too sweet like others I've had. Overall this is the sort of local, family business that you root for...offering friendly service, good food and a reliable neighborhood "go-to" spot.
Very reasonable prices for very high quality mediterranean food. I had the lamb shish kebab, which had very tender and tasty lamb, with a wonderful sauce. One of the best restaurants in the California ave business district, for sure.
For those who haven't been, Anatolin is on Birch Street, a narrow side street off California.  As such there isn't much foot traffic in the area.   Even so all the tables were occupied, inside and out (ok fine, it has been a California winter). Clearly worth the trip.  Plus they have beer on tap.
I've had Mediterranean food before, tho mostly kebabs, falafel, etc stuff. I ordered the Manti coz I didn't know what it's like and a lot of people mentioned it here. MEH...i'd rather been eating wontons or dumplings. The taste was pretty bland (I mixed some of the olive oil vinegar dip for the lavash with the yogurt sauce to give it a kick) and it's like a 10:1 pasta to filling ratio. Maybe that's how it's supposed to be since the waitress said that a lot of the Turkish natives order this dish. I guess it's just not my thing. Portion's a bit small than expected, but really nice area, nice ambiance, a cute place really. Beer's reasonably priced :)
PROS: Food was really good. Service was friendly and wanting to help. Location was nice as was the outdoor seating. Great value for the price as portions were of good size. CONS: Service was slow. I had to chase down our server twice and the restaurant wasnt that busy for 3 servers. Those of us seated outside were inundated by bees. Not the restaurants fault but it did take away from our enjoyment. We'll go back for the food but not for the speed of service..
Yum!  Had dinner here last night with some friends.  Shared the combo appetizer platter- aside from the dolma, which I thought was under seasoned, everything else on the platter was delicious.  And they give unlimited and yummy pita and bread. I had Alexander's favorite (Iskender) - Doner meat with tomato sauce and yogurt.  Meat was good, yogurt was delicious. My SO had another meat dish (forget what it was called), also in a tomato-based sauce.  it was yummy. I also tried the veggie manti, which wasn't my favorite since it was pretty doughy.  But again the yogurt sauce was good. Hot tea is delicious, service was good.  Overall, not perfect, but it definitely goes on the list of good places to eat in Palo Alto. (p.s. I'm a little scared that Greek and Turkish people will both hate me for this, but the food is kindof similar in some ways so I'm comparing this a bit with Evvia, where we ate earlier this week.  Overall, I'd say this was much less pretentious, less expensive, better service, tastier food. Please don't shoot.)
I really didn't like this restaurant. My friend and I went there on a Monday night, and the restaurant was only half full. Yet, despite this, it took forever for them to take our order. My friend and I were about to go somewhere else, but I think they heard us. The wait for the meal was a bit long, about 30 minutes. I got the combo platter and some falafels, and they were okay. The falafels were so deep fried that they had a very hard crust, and the meat wasn't super tender. For such sub-par service and mediocre food, this place is also too expensive. We got Iced Teas, Falafels, a Salad, and the Combo Platter, which came out to be about $45.
overall, solid 4 stars. .. nicely located by California Avenue, especially if you feel like walking around. .. lots of work peoples there for lunch on weekdays. .. + :  freshness of food. .. lovely and healthily prepared meals. .. good service. .. decent pricing. .. love the appetizers. .. hummus, Mm. .. tabouleh, real fresh. .. babaganoush - delish. .. cacik - good. .. dolma - ok. .. falafel - mMm. .. olives - Mmm. .. even the piyas - pretty good - which i'm normally not a fan of white beans. .. the Mousaka was heavenly. .. and to finish, loved the strong Turkish tea with several fresh mint leaves floating and of course, paired with baklava. .. ;) - :  funky toilet. .. would definitely be visiting again and trying lotsa other stuff. .. ;)
I dont know Turkish food but I know what I like and this was excellent.  Came here with the fam, and we had the Alexander's special, the Manti, and the ribeye kebab.  all delicious.  Plus the Chajik with our bread.  Did I mention everything was delicious? So tasty, and so fresh, So thrilled that we had three desserts, too!  rice pudding, profiteroles, and Kenefe.  There was a young Turkish man sitting next to us, who admired our Kenefe, telling us about how even in Turkey its hard to find good Kenefe, especially outside of Southern Turkey.. We sat outside as the sun was setting, the tables were packed in, which made for fun conversations with our neighbors the Turkish gentleman on one side and a multi-generational family on the other. Sitting outside on a nice summer night, I could almost imagine being on a busy street somewhere more exotic and Mediterranean.  Definitely will be back.
Small place but big heart! Dino (formerly at Piacere in San Carlos) did a great job with the place and the Mediterranean food is very good. Had one of the best lamb kebab in ages!
I ate here right after they opened and liked it, but wasn't overly impressed.  I would say the same today, after my second visit.  I had a shepherd's salad.  It was good, but not in any extraordinary way.  Followed it with the flatbread stuffed with beef and feta with herbs.  They weren't very clear, and I thought if I opted for beef that meant I just got beef.  Actually I got a couple of beef stuffed ones and 4 feta and herb stuffed ones.  They were a tad greasy, and I'm just not a big feta fan, so If I'd know it was this feta-centric, I'd probably not have ordered it. My sis had the Turlu, which was a veg stew with eggplant, green beans, peppers, onions and potatoes.  The veggies were fresh and looked lovely, but the dish was quite bland and lacked salt.  My sis ordered the profiteroles for dessert and I tasted.  One order (for $5) included 4 minitures and a not totally chocolatey sauce. Our waittress was extremely charming and serviced the table perfectly.  It was kind of loud for conversation, although we somehow managed to talk almost nonstop anyway. 2 entrees, 1 salad, 1 dessert, 1 iced tea + tip=$40 Summing it up: Food:  26/40 Service 18/20 antmosphere/ facility 14/20 (only 1, 1 seater bathroom for the whole place!  Not enough Value/intangibles:  13/20 Overall:  71/100 = C= 3 stars
3.5 stars actually. I get my haircut nearby, and had always meant to try the Oaxacan restaurant when... Read more 
A really really great Mediterranean restaurant right in Palo Alto. This place is small in size, but huge on flavor and service. Set: Palo Alto, off of California. Across from the Nut House, but you would think you were beemed to a more fantastic location, once you arrive. Setting: Intimate, cozy. Food: Incredible. A ton of awesome vegetarian options. Some of the dishes looked a little rich, but the hummus is amazing, and the falafel plate was scrumptuous. I had a chicken wrap last time, and that was superb as well. All 7 of my lunchmates raved about their food yesterday, so this garners a definite thumbs up. It's a little gem you should go discover!
Wow, I was really surprised by this place.  I was helping my old boss with some work, and he decided to treat me to dinner.  We were in Palo Alto, so I just yelped Mediterranean food since that's what he wanted to eat, and this place showed up with 4.5 stars, so off we go!  Called in at 7:50, got a reservation for 8:15, and got seated immediately when we showed up!  Already a thumbs up. From the outside, I was already surprised.  This place looks very cozy and quaint, just my style.  We walked in, even more surprised with the cozy small atmosphere, with the funny little fake candles.  The servers were also very attentive and informative.  Already up to 5 stars. We ordered the combo appetizer to share, and I ordered the Ribeye Shish.    Combo appetizer was very good, though I only tried about half the things on the plate.  The falafel and the hummus were what I remember the best, both were delicious.  For my dish, it was basically a huge plate of fries with two kabobs of steak and bell peppers, with two little dishes of sauce, one was ketchup, the other was some.. yogurt thing.  Steak was cooked perfectly, I just gobbled it down, fries were also good.  We also had some wine, but the name was too complicated for me to remember (oops). Overall, good service, good food, good location, good ambiance. 5/5.
My husband and I just had a very relaxing Sunday dinner here. We had the two dinner specials which were the whole roasted sea bass and lamb shank. Both were outstanding as was the service. The place is very romantic and cozy. We will definitely be back!
A solid 4 star. Now, I don't know the different between Central/East Turkish cuisine (Anatolia) vs Southern Turkish food but I do know good food when I eat it and this is good food. The outside is pretty unassuming but it is nicer when you get in. Nice warm colors and cozy, I like the pillows. Had the Boregi as the appetizer which looks like a cigar and very tasty. I wanted to order something I had never had before and asked for the Gozleme which was like a flat bread with fillings.  The waiter said that it takes too long to make and they did not have it for lunch. It made me want it even more but had to settle for the Donner wrap. This was good too and the meat was very flavorful and tender. For dessert, got the Kenefe which was very good and light! For those of you who have had it before, you must be surprised to hear that it was light. All the other times I have had it, I have enjoyed it but needed extra help to get up and had a big sugar crash a few hours later.
This place is awesome! Reminds me of my trips to Turkey, including the *slightly* overbearing waiters and the really dark restaurants.  My guy and I went here for a dinner on a Sunday night.  We got an order of hummus for a starter (every table gets bread and pita, so don't expect more just because you get hummus, though they will refill your basket).  The hummus was good and the olive oil on top was perfect.  For my entree,  I got the Kofte, which were seasoned and cooked perfectly. Perfectly.  It came with a side of rice and grilled veggies, both of which were great.  My guy ordered the Manti, which was delicious (I tried a bunch...).  We split an order of the baklava, which was wonderfully moist and perfect and just like what I had when I was in Turkey. As I said, the waiters are a bit overbearing, but it's great.  I really recommend going.  It's not cheap, but is actually less expensive than a lot of Turkish places around here and the food is SO much better.
The Service here is great. The wine list is very good and very well priced. They served us what is probably the greatest moussaka my wife and I have ever had. It is a smaller, darker, restaurant creating an interesting intimacy.  The Kitchen is fairly open behind safety glass where you can see into all the made from scratch delights that will be coming your way.
My husband and my son took me to this lovely restaurant for Mother's day and I was definitely impressed. We started with fresh squeezed orange juice and an appetizer called sigara boregi, which was very yummy. After which came my entree, Alexander's favorite (Iskender) came and I loved every bite of it.  The lamb and the beef were layered over bread crumb and tomato based sauce...it was melting in my mouth. It was one of the best dishes I have ever had. They had some awesome bavlava and it all ended with a nice feeling and definitely I'm going back again! The service was also great and the flower for mother's day was a very nice touch to make the day special.
Even though there are a lot of Turkish restaurants in the bay area, Anatolian Kitchen really stand out. I just knew this place last month but I  have already been there 3 times.The food is excellent. Yelpers, you have to try their whole sea bass special and alexander's favorite. Waiters are really cool. For instance, my baby spilled some water and our table got so messy. The waiter came immediately and helped out with a smile on his face. And this was exactly what I need in that embarrassing situation.
My hands-down favorite restaurant in Palo Alto. Awesome food, awesome service, awesome ambience. Favorite dish: Aleksander's favorite, their version of iskender -- it's SOO good! ------- My boyfriend and I were wandering* around on Valentine's Day trying to figure out where to go just to get a normal dinner (we hadn't really made plans), and accidentally came across this place which was DECKED OUT with heart balloons, candles, and roses. It was sort of over-the-top in a fun way. We shrugged and thought, "Why not?" When we walked in, the staff seemed thrilled, and not because they were empty, either. They just genuinely seemed to enjoy contributing to someone else's nice evening. They even gave me a long-stemmed rose and offered me some balloons. Pretty cute! My boyfriend and I have since agreed that Valentine's Day must be the staff's favorite holiday, but we still enjoy going there the other days of the year :)
So we are here again and they have no seats inside.  So we sit outside and order: The dolma appetizer.  I think the dolma was just 'okay' nothing really spectacular and I know I've had better elsewhere. I ordered the Alexander plate.  I thought it would be their specialty and I think it was too meaty for me.  It was loaded meat on top of meat with some pieces of bread and sour cream on the side.  That dish was really heavy in general.  The meat was dry and I wished it had some kinda rice and veggies besides 1 tomato slice and a piece of bell pepper.  I was disappointed. My date ordered the Donar kebob which came with white rice, veggies and the meat.  My date thought it was too greasy and salty for his liking. All in all not too impressed, will probably not be back.  They also forgot us at the end and we had to walk inside to give them our credit card to pay for the food because we got tired of waiting. We also ordered 2 hot teas and the tab came up to $40 without tip.
This is a new restaurant which use to be a Mexican restaurant.  It has  good darker lighting for a... Read more 
I was highly impressed. This is a great spot for a first date, since it's nice, but not too fancy. The food was delicious, and the service was great. I will definitely be back!!
The Anatolian ravioli I had there (dumplings filled with beef with a yoghurt sauce on top) were the best I have ever had! I liked the decorations in the restaurant and the cozy atmosphere.
Dang me that's good! Saw all the good reviews here on Yelp and stopped by on a Wednesday evening to find the place full (but we had only a short wait for a table, and one of the owners was kind enough to get a smaller chair for my mom to wait on while chatting with us) -- seems as though the word is out! I'm a big fan of mezze in general, so we tried the appetizer combo with falafel, dolma,  and four dips, including a good hummus and tabbouleh without much bulgar, the way I like it. The yummy lavash bread was the perfect complement for the mezze. For our main dishes, we chose various grilled meat dishes (fortunately, I chose the tastiest -- not bragging, of course!).  The kefte and the lamb kebab were good, but the doner kebab was amazing -- perfectly spiced, not greasy at all -- the best I've ever tasted. The restaurant itself is nicely arranged in one of those narrow-but-deep stores common around California Ave.  It's cozy, but doesn't feel crowded.  They've got a half dozen seats at the bar in front, and some tables on the sidewalk in front that look inviting for nice-weather days. We'll be back.
I came here for dinner last night and was very impressed. This is a darling restaurant, small cozy, dimly lit and relaxed. We sat inside but I noticed there was also dining outside, which also looked nice, I will probably come back during the summer and try it. What I loved most was the hospitality here, they are so friendly and attentive, brought us delicious lentil soup when we arrived, and help us pick a great wine. I had the Alexander's Favorite which was so full of flavor and rich- highly recommend especially if you are in a carnivorous mood. When the bill came out we were all pleasantly surprised- this place is a great value. I left satisfied, relaxed and happy to have discovered this little gem.
It was a busy night, showed up without reservations, but they found a way to squeeze us in.  Quality food and gracious service throughout.  These people really pour their hearts into their restaurant and it shows.  Nice dining ambiance as well.
Food-wise, this is a nice neighborhood restaurant. It's got a different feel than other restaurants in Palo Alto- a kind of dark, East-Coast vibe. And the chicken dishes are all really tasty with fresh veggies and a nice light yogurt sauce. Why only 2 stars? Because the service is really intrusive. There's a rude female server. And as I was leaving, I saw that two of the servers practically pushed over a pregnant woman who was leaving- apparently just to bring a non-hot plate to the next table.
Solid 4 stars.  Food is good but I went on a Friday night and the place was crazy.  We had reservations but we still waited for 15 minutes or so before we got seated.   The servers were clearly under a lot of stress so we didn't make a fuss, we just tried to stay out of their way.  They were zipping by us like they were on fire... I'd go back but maybe not on a Friday night...  I enjoy calm dining environments.
Lentil soup, hummus, beet salad, chicken kebab, alexander's favorite. This place is very cute and cozy inside. Good service, good food, good ambiance...all elements of a good time. I really enjoyed the food here and loved the lentil soup!
Holy moley.  This turkish restaurant is like amazing.  Great if you can sit outside on the sidewalk. Service is top notch. Flatbread selection is good. You must try the Alexanders plate and manti ravali in yogurt sauce. Definitely going back. If you love Mediterranean food so this is a must.
The food was really tasty and had good depth of flavour. I also thought that it seemed authentic. My favorite was the doner kebabs. My only complaint was that our table was not ready when we arrived even though I had booked it ahead of time. I would certainly go back there.
Baba ghanoush was pretty gd! Charred/grilled well. Chef mixed up bf's manti order and gave him a spinach one instead of meat, our server was very nice about it and gave us the spinach one free and boxed it for us! Actually ended up being a nice combination, some spinach and some meat. Did have to wait a while for the ravioli to be cooked, but oh well. On second thoughts, I don't think I was such a fan of the manti.. But their food is well done generally, and great service! Previously had the Alexander's Favorite at a friend's birthday. it is AMAZING. I guess that's what melted butter does. Anyway, the yogurt sauce with the slices of ground beef and lamb are terribly addictive. Bread soaked in tomato/yogurt sauce is great comfort food too!
Free lentil soup appetizer was yummy n warm! Would've been great in winter, pity it's warmer now so... Read more 
How can this place be rated an average of 4 stars?  I've had Turkish food that is much tastier, better presented, in a better setting.  The people who work there are nice but it doesn't make up for the lack of taste, presentation nor ambience.  I brought friends visiting from overseas for what I thought would be a great introduction to Turkish food.  Sadly, we were disappointed by the basic nature of this restaurant.
Food was a 4.5: excellent lentil soup and doner kebab. dessert was good, but a bit lacking. Service was a 3.5-4: a little inexperienced, but attentive and fairly quick Ambience and feeling was a 2: i don't mind the traditional turkish music that was played, but when you're blasting 80s and 90s turkish pop music throughout most of the meal, it kind of deters from the food.
Came here for a birthday dinner. I ordered the stuffed eggplant. Maybe not what I was expecting but it was good. It came in a tomato sauce with some onion and bell peppers. This is gonna be a first... but I liked the rice more than the actual stuffed eggplant.
Had the eggplant appetizer and fried phyllo w cheese. The eggplant babaganoush (sp?) was terribly salty. Worst I've ever had. The fried phyllo was somewhat tasteless. Mousaka was delicious! Chicken kebab was tender, but nothing special. Alexander's special was pretty good. Baklava dessert was not so flakey/sticky -- didn't seem that fresh to me. Vanilla icecream was yummy ( can't mess that up). Service was great! Server was attentive, waters were filled and we didn't feel rushed or pressured. Ambience is ok -- a bit dark for my taste but nice decorations everywhere- too bad I couldn't see them! Overall, had a good time w friends but the food was just ok.
Cute place, good service, avg & somewhat pricey food
Service was not good, even aggressive . We went to get lunch: wraps were OK. Also, they had this "bottomless mimosas" which ended up being cheap orange juice.
Considering all the positive reviews, I assume we just ordered badly! The resaurant has a warm ambiance and friendly service however the food is sub-par. The bread was served cold and tough (supoermarket lavash). The babaghanouj was so overpowered with yoghurt sauce that you could hardly taste the eggplant. The lamb sauteed with vegetables while having an abundance of tomato sauce was bland and the lamb was boiled and dumped into it - the meat didn't absorb any flavor. The stuffed sea-bass was served whole (didn't expect that!) and the salad accompanying it certainly didn't go with it. Considering there are so many good mediterranean restaurants in the area I am surprised about the good ratings, maybe just poor luck in the choice of the dishes.
I really enjoyed my dish as did the people who were in our party. The problem was the service: -The place was pretty empty yet it took them over 10 minutes to bring us our menus after we'd been seated. And they only brought us menus then because we went up and asked for them. -The man who took our order was a bit rude. We were all starving and requested two appetizers as well as an entree each and he replied "No, it's a lot of food and I don't want you to waste it." What are we, children? There were six of us! We devoured the appetizer and could have easily eaten a second. -The food took an eternity to get to us. Yes that flatbread and oil mixture was great but we really wanted our appetizer and food. It took well over 30 minutes. There were 6 of us, but there were only 3 other tables and they had their food before we got there!! We were very late to our next engagement. I'm sure I'll go again in the future because the food was excellent. I'll just make sure we all have loads of time on our hands.
This restaurant is located in the space formerly occupied by the Oaxacan Kitchen and as such is a pretty tight space. As a result, on a cold evening, there is very lisle space for people to wait inside and the constant opening/closing of the door lets in copious amounts of cold air. We had a reservation through Open Table but as we came in the door, there were a few folks already waiting and no staff immediately available to tell that w head arrived. One of the staff came over and told the couple (no reservation) in front of us to "wait a moment" quite abruptly. Eventually, the manager (I assume) came over, again told the couple in front of us to "wait a moment" in an abrupt tone. He disappeared again but did eventually come back and after finding out that they had no reservation made a somewhat exacerbated noise and looked as us. I told him we had a reservation and gave them my name. We were then seated almost immediately. We started with the hummus which was served with copious amounts of toasted flatbread. It was very creamy, but under seasoned. All I could taste was the flatbread. My wife had the Mousaka which she said was tasty but much more rich than what she had experienced in Turkey years ago. I had the special Lamb Shank with Orzo pasta. The lamb was very tender and came with roasted peppers and eggplant in a red sauce. It was pretty good, but could have used a bit more of the sauce and a slightly larger plate. I kept having my food fall off the edges of the plate as I tried to maneuver the shank around and cut pieces of meat off. Overall, It could have been a bit more seasoned and had enough sauce on the plate to fully dress all the orzo. We decided to try a Turkish wine as neither of us had ever experienced any before. A half carafe was $20 and we ended up with 1.5 reasonable (but not generous) glasses per person. Our server described it as Chianti-like and that was accurate. I generally like something a little smoother, but is was OK. Overall the staff seemed very hurried, as did the whole experience. It was as if there was more interest in turning the table than anything else. The food was "fine" but nothing either of us had really blew us away.
Excellent! Great food, small and intimate cafe environment, warm and welcoming service and reception. Everything we ordered was wonderfully flavored... appetizer platter with all the standards but prepared to perfection, moussaka, a fabulous grilled sea bass with unusual salad, and baklava---wow! Cozy inside or eat outside on the sidewalk with good heaters. Not cheap but very reasonable for the quality of food and experience. Only downside is its popular, expect to wait outside on a Friday evening. Fortunately there are some benches nearby.
Very very very good food!! I am vegetarian and I loved their food.
Food was good but not fantastic... Service was amazing
This Turkish restaurant is great! It's kind of tucked off in a corner, but the food is authentic and fresh. The rice is pretty much perfect, I'm not sure what they did, but it wasn't too wet or too dry but melted in my mouth. The chicken on the grill was great, not overly seasoned.  I will definitely be back, it's also a good date place, because they keep the lighting dim.
I picked this restaurant for a birthday lunch my girlfriends treated me to...I arrive first and the waiter was so nice, he treated me to a mug of Turkish mint tea, really helped take the chill away, it was cold, but what a nice sweet welcoming gesture.  Then, he recommended dishes for our lunch and he did not make us over order and on top of everything, the food was just awesome...delicious.  I walked away so happy and feeling satisfied.  It was worth dealing with the hassle of trying to parking.
Let me start by saying my family is originally from Turkey so I may be a little harsher than others but this place still deserves 5 stars! We ordered hummus as an appetizer which we probably didn't need to do considering the olive oil dip with the bread was delicious. My boyfriend ordered the Manti and I got the Adana Kebab. I have spend many hours making Manti and it is very tedious. The Manti here was not phenomenal but it was still pretty good. They serve it in a yogurt sauce and it is personally a little too much. My kebab was delicious as well. No complaints there. Overall, I would definitely come back here. The service, food, and drinks were great.
We came here for dinner one night when all the surrounding places were full... pleasantly suprised by the great food here for a very decent price.  Unfortunately we had to sit outside.. kind of cold and windy , next time will make reservations... We started with the falafel plate and weren't dissapointed.  This is the BEST falafel I have EVER had... better than falafel king in SF!  Hot, crispy and large fluffy balls accompanying some greens.  Excellent.  We also had the lamb kebab plate and gyros plate. both of the plates, the meat was very tasty and flavorful.  The plates are also Huge!  The free lentil soup appetizer was nice touch.
I took my parents, who are not usually fans of mediterranean food, here last Friday we've enjoyed it very much. The food was amazingly tasty and the staff was super friendly. We'll definitely be coming back here again. My favorite dish was Alexander's favorite; the lamb shank was delicious too.
I ordered the whole sea bass. The waitress boned it for me, and warned me to be careful of bones. I was as careful as I could be but it was impossible to avoid them. I spend my whole meal spitting out bones. Unfortunately, I swallowed one anyway and had to go to urgent care.  No one else complained about their meal, but I don't particularly want to go back.
Despite the slightly bland entrees, the ayran is refreshing and the kunefe is absolutely blissful. These 2 dishes pretty much carry the place. The only entree we enjoyed, was the sea bass, which was done perfect. Great find!
Went for dinner on a Friday with an open table reservation. Alexander's favorite was really delicious. They also serve a bottled turkish beer called efes that I had never tried before (tastes a bit like Stella). Was seated quickly by a very nice host (seemed like he could have been the owner). My only complaint is that the food came out too quickly. We hadn't even finished half of our appetizers when they gave us our entrees. It's always a bit uncomfortable to feel pressured to eat quickly. However, the quality of the food was great.
The host was pleasant. Let me sit where ever I wanted to sit. Typical middle eastern warmth and courtesy. Same goes for the waiting staff. Efes pilsner: as one would expect of a solid Turkish beer. The matching Efes soccer glass was a nice plus. Sigara Boregi (FILO dough stuffed with feta parsley): delicious! Came at a temp that told me it went straight from the oil to my table. Quite the treat, crisp, not too salty as feta-based foods tend to be. Iskender: I love their tomato-based sauce. They served a wonderful amount of yogurt too. The bread cubes were a bit dense, and the meat was the gyros meat, not meat chunks like I'm used to. It was delicious, however, so I didn't' mind.
Very Enjoyable Meal of Mediterranean Cuisine. Service was very friendly and helpful in the decision making of our entrees. The ambiance was very traditional with Turkish wall paintings and furniture. Enjoyed Alexander's favorite with ground lamb and beef over bread crumbs and tomato sauce. And as a dessert treat, Baklava was great closure to a great meal! In addition, conveniently located within downtown Palo Alto with access to other local boutiques and major streets. Small Parking lot across the street, otherwise street parking on side streets. Looking forward to returning soon to try the rest of the menu! :)
Falafel are ubiquitous and often not that great, but I love a great falafel and this place has the falafel I've ever had. Beet salad was also very fresh and tasty. Great place in the quiet part of old Palo Alto.
scouring yelp reviews for restaurants in palo alto paid off for mochi l. and me this time around - this place was a fantastic choice to celebrate the parents' anniversary - food was great, price was reasonable, and service was outstanding.  only negative would be sitting so close to the bathroom, but the place is not that big, and it seems like most places put the big groups in the back corner. this place was actually a little difficult to find.  a tree kinda covers the sign, so i had to drive by twice to figure out where it was.  (some people confused it with antonio's nut house down the street.)  like other yelpers said, it's not a very big restaurant - it's long and narrow.  there's also outdoor seating at the storefront, if you like that. i'm not a pro on mediterranean food, but i must say that everything we ordered was delicious.  ok, maybe the lamb skewer was just ok, but everything else was great.  what did we all get?  here's what i remember: bread basket - comes with the meal :) combo appetizer - the 10 of us pretty much finished the whole plate off.  it was a nice way to try out the different kinds of appetizers on the menu.  surprisingly, our kids loved the falafel, so we ended up ordering an additional falafel plate as their entree. whole sea bass (daily special)- as long as you are cool with getting a whole fish on your plate (head to tail), then this was a great dish to try. mousaka - a couple people got this one, so i got a little bite.  tasted pretty good to me! combo grill - i got this one; was a combination of different types of meat.  my favorite within this was the kafte and then doner. chicken was flavorful, but a little dry, and the lamb was just ok (a bit dry for me). for dessert, we ordered the baklava and profiterols, which were both good.  (my kids devoured the little ice-cream filled puffs.)  since the server heard we were celebrating an anniversary, so they popped some candles on one of the dessert plates, which was nice. because we were a big party, we were charged 20% gratuity, but we thought the service was wonderful, so it wasn't an issue.  we'd definitely come back here!
I came here with a friend to redeem a Groupon.  I ordered their combo appetizer that included some pretty superior dolma.  We enjoyed the friendly service and noted that there were no women on the wait staff!  Not that that's a bad thing, just different.  We weren't in love with the food there.  Quite frankly, my experience might have been better if I hadn't been missing Oaxacan Kitchen so much.  I'll have to seek them out at the farmer's market one of these days soon.
The owner and staff are very friendly and attentive. The food was delicious and the prices are very reasonable especially considering the Palo Alto location. Wine list is adequate and includes foreign wines.  The restaurant is a bit small but very cozy and there are sidewalk tables as well.  Reservations might be helpful on weekends.
After reading about this place online I thought it would be good to try.  The food was ok, nothing fabulous but definitely not as good as food I have had in Turkey or even at some other of my favorite Turkish restaurants in the bay area such as Pilita Grill or New Kapadokia. What really turned me off from this restaurant is the arrogant waiter.  I tried to be friendly and practice my Turkish with him and he pretended to ignore me and acted as if he didn't understand.  I double checked my pronunciation with my Turkish husband who assured me I was pronouncing things correctly and that the waiter just had a bad attitude. At other Turkish restaurants in the area I have always been greeted with a friendly helpful attitude when trying out my Turkish, but this man was very arrogant and seemed to resent my attempts.  When I go to a Turkish restaurant I not only look forward to the delicious cuisine that I have enjoyed on my many trips to Turkey, but also the hospitality that Turkish people are known for.  At Anatolian Kitchen I found neither.
I hesitate to write a review about this place at all.  My head tells me not to, so this place can remain my secret.  However,  because the food is really good, relatively inexpensive, facebook is moving out of the area  (it's kitty-korner to the Nut House) and also because I want them to remain in business, I've reluctantly decided to tell you about it.  Now please, don't tell anyone else! The lavosh is probably the best I've ever had, and the hummus is amazing, as is the baba ganoush.  But the falafel is simply the best I've ever had......I ordered it last weekend only because the moussaka was still in the oven and I didn't want to wait until dinner for it. Try the eskandar -- I had it the first time I was there, and raved about it to a Turkish friend -- who has been a regular customer ever since. Oh, and Dino is very easy on the eyes, friendly and funny.  But I do not want to pander, and being the adult married woman that I am (and old enough to be his grandmother) , I don't wish to submit to adolescent commentary......
The boyfriend and I came here on a weekday night for dinner. We were seated right away and the server was pretty attentive. He was kind of nervous that I wouldn't like the food because I've only had one experience with Mediterranean food and it was bad. The ambiance is very nice- definitely date night kind, it's dim and the decorations are interesting. It's not too loud. There were also some bigger tables for groups too, so it's not just only for couples! I had the Alexander's Favorite (slices of ground lamb and beef layered over bread cubes, in a tomato sauce, melted butter and yogurt). It was decent; I only finished half of it so we had tons of leftovers to bring home. The boyfriend got the ribeye shish and it was very flavorful. The dinner was not super expensive, and as the boyfriend says, "For Palo Alto, it's very standard pricing." I think this would be a good place to take a date if you're craving Mediterranean food!
Thanks for accommodating us on a Friday night! They were able to squeeze all 10 of us and were super nice. We came here to celebrate my parent's anniversary. Food and service were great. My niece loved the falafel, my nephew enjoyed the hummus and bread. My mom enjoyed the special of the day which was a whole grilled sea bass. The brother-in-law was impressed with it too. Thick it was a winner for all of us!
Great vegetarian options. Waiters are a little untrained, the owner of the restaurant is good though. Their daily soup (which is really the same everyday) is really tasty.
We came to this place with a party of 6 during the week before heading over to the Nuthouse for drinks. I certainly like this place.  Back home in Germany, Anatolian restaurants with Doner Kebab on the menu are always offer greasy fastfood, but the Bay Area is different obviously. I had a lentil soup and some yummy falafel. There were even more nice vegetarian dishes on the menu like salad and stuffed eggplant. I would stop by again.
Dedicated attentive service, many good vegetarian options. The baklava was especially delicious... homemade and moist.
I went to eat at Anatolian Kitchen today for the first time.  I asked the owner Dino what does Anatolian mean?  He said it's a region in Turkey.  The food is modern Mediterranean and can also be categorized as Turkish or even Kurdish food.  The environment was very nice and pleasant.  I was very dressed down, but I would say it's casual fine dining.  The plated presentation is aesthetically pleasing and very pretty.  The food was great.  I just loved their hummus!  I would definitely go back and eat there.  The customer service was very good too!
This restaurant is a solid place for Mediterranean food! I highly suggest the kebab plate =) My favorite part of the meal itself was the savory meat. The spices were well balanced, and the texture was just right. The service was wonderful, the portions were large, and the the ambience was nicely dim with candles. I was there for a late dinner, and yet my party and I were still treated courteously.
We have dined at the Anatolian 4 times for dinner.  Each experience was a pleasure.  The food is very good and the staff tries to please the diner. The menu is reasonably priced with a good selection for everybody to enjoy.
After long hours of working I feel better when I eat there. Their kofte and musakka are very tasty. Manti is my husband's favorite! It's a homemade turkish ravioli dish. I recommend to everyone to try this astonishing place. Try it out, you'll love it!
This place was amazing.  We came in right before closing and got a seat.  The food was delicious.  Good portions and so tasty.  I felt like I was eating at a family dinner since the waiters were so accommodating and friendly.  Even met the owner, who was really nice.  Great food, great people, definitely coming back.  You know you got a good restaurant when you leave glowing from the experience.
We all shared many of their dishes including Alexander's Favorite, salads, lamb kabobs. Service was great. Simply a delicious meal in a casual and cozy setting. Will definitely return! Also try Roki. It's an anise-flavored Turkish drink. Wonderful!
We stumbled on this place by accident on a Sunday afternoon and couldn't be happier.  Place is small (but cozy), we got the last table and there was barely enough - but still enough - place for a stroller.  The waiter was courteous and attentive, the place was great, my husband loved the mint tea.  We stayed slightly longer than anticipated during lunch, all other customers have left, but we were never pressured to leave before we were finished.  Will be back!
Excellent addition to Palo Alto dining scene!  Authentic dishes from the Turkish and Anatolian traditions.  Wonderful salads and hearty meat dishes.  Portions are generous and prices are affordable.  The owner and his staff are very friendly and welcoming.   We dined during their first week. Fresh, warm bread to start with nice baklava and Turkish coffee to finish.  Give the manti a try for a Turkish take on ravioli.
We visited Anatolian Kitchen after hearing mostly good things about the place from our friends. We tried Alexander's Favorite, Doner, Beyti (special for the day), the lentil soup, and kunefe for dessert. The lentil soup and Kunefe are excellent. Make sure to save room for those two - even if you leave half of your main dish on your plate. Service and presentation were very pleasant also. The place is a bit too dimly lit for my taste - I like more light. The main dishes were very good but not excellent. To be fair -  I don't think you can get something better in the Bay Area - so the place deserves the 4 stars - maybe even a bit more. We'll be going back.
We have made several trips to Turkey and were excited to try this restaurant.  We were not disappointed.  My husband ordered the lamb shish with tabbouleh (which was excellent) and I ordered a salad and dolmas. A teeny bit too much oil on my salad but I would ask for less oil next time. The staff were very friendly and helpful and made substitutions for us.  It is very reasonably priced with simple decor. We will definitely go back.
Warm, friendly service and wonderful things to eat.  Plenty of vegetarian fare and a chef who is willing to make any dish into a vegetarian one.  Cozy atmosphere, too.
My daughter and I like Mediterranean cuisine and are hard to please. This place well satisfied our palate and was comfortable and reasonable!
A coworker and I tried this place on its opening day. We were seated right away, but after realizing that we had waited for 40 minutes and still didn't have our food, we called over the hostess. They had forgotten our order and were not apologetic at all over the mix up. We waited for ten more minutes but needed to get back to work. Only now there were no waitstaff to be found so we could cancel our order! We wound up just walking out. Neither of us will be returning and we've made sure to tell all our friends about the terrible service.
I thought I was walking into Oaxacan Kitchen but saw that they turned over into a Mediterranean (Turkish, Greek) restaurant. Owners are very nice and welcoming but he didn't listen carefully and got me an extra order of an appetizer. They should be more careful on taking the orders but here's the verdict on my lunch takeout: 1. hummus: yum - not your grocery store variety..very smooth, subtle flavor...definitely homemade 2. dolma (stuffed grape leaves): YUMMY...soft leaves, seasoned rice, room temperature..also made from scratch 3. baba ghanoush: good but missing that roasted flavor 4. yogurt sauce (lebni?): good 5. piyas (white beans): lacked seasoning...disappointing; was hoping it would be nice that Afghan white bean/lemon juice salad I've had before 5. Adani (ground beef) kebab: bit too gamey for most, I think..they need to consider seasoning it more 6. bread: they bake their bread (white flour, leavened, sesame seeds on top)..doesn't fit my normal bread profile of whole grains, but most people would like, to dip in the hummus, etc. all in all, it was good..I'll try it again but will sample some other items on the menu
My coworkers and I come here all the time! We have all tried several different dishes and have been super happy with each. The staff is very nice and they get us in and out quickly during our lunch hour. I love the salmon, chicken kabobs, and lamb saute. Its great food!
This place was great - so happy it is now in the neighborhhod! Most Palo Alto restaurants strike me as over-priced, a bit cold, and a little boring.  This place was priced well, great food, and best of all - a really cozy ambience that had us extending our dinner to several hours! This is my new go-to restaurant on CA ave!
Had a weekend lunch there. Very good kebobs and the portions are huge. Service was excellent too. Wine list was Ok. Prices were very reasonable for the amount of meat and food they serve. They seem to have only lamb and chicken kebobs on the menu, but I asked and they had rib eye kebobs. I ordered it and the meat was really soft and well seasoned - just great food. It's a small restaurant ~15 tables with some outside sitting. There is a free parking lot right across the street. One thing I wish is that they didn't serve falafel sandwich wrapped in foil. I know it is probably "traditional", but it looks out of place in a nice restaurant like that. Best of all, they serve real turkish coffee! A bit pricey, but it tastes really good and it is served in very cute little cups with tiny lids (I guess to keep it hot).
Fabulous! Crispy falafel. Creamy hummus. Had chicken kabob. Juicy and tender. Very attentive and friendly service.
DELICIOUS, perfectly-cooked lamb kebab. Great choices for vegetarians. Appetizer plate: divine. Warm vibe. Nice servers. Gotta save room for dessert next time.
Alexander's Favorite is delicious (but if you want veggies or rice you should order them on the side) -- the chicken doner is good stuff, too. Be sure to make reservations on a busy night. While the waitstaff were always professional and courteous, they definitely seemed somewhat frazzled. Cozy place, which I love -- but if you don't like closeness in restaurant seating, this place may not be for you. But the food alone means that you should give it a shot anyway.
Small, hip, unique, very tasty food.  Went with some friends and tried their Turkish wine to start which was much better than expected.  The combo platter was clean with creamy fresh hummus, and the baba ganoush was so tasty we ordered seconds.  The Anatolian salad was crisp and the feta topping fresh.  The Mousaka tasted similar to Hungarian or Ukrainian goulash.  I did expect it to have more kick, but it was pleasant.  My wife ordered the stuffed eggplant which was terrific and only $10.  The baklava was better than most we've tried, and next time we'll try the kunefe.  Service was good and the price reasonable.  Not much like it in the Bay Area of the same quality and I recommend it.
Excellent! Cozy, friendly... Buy best of all: the food. Everything was just perfect. I love Mediterranean cuisine, and this place has got it right.
Martinis. Any of them. Delicious, and do the trick. Also, the food was excellent, glad something good replaced the previous restaurant.
I was so sad when Oaxacan Kitchen (the restaurant previously in this location) closed, but luckily Anatolian Kitchen is a great replacement. They have not changed the layout much since the Oaxacan days, so it is still a cozy, intimate dining area with a small bar. For the amount and quality of the food, the prices were very reasonable (actually somewhat lower than Oaxaca's). The service was very friendly and all of the food we had was very fresh and well prepared. We shared several dishes, and I thought the falafel, babaganoush, and manti were all particularly tasty. So, alas, no more churros, but Anatolian Kitchen is a welcome addition to California Ave.
Great food. Fast service!
Thanks to Groupon! We loved the food! Great customer service! Have recommend this place to our friends and they loved it too. 5 stars to Anatolian Kitchen!
We had a terrific evening meal in a lovely atomsphere.  The service was excellent.  A warm welcome and attention to detail.  The food was excellent.  Everything was fresh and tasty.  It was all presented very well. We will defiantly go back!
We dined here on Valentine's Day. We loved every vegetarian dish we ordered. Very fresh and flavorful. The falafels were crispy on the outside, and very tasty. Manti, specially prepared for us in the vegetarian version, was a nice addition to our meal. The desserts we ordered were simply delicious. The kenafeh was simply awesome, and so were the baklavas. Looking forward to our next visit.
This was our first visit. I had the special sea bass for the evening, stuffed with fennel and some other vegetables and fried whole. OK, but flavors pretty subtle. My husband had the chicken kabob, again not very spicy, but maybe that is how Anatolian food is! The baklava was fresh and stood out compared to other baklava I have had. I had a bite of rice pudding, and that was also delicious. The greens in the Village Salad were fresh and the dressing nice. The Anatolian coffee was served in a beautiful silver espresso sized cup with a tepee-shaped lid. I was expecting it to be sludgier and sweeter, but maybe this is how Anatolian coffee is. I did not like how dark it was, and hope they turn the lights up a bit. I mean, it was REALLY dark. Everyone who helped us, greeting us and taking our orders, serving us were very friendly.
A great, cozy restaurant in a quiet corner of Palo Alto. At first glance it doesn't look kid-friendly but we were pleasantly surprised. It was a busy Saturday night but we had a reservation and were promptly seated. Service was a bit slow but we didn't mind...I noticed that a few folks at an adjacent table were rushed and the restaurant kindly accommodated their needs. Food is FANTASTIC! We'll definitely be back.
We wanted to try something new in PA, I was in the mood for Mediterranean, and I found this restaurant on Yelp. The atmosphere is nice and the place is cute, but the food was only so-so. I had the manti, which was like bland ravioli with cold yogurt sauce. My husband had the Iksander, which was better than mine but not outstanding. Service was friendly and attentive, so I added a star for that. Maybe Turkish food just isn't our thing.
Delicious Turkish food.
Most definitely the best Mediterranean food we have ever had. Owner was superb in every aspect...Mama's recipe. Well deserving of a 5-star review. Who wouldn't want to support this wonderful small local restaurant? Both the lamb slices and rib eye shish were amazing, not to mention the best basmatti rice, mouth watering. A MUST try
I wanted to organize a tri-birthday party for my friends and was looking for something yummy, veggie-friendly, homey, local, affordable for a student budget, and accommodating for a group of 30-40 people on short notice. When I called Anatolian, Dino picked up and immediately said they could do it! He even said that he could create a personalized birthday menu for my three friends! Everyone loved it and it turned out to be a really fun night! One thing that was difficult was figuring out how much food to order... We ended up pre-ordering family style 10 salads, 10 combo appetizers, 22 entrees (2/3 veggie), and we brought homemade cake. In retrospect I think we could have ordered more food or just have each person order for him or herself from a preset limited menu... But that may have taken even longer...great place overall! I will definitely go back! Dino and all the servers were very nice!
I have been to this restaurant many times and have probably taken every member of my family from out of town, and frequent there with my staff.  Not only do we all love the food, which is all fresh made, including the baklava, but I always appreciate the amazing service I get there.  One time when we picked up an order for lunch we forgot our bread and an employee walked it to our office.  Service does not get any better than that.  I had a business guest today from Europe, and as always Anatolian Kitchen made me proud.  Keep up the good work guys!
As much as I liked their farmer's market products, I felt like Oaxacan kitchen didn't quite cut it when they opened in this space. Now that it's shuttered, Anatolian Kitchen has popped up in it's place. They inherited a fairly modern kitchen and space layout, but the decorations are a mix of traditional and new art/interior design. There's a cool bar facing the open kitchen and a bar along the main window looking outside. If it's a nice day you can eat at one of the many outside tables along the sidewalk. My litmus test for Turkish places is always Iskender. The version here is mighty tasty as are the Sigara Boregi phyllo appetizers. I came to realize later on that the lunch menu is truncated compared to that of the dinner one and you'll have a greater selection at night. I got to talking to Dino the owner about the cuisine and he's super nice. The real surprise is that if you know of Turkish dishes that aren't on the menu, you might just ask him anyways. I asked about Lahmacun and he went in the back and had them make it for me. How cool is that? Tons of things that I need to try now that I know that the Iskender is solid and that everything here is house made daily. 4.3 stars
Driving through town and came across Anatolian Kitchen on Yelp. Did not disappoint. Food was amazing. Wonderful and attentive staff. Felt bad that we had to eat quickly to make it to a movie. Will certainly keep this place in mind when I'm back in Palo Alto.
This is my favorite restaurant in Palo Alto.  The service is excellent as you always feel as though you are an honored guest rather than someone who will buy something.  Service is quick or slow, as you request; always accurate. The food is delicious.  It is perfectly prepared and served fresh. Although this is a small place and often crowded the noise level is not too high, as I often find in other Palo Alto restaurants. This is the best Turkish food I have had, and I have been to Turkey several times and eaten in their restaurants, not the tourist haunts. If you have a group, I recommend the appetizer sampler.  If you are just a couple, the appetizer is enough for a meal. Save room for dessert as the baklava is to die for, although the other desserts are excellent. Turkish coffee makes a perfect end to the meal.  It is served in a small porcelain cup that is held in a metal cup with a lid so that it arrives at your table pipping hot.
Very good Mediterrean Cuisine of the Turkish variety.  Kebab's were delicious as was the Lamb Shank.  Hummus was super smooth and great with the bread and pita.  Maybe a bit more expensive than $$ but worth it.
We're European and we were happy to find this place.  We love it!  Great food, cozy atmosphere and terrific service.  We've eaten here a few times and we love the falafel wraps and the falafel plate.  Their breads are fresh and tasty (believe they're homemade).  Nice selection on the menu and the food is consistently good.  If you want something out of the ordinary give this place a try.
Packed on a Sat night, it's a tad claustrophobic, like looking in a fun mirror as the tables are all in one long row. Had the combo appetizer per the instructions of yelpers. It was adequate, nothing a standout and most items underseasoned. The dolmas and salads were both bland, the hummus bland and unmemorable, but the falafel was decent by virtue of being hot and crispy. Shared the Shish plate which was 2 skewers of beef, seemed like they'd been inadequately defrosted, and a mound of french fries with a few tiny pieces of pepper. Much could have been added to this plate to make it more appetizing. The saving grace was the knafeh dessert, though mainly because of the fond memories I have of it. A bit small, and lots of sugar water, but the cheese was good and the crispy topping was nice. All in all, an acceptable if not noteworthy meal. May be back at some point to try other dishes that are more labor intensive.
Very fresh, simple, authentic and delicious! Everything was homemade from the pita bread to all the sauces and dips.   Even the cocktails were made from fresh and simple ingredients.  Kid friendly too! Truly a neighborhood gem.  Don't pass up the baklava!
As close to home cooked as you can get and a nice dark and relaxing  ambiance with touches of impressive Turkish decor. We had warm  flavorful turlu with a fluffy bed of rice on the side to soak up the juices. The sea bass was high temperature oven cooked leaving crispy skin and ultra soft fish on the inside. The taste was a suspenseful round of lemon rind, citrus, crunchy vegetables stuffed in between the fish and a mound of salad lightly dressed with olive oil and a hint of vinegar. The pita bread was thin with levels of thickness that alternated between soft and chewy and very fresh. Nothing too salty so I didn't leave feeling bloated like so many over seasoned restaurants inject me with. I had the BEST margarita that I can remember since drinking age. It fit my required freshly squeezed lime juice and stout  criteria. The lemon drop was delicious with nice aromatics. I love discovering this type of restaurant because it's so unexpected and worth writing about. Plus, the owner (or manager?) seemed so happy and proud to serve his food.
Best Mediterranean food in the peninsula. AWESOME!
Solid Turkish restaurant. Their bread and manti was delicious. Pretty tasty kebab selection also.
Excellent, very fresh middle eastern style food.  One of the best felafels I ever had - it was part of the combination appetizer plate which is excellent.  Turkish wine is great - who knew that Turkey produced wine!  It's a family run restaurant and very small, so don't expect white table cloth service, but the staff is friendly and helpful.
delicious
New owners have converted this location from Mexican to Turkish cuisine.  Wonderful food, great atmosphere, good value.  Bread is baked fresh daily.  Scrumptious baklava.  Friendly wait staff.
I would really wish to give this place 5 stars, but... We went there with my wife and a 15-month kid. We called in advance to reserve a table, however when we arrived on time, they could not find our reservation. Luckily, there was an unoccupied table so we did not have to wait. The restaurant is a small dark cozy place, however tables are somewhat close to each other to create a really intimate atmosphere. We ordered combo grill and Alexander's Favorite. The food was really delicious and the service was great... but not totally. We got the check with the dessert included, which we ordered but never got served. When we mentioned that we were still waiting for the dessert, they brought it, however it was not the one we ordered. So, the impression was a little bit ruined in the end. So far, it is 5 stars for food and 3 stars for glitches in service. I understand that it happens sometimes, so I am ready to give this place another try and definitely recommend it to others. The lower score is more an incentive for the guys to apply due diligence serving us folks :) P.S. Also, I would say that the place is somewhat 10% pricier than it actually should be.
I walk down Birch often,and have stopped to look at menu and talk to the owner.  Passers by told me it was really good. I love Turkish food and any cuisine from that general area, so was dying to try it. I did last night, and it did not disappoint.  I was surprised to see draft beers, with one from Turkey. A very good wine list, and even cocktails.  Small places like this don't usually have a pricey liquor license.  Two of us had the lamb shish-kebab, which was perfectly cooked and delicious, with a sort of rice pilaf, and lovely, freshly sauteed vegetables.   One of us had the appetizer platter, that was presented  beautifully, and included hummus, baba ghanoush, dolmas, falafel, cacik (yogurt, cucumber), some small bean dish, and house-made bread.   I will definitely have that platter next time I go there.  The owner and staff were attentive and very nice. I see on Yelp that there was an Anatolian Kitchen in San Francisco that is closed.  I wonder if it's the same owners. I will find out.
