If you want to visit France but do not want to experience the 18 hour flight, I would recommend you come and visit Pastis Bistro. How I got there was my gf woke up wanting 'real' French Toast and I was out of the ingredients and did not want to make a Safeway run. Well if you have traveled to France like I have you will not find 'French Toast' on any French menu. The real name is 'Pain Perdu' which can be translated to 'lost bread.' If you order 'Pain Perdu' in France you will get what we all "French Toast!" Pastis Bistro offers four versions of it on their breakfast/brunch menu. So without the insults, funny looks, and gypsies, you can experience close to real French cuisine and atmosphere without using up all your frequent flier miles! The owner is no doubt French as well as the wait staff we encountered that day. The owner waited on us as we were the second customers through the door that morning and was the chief too! The only other patrons were a Japanese couple with a screaming child trying to make the best of what my parents used to call 'the weekend treat.' The food was beautifully presented on the white square plates with seasonal garish of fresh fruit and the coffee was a nice French Roast. They also have an excellent collection of French wine bottles and nick knacks adore the shelves to prove it is a real French establishment. I don't know if breakfast/brunch is not their forte but after a quite a while the place started to fill up. Maybe they were part of the crowd waiting in front of Joanie's that we passed by. I would recommend and certainly shall return!
Cute authentic French bistro.  The waiters and a lot of the patrons were speaking French!  The portions are large and the food was excellent. Sweet potato soup amuse bouche - creamy and flavorful. Salmon tartare - large size for an appetizer.  It was fresh and delicious.  Went well with Vouvray wine. Mussels + frites - also a large dish.  The mussels were large.  The broth was a white wine, creamy garlic sauce. Filet mignon with mushrooms - This was one of the specials of the night and is different than the filet mignon that is on their regular menu. Tarte - too sweet for me.  I'm not going to order this again. I loved the ambiance and food and will definitely return!
This is located on lovely California Ave in Palo Alto. They have very nice decor inside and some outdoor tables as well. I have been here a couple of times for lunch now. Service is great, and the 2 choices I have ordered have been very good too. First trip I ordered mussels and they were delicious. I gobbled them up. Second time I ordered scallops. They came in a nice shell covered with cheese and baked. I thought this dish would be a little healthier... and I was wrong. But it was delicious nonetheless. My friend ordered the chicken liver salad which she loved up until she saw a lady bug on her spinach. The waiter was extremely apologetic, took the cost off the final bill, and gave us a chocolate moose dessert for free. Impeccable customer service! I will keep coming back.
Quite the expensive place, but pretty good food! It's definitely a very cute little restaurant tucked away in the realm that is California Avenue food. A friend recommended that I try out this place because it was exactly like France. Now, I've never been to France, but I did drag along a friend who went to France, and she told me that it was pretty similar. It's small but cozy, a bit of that nice homey feel. They give you complimentary bread with this quite the interesting spread. Not exactly sure what it was, but it tasted like a combination of onion and cream cheese, not bad. Water comes in a glass pitcher which I've always been very fond of just because then you don't have to bother the waiters to pour water. My friend and I both ordered the Croque-monsieur. It comes with either a salad or fries, but we both got the salad. The salad was pretty decent, but not my personal favorite just because it was a tad too bitter. However, the croque-monsieur was definitely good. It's definitely very heavy and it's easy to get quite full afterwards. It's essentially a grilled cheese with an egg on top and expensive, but delicious ham. It's definitely a big serving and it comes with about 2-3 pieces of ham. Mmm. Delish. Definitely an extremely expensive place. The two croque-monsieurs came out to be about $30. tldr; expensive but cute, come once in awhile if you crave French
We came to try Pastis in May as we were looking for a new French bistro to try and we were not disappointed!  Food was excellent, decor was good and service was decent, despite the little Parisian attitude... ;) I would recommend the place!
Rounding up to 4 for potential. I only tried "le parfait" et "le pain au chocolat" (so expect an updated review when I try an omelet or poached eggs next time) but both were great. The chocolate croissant was flaky and warm, so the chocolate was melted. So tasty. The parfait was simple (strawberries / blueberries / raspberries, granola, simple sweet yogurt) but exactly what I was looking for. Other notes: Service is fantastic and there's no wait at 10:30am on a Saturday! Hope to return to try more!
This is my favorite brunch place. It's french comfort food. I've enjoyed the home made quiche, some sort of skillet with eggs, veggies and potatoes, and the coffee and milk. A friend of mine had a salad with lamb that was also excellent. The menu looks simple but everything is very well done. The only thing I haven't loved was a fruit dessert with vanilla ice cream on top. It was too buttery/rich for me. The atmosphere feels intimate, welcoming, warm, relaxed. They will never rush you, so time seems to slow down here. I love it.
The food we've had here so far has been pretty good. We had the onion soup and croque monsieur with a medium-well egg -- the croque monsieur was really good, and the onion soup at first, but it turned out to be a tad too salty after half the bowl. Service-wise, we had pretty good service the first time. I felt a little snubbed the second time though -- maybe we weren't dressed up enough, since we were dressed for post-lunch hiking ? Oh well.
I've been here twice on Sunday brunch and of the two times I went, I learned that it's important that you order the right things in order to have a great experience. What to order: croque monsieur- this was done perfectly with just the right amount of cheese and bechamel sauce. We also enjoyed the special omelette of the day with salmon and bay shrimp. All the ingredients were fresh and tasted delicious. The chocolate croissant was also good but not the best I've had. I would not recommend the salmon sandwich. It was alright but definitely not worth it. Overall great restaurant and excellent service too.
I thought pastis has really cute decor and really friendly staff, but the food isn't THAT great for how expensive it is. I ordered the bread pudding french toast, which was ok. I think I would have preferred regular french toast. My friend ordered the eggs benedict and called it the best brunch she ever had, so maybe I just ordered the wrong thing. The portions are on the smaller side, but that was good for us because we were able to finish everything. And of course, mimosas make everything better. The overall experience was good, and I will come back if I feel like splurging on brunch and am in the area. We came at around 11:15 on a Sunday and didn't have to wait at all.
I owed my friend brunch for helping me haul some furniture, so we decided to try out Pastis.  Of course we went on a Sunday so we had to fend off the farmer's market crowd, but we sat inside so it wouldn't be too loud.  Fortunately we were early enough that we didn't have to wait in a line to get a seat (although there was a wait by 11:30am). I had the salmon benedict and my friend tried the traditional eggs benedict.  I enjoyed my breakfast, although I must admit it isn't the best benedict I've ever had at a restaurant.  The potatoes on the side were good and the meal was just large enough for me (don't know how a more voracious dude would handle the meal portions).  Don't get me wrong, it was a good meal, but not phenomenal. Pastis is a quaint little location for a brunch date.  The service was prompt and my water glass was full at all times.  I'd suggest trying it at least once to see how you feel about the food.  But beware, the prices are a bit steep ($12 for eggs benedict).  If I return I'll be trying out the croque madame as I have had a hankering for one recently.
ok so I didn't eat here but It was apero time and I really wanted a Pastis (anis alcoholic drink popular in south of France). I asked 2 waiters that were chatting outside if they served some. and to my disappointment they said NO! No Pastis at Pastis.... why? Well they were french (+3 stars, I feel patriotic) and they told me that they don't have the license yet to sell anything else than wine and beer, but that they should get it in September... wait and see
Showed up with wifey for an early brunch on a Saturday morning. We were very well received by Maxime and his staff. We had the specials of the day: open-faced croissant with ham, cheese, and eggs and the omelette with chorizo. Both were super delicious and the portion size was perfect. We need to come back to try theboeuf bourguignon!
Authentic French bistro. The food Is very good! The atmosphere is great. The owner is great friendly French man. We'll definitely come back to try more dishes. If you like French bistro, you have to visit Pastis!!!!
Lovely French bistro in Palo Alto. The owner Maxim is very warm and engaging. They  surely pay attention to their menu.short and nicely put together. They have very good foie gras..(while it lasts in CA), halibut, chocolate souffle cake.
Got pump faked by Yelp rating.  Dinner:  Had nicoise salad, mussels, and flank stake.  All of which were just passable.  Friendly service and nice place to drink wine, but not a place for awesome french fare.
What a nice environment compared to the one in NYC.  In NYC its not uncommon to reserve a restaurant 3 weeks in advance.  I love being able to sit at the tables outside.  Went there for a brunch and a playdate.  Its only 5 minutes from the park.  Lovely food, reasonable prices, good area.  The waiter was accomodating for my toddler son.  He received a glass of milk and they did not charge extra for it.
Perhaps not as lovely as we hoped...the food was lackluster and portions small. The best thing was the fact that the first waiter to approach our table offered and brought us a big dog bowl of water for our pups.  But we never saw him again, and our new waitress was, well...good enough. All in all, I'd have rather had a bagel. No tequila in the joint.
I was in Palo Alto for business trip and since I didn't know where I should go for late brunch with my roommate, I decided to look for recommendations on yelp, of course. This was the first place that came up on the list. When I actually went to California St and parked my car, I also bumped into the other restaurant that was ranked #2 in yelp. There was a line for that restaurant, so we left our names with the waiter and walked a bit further down to check this Pastis out. There was no line to get in, so we decided to go in and it turned out to be one of the good decisions we made. The restaurant was very cozy (small restaurant) with tables and counter seats. We had the specials of the day (the spinach omelette  with mushrooms and pork) and the open sandwich with ham and an egg cooked the way you like it. Both plates were very filling and they presented the dishes in a very fancy manner that it was pleasant to the eyes, too. The waiters were all speaking French and I liked how our waiter always said "merci" after everything :) Definitely will stop by again on my next trip and also will recommend it to my colleagues.
Seated quickly.  Food was a little expensive and the quality of the food did not match the price. Our waiter was really playful, though, which we enjoyed.
I used to love Joanie's cafe which was at this location. Looks like it is now Pastis which is an upgrade in terms of the ambience but unfortunately not an upgrade when it comes to the food. I went in with high hopes. Service was very good. I was hoping to order something from their brunch menu but they only had a pretty limited dinner menu. I ordered the beef casserole which was just OK and a bit of a let down. Ground beef with mashed potatoes on top. I ordered the Chocolate Fondant for dessert. The first few bites were amazing but it got progressively harder to eat since it was too sweet. Service was good and I loved the french accents.
Let me start by sharing why we'll never return to this restaurant: The waiter spilled a glass of wine across my front - soaking my shirt completely, and splattering my jacket.  Though accidents can happen, the quality of a restaurant is reflected in HOW the accident is mitigated. This restaurant failed miserably. All I got was a desultory "sorry," an offer to pay for the dry cleaning and taking the charge of the dessert off the bill. We still had to pay for the meal, and we still had to pay for the wine (!). The (presumed) manager was present, and did not see any reason to intervene. I had to leave the restaurant with a front completely soaked in wine. Good thing I did not have another event to attend to... Too bad it was my birthday dinner. As for the food: Your basic French cuisine. Good, but no better than we get from the local Left Bank franchise, and thus worth a two or three star rating on its own merit. The ambiance is OK.
Best brunch place in the south bay. The boyfriend and I came here a couple weeks ago for dinner, but I wanted to save my review for after we've tried their brunch and I was super impressed. I think their brunch is definitely better than their dinner, but there isn't much they can improve for both our experiences. I loved the decor and ambiance of the restaurant. The service is great; they're so attentive without being in-your-face and they all speak French (or English with a French accent!). So delightful! I kept bugging the boyfriend to practice our French so we could enjoy the whole French experience, haha, but he was noncompliant. For dinner, we share a mussel appetizer with fries -- HUGE portions, I got pretty full just eating that. The sauce was amazing and the fries were hot and crispy. Oh, I forgot, they serve you with bread and this interesting fruit butter, which was super yummy. Reading other yelp reviews, I believe there's different kinds (I can't remember what ours was). The boyfriend had a steak and I tried their beef bourguignon, the special of the day. The steak could be a little bigger, but it was delicious! The dinner came out to be a tad bit expensive, but that's kind of expected for French food. Brunch today, however, was amazing. We went in at the perfect timing (Sunday at 10:30am) because right after we sat down, the restaurant quickly filled up and there was a line to get in. We're guessing there's lots of people because the farmer's market was also going on. I had a croque monsieur and the boyfriend had a open croissant special and a coffee. My croque monsieur was melt-in-your-mouth delicious. Again, the service was great. Our food came out fast and they were attentive, making sure the boyfriend's coffee was filled at all times, and it didn't come out to be too expensive ($30). I definitely definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone that wants to bring a date. I do, however, recommend coming early on a Sunday morning before the line gets long! I can't wait to come back here again!
One review - two dining experiences. Sunday Brunch: I came here a month ago for Sunday brunch with some friends. I ordered  the croissant sandwich special which was quite good and not greasy. I was particularly impressed with the oven baked potato wedges that had a hint of rosemary and salt. It had a crispy exterior and a creamy potato interior. A friend suggested we try the banana bread pudding french toast. Since there were three of us, we were able to have a good taste of it. The french toast was pan fried nicely and the the inside was creamy, it had a texture that literally melted in your mouth. The fresh bananas and the whip cream on the side was a perfect compliment to the french toast. One of the thing that surprised me was their coffee. Normally, I'm the type that would automatically pour milk and sugar with my coffee, but I have learned through the years to first try the coffee first before adding anything to it. This is one of those places where their simple black coffee was wonderful. It had a wonderful aroma and it didn't have a bitter after taste to it.  I would suggest that you try drinking it black first before adding the usual milk and sugar, it might surprise you. The service was alright, but there were a few times where we had to flag the server to refill our empty coffee cups. Over all, the experience for breakfast was pleasant and it seems like there is a little of something for everyone here. My friends tried the eggs benedict and they raved as to how good it was. I'll probably have to give it a try next time I'm there for brunch. Thursday Dinner: Having enjoyed this cute little French bistro after a Sunday brunch my friends and I decided we would come back for dinner sometime. We went to Pastis for dinner the other night since we had tickets to see a musical at the Lucie Stern theater that evening. Ice water was quickly brought to our table along with some bread and what appeared to be lavender colored butter.  I tasted the butter with the bread and was pleasantly surprised it was a delicious olive and garlic butter which complimented the bread very well. It wasn't something you had at too many places and it was a lot nicer than simple butter or oil/vinegar. Then they brought over to us a small cup of cream of mushroom soup with a bit of chives decorating the top. It was definitely home made and not the stuff from a  can. It was very creamy and even my friend who normally doesn't like mushrooms enjoyed the soup as well. I ordered a glass of sancerre. It was nice, but I would've preferred it to be chilled a little bit more, but over all, it went well with my meal. Looking over the menu, I was tempted to order the mussels, but after hearing the specials of the evening which included a cassoulet I ordered that instead. It came out piping hot in an earthernware casserole dish. The cassoulet featured beans, pork belly, sausage, and duck. It was what I would consider a comfort food. I wasn't able to finish it, but every bite I took made me want more. The duck pieces had bones in it, but that wasn't a big deal, as it was super tender and the meat fell off the bone so it was easy to remove. As we were eating, the couple next to us ordered the French onion soup which looked lovely. We soon started chatting with them and I asked them how it was. The gentlemen said it was one of the best French onion soup he's had in the area. Yet another item that I plan to try when I come back. I was fairly full after the entree but of course like a true foodie, I always had some room for dessert.  The waiter rattled off a number of desserts including creme brulee, chocolate option and an apple tartin. My friend let me choose the dessert and I opted for the apple tartin that came with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. I must say, the presentation itself was lovely. The ice cream was a perfect scoop. The tartin was circular and placed on a square plate. They cut a strawberry into quarters and placed it at the corners of the plate and then they drizzled what appears to be a raspberry sauce around the platter. It not only caught our attention but also those around us. The tartin was lovely. The apples were thinly sliced and sweetened. The pastry on the bottom was buttery but not not greasy. The combo of the tartin with ice cream and the dab of raspberry was absolutely delicious. What a great ending to a wonderful meal. Service was fine. Attentive but not intrusive. I find this place to be a comfortable non-pretentious French bistro. I would definitely come back for either brunch or dinner to try their other items.
We came here for lunch.  This place does have a nice French bistro ambience.  The wall is decorated with various photos of Paris.  We were soon greeted by a friendly wait staff. Our waiter explained the specials menu of the day: some sea bass dish with fresh vegetables, and mussels in a cream sauce, and also some kind of lamb shank.  We decided to stick to our original choices from the regular menu.  We had the croque madame (with an egg made to order), and a chicken sandwich "savoureux".  They were both delicious, and the garden salad on the side was fresh and delightful (with a light vinaigrette dressing). Will have to come back to try their dinner sometime.
My little piece of France in Palo Alto. We had dinner there in the middle of the week and it was full at almost 9PM. This is a very nice bistrot; not pretentious and serving good food! I had mussels with Fries; they were fresh and tasty. I will definitely come back here more often. No need to drive to SF anymore to go to a French bistrot! They served bread with a kind of olive tapenade (I believe) and it was SO GOOD - wish I could get the recipe :) The owner is very nice and friendly; we had a good talk together. There are also 2 other waiters that speak French too :-) Service was great. Decoration is very fun. I liked their sign "Place de l'Apero" which is a spoonerism for "Place de l'Opera". They have a nice wine list too. Apparently they serve Brunch on Sunday with real croissants and pains au chocolat... (Of course I'm going to back there :)) I wanted my 100th review to be for a place I love. Here we go!
i was deciding between the salad nicoise and the grilled salmon sandwich.  i asked the server what kind of bread the sandwich was on, and he said a homemade foccacia-like bread.  i decided on the sandwich, and thank goodness.  the bread was freshly baked and still hot when i got my sandwich.  it was spongy and delicious, as was the salmon.  the sandwich came w/ a side of greens, and it was a great lunch.  my friend got the salmon cakes benedict and liked her dish too.  the oj here is even good.
Came by for brunch and was told there would be a 30-45 minute wait. After returning 30 minutes later, my name was already called and we were seated shortly thereafter! Started off with the Saumon Benedict which was mediocre at best. The salmon cake was on the dry side and bland. There wasn't anything special with the poached egg. The potatoes on the side were also rather bland...hrm... Moved on to the Hachis Parmentier (Cottage Pie) and it was similar to something I would find in the freezer section at Safeway. The meat was merely ground beef and the potatoes tasted like they were left in the fridge and merely reheated...hopefully I'm wrong. I guess the highlight of this dish was the salad...but then again...why am I coming here again? Service was good and the restaurant was unique. I'll keep my eye out on new French restaurants!
We had brunch here this weekend. The food is good, but the prices are high and the portions are very small. The service was good and the staff were friendly. I had a french toast special while one of my children had the french toast with nutella and bananas. The other child had the regular french toast and my partner had an omelette. The small portions left all of us still hungry after eating. The high prices and small portions make this a bad place to take children. With all the other choices in Palo Alto, even on that same street (California), I would not go back.
Amazing food, amazing service, and a great atmosphere. We ordered the seared tuna salad and mussel special, and both were fantastic. Can't wait to go back and try more of their menu, especially their brunch menu. Our waiter was genuinely nice; after debating whether we should get desert and ultimately deciding not to, he brought us out a free chocolate souffle (which also was fantastic). Without exaggeration, this was the best overall dining experience I've had in Palo Alto. Also, for what you get, its actually very reasonably priced. A full dinner for two with wine didn't even break 50 dollars.
Yes, the name sounded like the things that strippers put over their nipples, but everyone on Yelp was raving about their bread, and my workout-exhausted soul was craving a carbo-load. So Pastis it was. To our surprise, we only had to wait five minutes to be seated, even though it was 7 PM on a Friday night. Our waitress was exceedingly courteous, telling us that our table was special because it was underneath a framed photo of the Arc de Triomphe. Charming! Our senses piqued, we dove into our first course: a gigantic steaming bread basket with olive butter and complimentary clam chowder. I loved the warm, velvety softness of the bread, but my boyfriend, who prefers crustier bread, was not such a fan. The clam chowder was creamy and soothing but caught me off-guard: isn't clam chowder as American as apple pie? This moment clued me into the fact that we were in for some serious "fusion" fare rather than authentic French food. The beef bourguignon had tender, perfectly marinated cuts of beef; unfortunately, the surrounding red wine-infused gravy was too salty and could have used some noodles. The mashed potatoes were creamy and filling, but nothing stellar. The ratatouille was well-seasoned with hints of oregano, but the irregularly sized vegetable pieces appeared to not have been chopped properly, leaving some firmer than others. The flank steak was unfortunately very tough, even though we ordered it rare. We enjoyed munching on the flavorful, slightly browned caramelized onions that accompanied the steak, but they weren't enough to salvage the steak's unchewable texture. The highlight of the flank steak course, sadly, was the cup of crisp French fries that came as a side dish. In the end, we weren't impressed enough with the dinner to order dessert, especially because they were out of the dessert we were considering (chocolate mousse). Everyone else in the restaurant appeared to be enjoying the mussels, of which there were numerous varieties swimming in different sauces (gorgonzola and garlic, among others) on the menu. Most online reviews also rave about the brunch at Pastis. Dishes like eggs florentine and bread pudding are popular. Next time, I'll know to come back for the mussels and the brunch.
I was blocks away from Dinah's Hotel Garden and wanted breakfast and what better way to choose what to eat?  Look at your nearest bookmark, duh!  I was less than a mile away and came upon a road closure.  I'm thinking, "What the hell?" Farmers' Market, yo!  I LOVE Farmers' Market. Anyhow I parked the next street over and was extremely blah when I saw the that it was closed, no business hours signs posted (I HATE that; how do you expect people to know when you are freaking open?) so I called.  I was there at 8:50, it was due to open at 9:30 so I'm thinking I should shop at the Farmers' Market and have a pre-breakfast before my breakfast! I strolled in at 9:35 and I was a tad disappointed that there were no greetings.  I'm not sure if staff thought I was part of the huge Asian group that was just standing there, taking up hella space when their table was obviously ready but eventually I got seated. My server was not only handsome but had a very deep French accent was very attentive and made me want to order everything on the menu because of how he pronounced (correctly, that is) the names of the dishes.  My family speaks French but I so do not; I'm sure I made an illiterate idiot of myself but whatevs.. i got the "La Florentine" at the end and when it came out and I almost wanted to eat the plate.. it tastes like an expensive heaven because a) it tasted like heaven and b) it was pricey but I loved the spinach-Benedict and the potatoes that came w/ it. I'm going to take my family here so they can utilize their 3rd language. Next time I will get the chocolate croissant, too.  OMG.
This place has the best breakfast/brunch place in south bay. Pleasant staff, yummy menu, cozy feel an reasonably priced. We loved the Omlettes, Salmon Benedict's  and Coconut bread pudding French toast. The waiters were very nice and had very good suggestions for us. We really enjoyed the cozy feel of the restaurant. I am already looking forward to going back there again very very soon.
This is a really nice little French bistro for brunch, especially if you go there on Sundays. There is a farmer's market right outside the restaurant on California Avenue every Sunday, so you can go shopping for some fresh produces and fruits after brunch. My friend and I went for brunch yesterday and we got the salmon cakes benedict and egg, ham and cheese croissant sandwich. The chef even came out to bring the dishes to us and told us that the salmon cakes benedict was cooked the exact same way as the crab cakes benedict. I had inquired about the crab cake benedict but they did not have it that day. The hollandise sauce was scrumptious, the egg benedict was cooked perfectly. The salmon cakes were a little under seaonsed though, which made me think they did that purposely to let the stars of the dish, the hollandise sauce and the eggs shine through! My friend's croissant sandwich bread was small and warm but not very flaky or buttery. The egg over easy was bigger than the croissant itself! I took a bite of her sandwich and it was good,  but somehow it did not wow me. Having read the raving reviews about their french toast and pudding, I think I would go try these dishes there next time.
Very good food
I have been here twice for lunch and each experience was memorbale. As you are waiting for your food, they bring out FRESHLY baked bread. You can smell the bread baking throughout the cafe. The basket is placed on your table and you can see steam slowly rising and all you want to do is dig your fingers into the bread to get it while it's hot. The first time I ordered the mussels and fries. Mussels were cooked in a delicious sauce with capers. You'll find yourself grabbing more bread to soak in all the juices from the mussels. The fries came out perfectly hot and crispy. Paired very well with dijon mustard. My second visit I ordered the lamb sandwich. The lamb was tender and moist. I tried to only eat half, but it was too good. The service is excellent.
Wow!!!! I thank the lord for giving me taste buds because what I just ate was fantastic. I was going to order their burger which has great reviews but I was recommended their special which was a lamb shank sand which. My mouth exploded, it is possibly one of the best things I have tasted!!!
French owned. It's small and cute. Friendly service. Food: Ordered the chicken with tomato and pesto. Probably the best sandwich I've had in my life.  I have a memory of a major foodgasm. I can't wait to go back.
Came here for Saturday Brunch as a treat for actually waking up in time to enjoy Saturday Brunch.  We were promptly seated, and service throughout the meal was smooth and the wait staff were all very amiable. I ordered the Omelette Aux Pommes (there's more to the title that I don't remember since I don't know French) and J had the Benedict de Provencal.  My omelet was stuffed with potatoes, ham, and caramelized onions, and was very tasty... I guess I'm just too American because the whole time I was eating it, I wished that it was also loaded with cheddar cheese.  Still good, though.  My meal also came with a pastry and a fresh, dressed salad. J's benedict was tasty as well.  The Provencal was a poached egg over tomato and pesto, all drenched in Hollandaise sauce and came with a side of potatoes.  Also delicious.  The portions seemed just right for brunch, not massive in size like some places like Crepevine like to do. All in all, enjoyed the atmosphere, service, and food we had this time.  Would really love to come back to try the sweeter brunch options or dinner.
Magnifique! Incroyable! Parfait! I cannot say enough good things about this place! This French bistro opened up only a couple of months ago and it's already a popular spot! And rightfully so! I heard about this place from Yelp's recent brunch event there. I didn't get a chance to go to the event, but I made note of this new place and came here the next time I was in the area. I first came here for dinner with the hubby. We came during the peak time for dinner and the place was packed. The bar area is "first come, first serve", but there was only one seat open. And the wait was 45 minutes! Luckily, they were more than willing to find another stool chair to squeeze next to the one open seat. Yay! They gave us complimentary clam chowder and bread. The soup was great. It wasn't super salty like a lot of clam chowders. The bread is made in-house. Awesome! And it came with this AMAZING olive butter. I could eat the butter by itself. We ordered two items off their specials menu for the night: mussels in a saffron cream sauce with fries and beef bourguignon with mashed potatoes and ratatouille. The mussels were fresh and I could drink the cream sauce. The waiter suggested you let the fries soak in the sauce before eating them. The fries still stay crunchy! The beef bourguignon was hearty and you could taste the wine. The mashed potatoes were buttery and delicious while the ratatouille balanced the beef bourguignon. We got the chance to talk to the owner, Max, while sitting there eating. He's totally awesome. Super friendly and fun to talk to. He even gave us a complimentary creme brulee! The best creme brulee's I've ever had! It's not overly sweet and you can actually taste the egg in it. It has a egg custard tart taste to it. A MUST HAVE! Today I came back for brunch. Max remembered us and gave us a friendly welcome back. =) The salmon benedict is drool worthy! The portion is just the right size with the right amount of hollandaise sauce. And it comes with a great side of potatoes! Their omelettes have a unique texture and a must have for any omelette lover. If you want something hearty, the croque madame sandwich is UH-MAY-ZING. A grilled ham and cheese sandwich covered with bechamel sauce and topped with an egg any style you want. You MUST make this your next stop for brunch and dinner! It's the BEST French bistro in the area! Tell the owner, Max, that Daisy sent you. ^_~
My boyfriend and I have become weekend regulars here. Of the lunch items, I've tried the Quarter Pound Burger with Bleu Cheese and the Tuna sandwich. Both are really, really good, although I am more partial toward the burger. It was absolutely amazing that I decided to try and recreate it at home ( I failed. Get it with fries, by the way). The egg dishes for breakfast/brunch are generally good -- the home fries are delicious (I prefer theirs over Joanie's or Cafe Brioche). We've also been here for dinner -- it was OK.  Not gonna lie, but their dinner was not as spectacular as their brunch offerings. (I got the Ahi Tuna for dinner and was so disappointed that it wasn't seared when they served it). However, if you're looking for brunch, then this is the place to be! Also -- the reason why we keep coming back here is because the staff is absolutely friendly and truly want to give you the best experience possible. One morning, I asked whether they had any bacon even if it was not listed on the menu. Our waiter said he would check with the kitchen and a few minutes later, gladly returned with some to my delight - it was also on the house. One time, they also gave us free fries after they mistakenly served us salad instead of home fries. Our waiter also gave us a complementary croissant after he saw that my BF and I quickly devoured the Pan de Chocolait within minutes (we were super hungry).  Their brunch items are super great but obviously this kind of excellent attitude toward their customers has also had a big impact on why we keep coming back here.
Great place for a weekend brunch! Super yumi french toast. :)
Merci, Pastis, for accommodating our brunch crew yesterday morning! They went above and beyond and they absolutely deserve 5 stars for service alone. - Normally they don't take reservations, but I called ahead several weeks in advance and made a special request. Without any hesitation, it was decided that they would make an exception. - Not only did they take our reservation, but it was for their largest party size possible: a group of 15 - They called to remind me the day before! - Even when half of the group canceled/didn't show, they treated us like VIP's the entire meal Seriously, what other restaurant will do that for you? If you haven't worked in the food service industry or know someone who has, large groups are generally a nightmare. Food doesn't always come out at the same time, separate checks are usually necessary and they're generally more demanding than, say, a table of four. You would never know that our group of 8 was a pain in the ass :) Now on to the food - SO good! Pastis is an adorable little French bistro on California Ave. No wait (unlike other brunch spots in Palo Alto) and the food is equally as good. The brunch menu isn't extensive, which I like 'cause it gives the restaurant the ability to focus on doing a few dishes really well. Several of us had the crab cakes Benedict, but they also have special omelettes, stuffed French toast as well as freshly made pain au chocolat. Paired with a mimosa and you have a happy camper! Can't wait to go back and bring the BF to try. We love brunch, we love French food and the idea of not waiting in line to eat it is even better. Although with all of these positive reviews, there might be a line next time!
My hubby & I came here this afternoon after doing our Farmer's Market on California Ave. We sat outside as the weather was fantastic. The service here was great we were seated quickly and our waiter was very helpful. To start we both ordered a glass of the Riesling which was great. We shared a bowl of the French onion soup (love in a bowl). I ordered an omelet with salmon, capers, spinach, Swiss cheese which I found delicious the capers added just a hint of brininess to the dish. My hubby ordered the croissant breakfast sandwich which was equally as tasty. Although we sat outside we did use the facilities and the restaurant is small and unique. I will be going back...this time for dinner.
Pastis is one of those rare spots that is amazing for both brunch and dinner! After enjoying a fabulous Saturday brunch at Pastis a couple weeks back, my friend and I returned on Friday to see if dinner could match up, and it actually exceeded our expectations. BRUNCH: The atmosphere for brunch was light, airy and cheerful.  My friend and I split the nutella french toast and the classic eggs benedict, and both were divine, though I would probably recommend trying the nutella french toast with bananas to ease up on the sweetness.  The coffee was out-of-this-world: strong, rich, with no bitter after-taste.  I find myself yearning for a cup of Pastis' coffee even as I currently sip my own brew from home. Yeah, it's that good. DINNER: We had such a lovely experience for brunch, it is difficult to believe that dinner was even more exquisite.  To start, we were each brought a cup of cream of cauliflower soup, compliments of the chef.  It was a perfect pairing with the warm, crisp french bread, and a great way to start off the meal.  To drink, we ordered the kir royale, which we have been craving ever since returning from Paris -- such a treat!  The only less-than-stellar aspect of the night were the escargots, which left something to be desired -- they were not as flavorful or rich as I would have liked, and they were more difficult to extract from the shell than usual. However, our main dishes were extraordinary. My filet mignon was excellent and very flavorful, and the sides of mashed potatoes and ratatouille were perfect accompaniments.  I also managed to steal a taste of my friend's buf bourguignon(the Friday night special), and I was beyond impressed!  Both my mother and grandmother make this dish, and as much as I love their versions, I must say I actually think Pastis does it better! The chef brought us out a little dessert to taste at the end of the meal -- raspberries and shortbread -- which was the perfect cap to a wonderful evening. I can't say enough about Pastis, and I can't wait to return! FYI: Be sure to make reservations! And keep in mind that they don't do dinner on Sunday nights as of now. Service is nice and slow, French-style, allowing for plenty of time to enjoy food and conversation, so make sure you plan accordingly.  Also fun to note that most of the waitstaff is French and many of the patrons are French as well.
Great little find! Came here for lunch and got seated right away, not that big of a place so come early! Salade Nicoise- seared tuna, olives, anchovies, vegetables, eggs on butter lettuce- anchovy or the olive went well with the seared tuna and eggs. Service was pretty good to us, though the people next to us got pretty crappy service, their meal came out before their bread and their drinks came after the those! That's a shame.
Pastis has opened in the old Joanie's space.  They've redone it a bit so it looks more like a Parisian cafe and less like a diner.   The menu is a bit more French too.   At brunch, they have both breakfast and lunch menus.  Breakfast is eggs benedict, a variety of omelettes, and French toast.   Lunch is salads and sandwiches, including croque Monsieurs, steak sandwiches and hamburgers.    We were really looking forward to eating here, but ultimately its no better than Joanie's (which I think has gone downhill recently) or Cafe Brioche and is considerably more expensive. I had a vegetarian omelette with spinach, tomato, and mushroom ($13-ish, I think).  It was ok but pretty dry, and didn't  have a great flavor.  The roasted potatoes that came with it were decent (I've never met a potato I didn't like) but weren't nearly as good as they could have been.   My fiance had a steak sandwich ($15) which he really enjoyed, but he agreed the potatoes (same as mine) were a letdown.  They also brought us a complimentary brioche, which was nice of them.  However, it was absolutely inedible.   It had an overwhelming alcohol smell and flavor (I suspect due to overfermentation of the yeast).   I feel bad complaining about something free, but frankly, it was disgusting and the smell really killed my appetite.   Service was pretty slow as well. I also think its extremely overpriced.  $15 for a steak sandwich isn't so bad, since it had a fair amount of steak, but the hamburger was also $15, and the chicken sandwich was $14.   Nothing on the menu, except pastries, was less than $12.  Awfully expensive, even for pricey Palo Alto (in contrast, at Joanie's you can get eggs, potatoes and toast for around $8 and sandwiches are mostly around $10). It's a cute place, but for us the quality of food was lacking and certainly didn't justify the prices.
We came in for some sandwiches at lunch--I had the lamb which was the special of the day and my co-patrons had the  croque monsieur. Both were tasty and pretty rich. The homemade bread is incredible.
Yum!  Pastis is deliciously delectable! I am a bit of a brunch snob and am not a fan of brunch in a diner.  I'm always looking for a yummy brunch place that meets my criteria.  I definitely found it, here! Criteria it meets:  Clean, not too big, not noisy, cute, cozy, quality food, reasonable prices.  Yup, gets my stamp of approval. A note for anyone who tries to click on their website link on their yelp page - their server is down so the page won't load. Their brunch items range from $11-$15 a plate and they also have small bites like croissants and scones at $3 each.  Two friends and I went for brunch today (Saturday) at noon, and the wait was about 15-20 minutes.  It is definitely a small place, but worth the wait. Our waiter even had a French accent!  Gotta love when a French restaurant really has French people working there!  Adds to the experience. I ordered the insanely sweet French toast with hazelnut chocolate spread (that's how it's described on the menu).  A little too rich for me, but very good.  Fruit came with it and I ordered 2 scrambled eggs on the side - I don't think any of the french toast items came with eggs.  My companions had eggs benedict, which was really good, and a chocolate chip scone, which was good as well.  We also got mimosas - which were good and had a bit more champagne than orange juice, I believe :) Waiters were very nice - only thing I would've liked was a refill on my coffee.  I'll definitely be back with my French Canadian fiance.  And one of my companions said she wants to bring her husband there.  Hooray for a great brunch spot!
I've only been here once, but I *loved* it! From reading the other reviews, it looks like I'll have to try the brunch sometime, but we came here for dinner. Wonderful decor and atmosphere, and the service was excellent. I had the warm goat cheese salad, which was a bit heavy on the goat cheese, but very good. I also had the chicken in mustard sauce, which was fantastic. My dad had the steak, which he loved. And... the best part of the meal was the chocolate mousse. I don't usually order chocolate mousse because in so many places, it turns out to be way too much like chocolate pudding. Not here. It was light and chocolatey and rich and just... delicious. I'll definitely be coming back here.
i had the salmon benedict... i wasn't blown away, but it was good... the staff was very pleasant and patient.  the kids at the table ordered strawberry french toast, and it looked really good... they really seemed to have enjoyed it!
Pastis is a true gem! In the spot of the old Joanie's Cafe, it's a great alternative to the other restaurants if the lines are too long. I ordered the Omelet special: homemade sausage, spinach, tomato, and herbed goat cheese with egg whites (substituted) and house potatoes. Really, really solid and flavorful without being too much. My friend ordered the Croque Madame which was also a winner. Coconut French toast also seemed to be a win with my friends. On top of having a really solid menu of delicious items, they also gave us fantastic service that showed a true passion for the food. The waiter we had spoke with a French accent--not sure if that was natural or not, but I couldn't care less! He was incredibly attentive, patient, and helpful. Great service all around.
This is a great place for brunch.  I came here a bit past 1 as the farmers market was closing up so the crowd left and we didn't have to wait at all for a table. I got the Omelette de Campagne ( I think that's what it was called...it was the last omelette listed on the menu) which had tomatoes, spinach and mushrooms and came with a side of potatoes.  When it arrived, it didn't look like very much (ie - no mountain of potatoes) but it was just enough to make me full. Perfect. The omelette was light and fluffy with plenty of the tomatoes, spinach and mushrooms through out.  The potatoes were well cooked, seasoned and slightly crispy on the outside.  My omelette also came with a side of toasted bread which came with jam - a sweet way to end brunch.  Yummeh. Side note: The waiter and the bar tender/barista knew French - a nice and unexpected touch.
Quite delicious, service a bit slow though, like they were trying to keep us there
Limited brunch menu but executed well. I got the salmon cake benedict that came with home fries. The benedict was superb..perfectly poached eggs and light  yet savory hollandaise sauce. I normally don't care for fries, but I liked theirs. Our waiter mentioned that this was his favorite dish. Portion is on the small side, which is perfect for me. Otherwise, it's a good excuse to get croissants on the side, which I will have to try next time. My SO got the quiche lorraine. It was good, but for some reason was sweet. The greens that came with it balanced out the richness of the quiche well. We took a look at the dinner menu. It was not huge, but consisted of French bistro classics such as coq au vin and cassoulet. Was advised by our waiter to make a reservation for dinner. Can't wait to go back!
This is absolutely and simply the BEST restaurant.  And my new favorite! Service: Absolute best (SO friendly, hard-working, accommodating and real). Food: Absolute best (I'm serious...If I could eat all my meals here every day I would). Ambiance: Absolute best (Screams authentic french, from the decorations to the indoor or outdoor seating options). I went for a Friday dinner and my dining experience was heaven.  Everything about this restaurant is authentic. The first treat of the evening was the basket of perfectly moist and fresh white bread that was accompanied with a DELICIOUS olive infused butter....to die for.  Plus, they brought a lot of both the bread and butter--which was an added bonus. I ordered the filet of sole....not only the best sole I have ever had but the best fish I have ever had. Everything about it was perfect. Buttery, flakey, cooked to perfection, topped with capers (I think cooked in butter and garlic and lemon?) It was the most delicious plate and it was beautiful. It was served with fresh vegetables (roasted peppers, zucchini, and mushrooms) and a creamy and equally delicious side of mashed potatoes (swirled in a perfect heap). I usually take my time eating but I ate this so quickly--it was too good to be true. My mom ordered the filet of sea bass (which I tasted) and it was equally amazing! For dessert, the owner (Max: the perfect owner--exceptionally kind, accommodating, and so easy-going and personable all while being so hard working and managing the restaurant perfectly!) recommended the Chocolate Fondant with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. Oh my gosh. This is when my dining experience really reached heavenly levels.  The combination of hot, goo-ey, chocolate-y goodness with cold, creamy vanilla ice cream was exceptional. The best dessert....! I only wish my stomach were big enough to have ordered seconds. All in all: you MUST go to Pastis. It is simply the best restaurant around. You will not be disappointed. P.s. next time I am also going to get the escargot--can't wait! :)
I just finished a truly delightful brunch at Pastis. Max, the former manager of Joanie's and now owner of Pastis, has redone the old Joanie's location to make it a little more upscale and cozy. There is nice new woodwork and tables. I'm a big fan of Joanie's french toast (my boyfriend and I have gone there more or less every Sunday for a couple years), but when I saw the French toast offerings walking by Pastis I was tempted enough to betray my previous loyalties. I got Le Parisien, french toast stuffed with nutella and freshly sliced bananas. It may be the best french toast I've ever had, and I'm looking forward to trying their french toast stuffed with mascarpone, strawberry jam, and fresh strawberries next week! My boyfriend got eggs benedict with tomato and pesto, one of their four different kinds of eggs benedict. We were both enraptured with our food. Max even brought over a freshly baked pan au chocolat. I'm so happy for him -- this is really a labor of love and I'm so glad it's turning out so well. And there's not even a wait to get a table on Sunday morning! I was actually tempted not to write this review so that I wouldn't have to wait in the future, but I'm sure this place will catch on in a few months anyway and I'll dutifully wait for a table just like I've been doing at Joanie's for years.
Really?  4 1/2 stars?  Wow... I just don't get it...we must have hit this on the wrong day: Service: Poor.  Waited to be seated with several open table available.  The wait staff was unaware of their own seating availability.  Only after we mentioned to them there were seats outside, did they seat us promptly.  Check-in time:  They told us 10 min, we were seated in 18 min.  (Yes, I make a point of watching the clock) After asking for the check, it took almost 10 minutes for them to bring the bill.  Then, another 5 minutes before they came back for the card, another 8 minutes before they brought the completed transaction to the table.  Check out time: 23 minutes (again, I make a point of watching the clock) Food: Quiche Lorraine:  Calls for bacon, I got ham in mine.  Was extremely "watery" which indicates too much cream and not enough egg.  Not even a hint of swiss/gruyere cheese and the top was not browned.  Almost like a flan, but not as firm.  Terrible. Eggs Benedict:  Was just OK...the hollandaise sauce seemed frothy rather than creamy.  I've had better for the price tag of more than $12. Again, in all, I don't see what they hype is.  Perhaps we'll have to give in another chance.
The folks from Joanie's have brought another piece of French cuisine to Cal Ave in Palo Alto. After moving down the street to the big corner space once occupied by Round Table and Noah's Bagels, they've redone the original Joanie's space into a French bistro. Pastis represents many classic dishes that you don't see on many menus in the area. Cassoulet, Hachis Parmentier, Moules Frites, Charcurtie and Fromage platters, are just some of the classic French dishes you'll see here. After reading the menu over a few times, we decided to split a handful of things: -Frisee salad with lardons -Moules Frites aux Moutarde -Coquilles St Jacques -Canard et Pomme Gratin -Coq Au Vin -Blanquette de Veau -Tarte Tatin Bucking the trend of French food being small, you get plenty of hearty, tasty food here. Comfort food in a quieter atmosphere than the bustling contrast of Joanie's. Fitting for a chilly winter night. We've but touched a small piece of the menu and are looking forward to checking out more of it. Glad to see the Joanie's team expanding their culinary offerings into a space that has few representatives. 4.3 stars
This place might be the best brunch place in the area I've seen yet. The waiter was super helpful in picking out stuff. I had the omelette au fromage et jambon, but I loved having a brioche and nice hot black coffee along with it. Will be back for sure!
yum yum yums. came here for brunch on a beautiful sunday morning and we got to sit outside. yay! I got the the eggs benedict with a grilled tomato on it. mmm... they were nice enough to modify it for me. I couldn't decide if I wanted ham or tomato so I got both. the bf got the croque monsieur with an egg. omg tasty! I was lucky enough to get to share it with him. Otherwise I would have been super jealous. Mine was good, but his was better! cousin got the regular eggs benedict- he liked it bf's sister got the eggs florentine- she liked hers too the potatoes that came with it were darn good. the only problem with them was that there wasn't enough!  (I was full but just wanted more potatoes) my cousin even tried to steal one while my head was turned. All 4 of us were happy with our brunch. I'd definitely come back here again
I've been to Joanie's so many times but I didn't realize that the owner opened a new, fancier joint a couple doors down until Abby S. summoned the brunch-lovers to join her for a CMYE! Wow, how exciting, it was literally around the corner from where I work so I definitely had to go!! I opted for the daily special coconut and banana bread pudding (it was more like french toasts) even though the crab cakes egg benedict seemed to be the "theme" at our table that day. I'm just a sucker at french toasts and with coconut and banana, homemade, what not to love???!! (believe me it was tough to not order the benedict though and I was salivating over others' plate as I was waiting for my food to arrive, lol). Well.. the photos speak for itself...although.. sorry, you really have to take a bite of that coconut and banana bread to really know that IT WAS SOOO DELICIOUSLY YUMMY!!! I really appreciate that they gave quiet a good serving of fresh fruit with the bread, the bread was rich but not overly sweet and not greasy at all! I love the freshly whipped cream that came with it too, yummy!! it was like a party in my mouth every time I had a bite. Coconut, bananas, bread, fresh cream, and syrup.... work so well! The portion was very modest, not overly large, but not tiny... perfect amount of food! I've since told my coworkers about Pastis, we will certainly have a lunch/brunch trip to Pastis often from now on.
I've decided that 9 times out of 10, you really can't go wrong with neighborhood french bistros.  They offer a certain amount of comfort and quality that you crave every so often.  I came here with my bff and enjoyed a wonderful lunch while catching up.  I took my 3 month old which made it a little difficult maneuvering a stroller around, but the staff was very accomodating and friendly about it.  We both got the grilled chicken sandwich with salad.  I especially liked the chicken since it wasn't too dry and the garnishes were spot on.  Presentation was nice and the warm bread to start off with was a nice touch.  Oh!  And they had a savory olive butter with it. Really tasty!  I can't wait to take my family back here and show them a little piece of Paris in Palo Alto. :)
Recommended by friends who have had breakfast, lunch, and dinner. We just have had lunch there. I had the fried chicken liver salad. That may not be a universal treat but a lot of neighboring tables were having it as well a me. It was large and delicious. Unlike most French places, the portions of everything seemed to be quite generous. Their execution of all things French was excellent.
My inability to wait in line for a meal led me to this place on a cheerful Sunday farmer's market morning.  After looking at the cluster of people meandering within and out of Joanies Cafe, I knew there was no chance I could....or would partake. **Grumble      Grumble***   "Let's keep going down Cal Ave".... We ended up opting for Pastis, which still had a rather full house but did have one open table right at that moment.  Service was very warm and personable.  Yes, could be a little slower during the lunch rush... but still pleasant! Pastis offers daily specials which the server will divulge to you when he comes around to take your order.  Twice now, I have chosen something on the menu only to lured by the daily special....  The power of persuasion?  Delicious adjectives?  Food ADD? I've had bread pudding french toast and an omelette with goat cheese, spinach, shallots, prosciutto, and portobello mushrooms.  Bread pudding french toast was the ultimate feel-good dish-- warm, slightly sweet, and hearty.  Omelette was also fantastic!  Ingredient to egg ratio was just right to hold in the combination of flavors.  Goat cheese crumbles within gave a nice burst of flavor every bite without being overwhelming.  Comes with brioche and potatoes, so you become nice and full. My boyfriend has had the salmon benedict and the daily special crab cake benedict.  I would highly recommend the salmon benedict between the two, although both were great.  Salmon was cooked perfectly and melted in your mouth. I am so pleased my child-like impatience led me here.
Between 3.5 and 4 stars. I came here for brunch this past Saturday. Pastis just opened, taking over the former location of Joanie's. They seem to be doing well--it was fairly busy when we arrived, but we only had to wait about 5 minutes to be seated without a reservation. They did a great job updating the restaurant. When it was Joanie's, the interior was a little dated. The restaurant now reminds me of Left Bank and Absinthe. The brunch menu includes omelettes, eggs benedict, croque madame, french toast, and freshly made croissants. We tried the plain and chocolate croissant which were both very good, although I preferred the chocolate one. The croissant was buttery, dense, and filled with dark chocolate YUM. All of our dishes were very fresh with quality ingredients, although I felt like my croque madame and potatoes were lacking in flavor. Nevertheless, I would recommend Pastis for a pleasant weekend brunch that's not too expensive (~$12-15/plate). I also saw the special of the day, which was peanut butter and jelly french toast with fresh fruit and it looked amazing! I'll have to try it next time :)
Absolutely fan-freakingtastic restaurant! This restaurant opened up after Joanie's cafe moved down the street. My friend and I came here for brunch and were seated quickly at the bar. The restaurant is very quaint, holding only 13 tables, which allows you to have your own conversation with your table privately and do your own business. I ordered the Salmon Benedict which was amazing. They have a really flavorful hollandaise here and the salmon cake was high quality. The eggs were poached perfectly, and the dish came out nice and warm. The potatoes they served with it were crisp and well seasoned. My friend ordered the coconut bread pudding french toast (it was an unlisted special , but I would request it on future if you visit). This wasn't just french toast with some coconut extract added. There were full shredded pieces of coconut in each slice, and they served it with a real maple syrup which didn't overpower the flavors in the toast. Definitely highly recommended. The restaurant owner came to us several times to see how our meal was and to have great conversation. It's great to see that he is so invested in getting this place off the ground. I think I may have found my new Palo Alto brunch spot!
Came here twice for brunch so far, and enjoyed the gourmet French cuisine. Food tastes amazing, their french toast and omelettes are to die for. The Pan Bagnat (tuna sandwich) blew my mind. Will definitely keep coming here regularly.
LOVED the Yelp! brunch event here last Saturday!  So generous pouring the champagne Abby S. brought... and such amazing food. Le Parisien-- french toast stuffed with nutella and banana-- was mindblowingly good.  The omelette special we got (smoked salmon and goat cheese) was a little runny, a little salty, and a little light on the goat cheese, but between the potatoes, the free brioche that came with it, and the overall experience of the place, these complaints really are very little ones. The brunch entrees run about $13-$15-- just something worth noting, since their menu's not online yet!
I just finished an amazing brunch at Pastis. Joanie's Cafe has been a favorite since I moved to Palo Alto, and one of my favorite things about its old location was the friendly and delightful manager who always took time to talk to me. I was thrilled to walk into the old Joanie's location to find that it is now his restaurant.  The brunch menu is heavy on eggs benedict, fine with me, and I had an excellent salmon benedict with perfect Hollandaise. My dining companion had the florentine, which was reportedly also excellent. I must admit to being in a state of slightly altered consciousness during the meal, induced by a well prepared mimosa (freshly squeezed orange juice!) and warm flakey pain au chocolat that I couldn't resist trying while we were waiting. I have a new favorite brunch place for 2012 and I am thrilled about it.
Really liked the food, service and price.  It instantly became a top 2 restaurant for me in Palo Alto.
I'm a super fan of this place and the passionate French man who owns the place. For brunch he recommended a banana pudding French toast that was not on the menu and it was AMAZING!!!  HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT. I ordered the ham and brie omelet and it was simple and good - thought it could've used a little more brie since I'm a cheese lover. Overall, I love the cheery ambiance of the place, and I look forward to coming back for that banana pudding french toast.
love love love! I may have found my favorite bunch spot! I really enjoyed brunch at Pastis this past weekend.  We arrived around 11:30 and there were several tables available. Service was great.  Our server checked up on us frequently and our water glasses were never empty.  It was clear that the server cared about our business. Food was delicious! I had the salmon cake benedict.  The egg was cooked to perfection.  The salmon cake was flavorful and had just the right amount of breading.  bF got the omelet special with house-made pork sausages.  Both dishes came with potatos that had the perfect texture (just slightly overcooked so the skin was crunchy). Overall I really enjoyed my experience at Pastis.  I can't wait to return to try their dinner items. Note: prices are a bit high.  The breakfast items run about $13-$16 per dish.  The Mimosas was $8.50 (which at some restaurants would have been bottomless).  Nonetheless the ambiance and great experience makes up for it!
It is a part of France! 90% of people(including staff) in there speak French. We went there for Brunch. We had already tried 2 other cafes in California Ave but it was not as good as other 2! The price is high comparing to what you get, in terms of variety, size and taste! there are much better cafes in the same street.
Four friends and I went to Pastis the week it opened.  Excellent French bistro dishes with surprisingly larger portions.  Loved everything I ate that night:  Onion Soup, Sauteed Chicken Liver Salad, and Boeuf Bourguignon.  I need to come back and try the Cassoulet, Bouillabaisse, Canard Magret, Coq au Vin, Blanquette de Veau, and of course, the wine list!  ;) Congratulations, Maxime!  See you guys soon for Cassoulet!  :)
Came here for brunch today. Not sure if it appeared me and my hipster friends were into social media and thought we'd promote his restaurant, but the owner paid us an unusual amount of attention (incl. free french toast). Lucky for him I am! The food was great. I got the salmon benedict and it was quite tasty. The hollandaise was unusually well done (good hollandaise is rare, as I'm sure you'll agree). We also tried his banana pudding french toast (AMAZING) and a nutella banana french toast (which was good too but not as good as the banana pudding one). The owner, a sweet and upbeat frenchman, was a hoot to be around. He'll wax poetic about his food and make you a believer. However, the food was definitely on the expensive side. I ended up paying ~$25 after tax/tip. Although the food was good, I can think of quite a few restaurants I'd rather spend $25 at, hence the loss of a star. I'll be back for dinner though as the menu and ambience (as he told me) is quite different. Will write a separate review for that.
This is a good neighborhood French bistro. Nicely decorated, it is small, so you need to make a reservation (or plan to arrive early if it's lunch...they don't take reservations for lunch). They have a good wine list, daily specials, and my mahi mahi entree over white beans with a delicious sauce was a good surprise. The outstanding feature...and the forth star, is the service. We were spoiled with attentive service, even though the place was packed on a Friday afternoon. Another reason to come early is parking. The lot in back (entrance on Sherman) crowds early.
Had a spectacular bistro lunch today at Pastis. My wife had the burger and I had mussels and frites. The burger is hands down the best burger in Palo Alto now and Ive pretty much tried them all. The balance of fat and meat is perfect - not greasy but lots of juice. We got it cooked medium which was cooked all the way through but only so much that it stays moist. The muscles had all the classic tastes to it - garlic, white wine etc but I was surprised how well the Kalamata Olives and Cured Artichokes go with the broth. My wife couldn't keep her hands out of my plate. And whilst Joanie's had good fries, they've kicked it up a few notches here. Malek and Max run a tight ship over there. I highly recommend it and cant wait to taste some of the bistro dinner fare they have on the menu. A great business lunch spot in the day and a great dinner menu as well.
We had a delightful late supper on a weekday at Pastis.  The restaurant was nearly full, though we didn't have to wait long for a table to be reset. The personnel were pleasant and efficient - no evidence of a haughty attitude that sometimes accompanies a french accent in a bistro. Our nice-and-fresh meals were served promptly, after enjoying the olive-infused butter on crusty bread.  The Nicoise salad was generous in both its butter lettuce and seared tuna, the slices of potato and egg elegantly simple, and the anchovy treat not overlooked.  The sole-with-almonds was pan fried with a nicely browned crumb coating.  It came with two vegetable side dishes at our request to avoid the carb side. Both meals - hot and cold - were solid and tasty, with no surprises in either the plus or minus columns. We wrapped the meal up with a good, strong espresso and look forward to returning to Pastis.
Dinner at Pastis last night was to die for! I had the filet mignon with bearnaise sauce, and it was so tender that it melted in my mouth. The sauce was sheer perfection, and just the right amount! My husband had the halibut special...also terrific. But the piece de resistance was the dessert...can't remember the french word. It's a warm chocolate liquid sauce with a touch of raspberries surrounding a dollop of vanilla ice cream. The presentation was delightful...a deliciously memorable meal!
Ate at Pastis for the first time Friday night. As an avid frequenter of the old Joannie's, I've been... Read more 
After mooching around one weekend morning at the Palo Alto farmer's market, we were still feeling hungry and craving some yummy food. (Those tiny samples from the market weren't cutting it). I searched for brunch suggestions in Palo Alto and Pastis came up, and since the place had good reviews we made our way and asked for a table (for 5). With the Saturday morning crowd, there was predictably a wait (for 45 mins). What we didn't expect was the hostess's insistence that we wait outside the entire time. I saw from the wait list that other people had given their phone #s before and pointed it out to the hostess. Apparently, they "just" decided not to call people and let them know that their table was ready. Usually, I would have been mad but it had been such a pleasant morning until then and I was in a very patient mood. 20 minutes later, we were seated and the service at the table was much better. I love the french accent and I caught myself mimicking it as I gave my order (although I can't speak French to save my life :) We got the Croque Monsieur, the Provencal and their special - a french toast with blackberry stuffing. The food was terrific and my croque monsieur would have been even better if they hadn't forgotten to serve the fried egg on top. By this time, I was ravenously hungry and ignored this faux pas and for the next 30 minutes didn't look up from my plate. Yes, I was that hungry and the portions were that big. Next was coffee and it was pretty good without being special. After the long wait and a full stomach, I would have loved to linger a little longer but the line of people waiting outside near our table made it impossible to stay relaxed. All in all, this is a promising brunch option and I will certainly be back. Need to have at least one smooth experience with no hiccups before I can bump this to 4-stars.
solid 4 stars. or maybe even 4.5. very nice ambience. i was surprised. food was good. i wouldn't say it's the best brunch food, but the over all experience was good. we had the specials - seafood omelete (it comes with a scone and potatoes) and peach french toast (comes with fruit). the french toast was better than the omelete. scone was ok but it would be better if it was warm. would definitely go back again.  next time i'll try the Croque Monsieur.
fabulous meal! We will go back for sure!
My favorite place for brunch in Palo Alto. I try to come here at least once a week. The hard part is deciding what to get. Chef specials are always great. The burger is hands down the best in Palo Alto. The ambiance is charming, authentic French bistro and the service deserves 6 stars. Here is a passionate local business owner with a tastefully concise menu that focuses on fresh ingredients and brilliant flavors. Must try!
My search for the perfect eggs benedict in the Bay Area is over, perfectly poached eggs with housemade hollandaise. The salmon cakes eggs benedict sont tellement delicieux! Cute french bistro, we walked by Joanie and the wait was well over 30min, and the menu appeared to be pretty generic similar to Stacks and I remembered Pastis was located nearby. The atmosphere is much nicer and quieter and I will definitely be back again!!!
Amazing food and wine, and awesome service. Loved the ambience, the language, the culture. Cute little restaurant, tucked away in a corner. Make sure to reserve before going.
After reading a review recently posted I felt I needed to speak up. Pastis has nothing to do with the restaurant in NY. Do you have any idea how many places in the US are called Pastis? Come on! And who cares if they don't serve the liquor there. That's lame. Maybe they will be in the future? How do you know? It's a fun, cute french name that's easy to say and represents a part of the culture. Harmless in my opinion. Left Bank doesn't have a bank - I mean seriously what's the point? Everyone I have spoken with says the place feels like you are in a bistro in Paris. The owner/manager-Max is 100% French and his accent is real. Can't believe people would think they fake it! Most of the other wait staff are either from France or are from a french speaking country. No one is faking it. Speaking of fake- I'm sure the many many happy customers and yelpers would take great offense to Patrik for his accusation that all of the posted reviews are fake. Does he realize that these people have yelp accts and the restaurant has no part in the review process? In a sea of glowing reviews I find the one from Patrik interesting since he did not list any specifics on the poor service and food.  Has he even ever been there? No restaurant is prefect, especially a brand new one. Obviously the majority of yelpers agree with me that Pastis is off to a wonderful start- if the booked for dinner almost every night doesn't give that away! The food is delicious. Service is top notch. Place is friendly,clean& cozy. I see their future only getting brighter. Returning happy customers, countless happy reviews and the fact that they are always packed tells me that Patrik is on his own with his review.
Amazing scones on the weekends! Read more 
... went back again the other night and lo and behold it was pretty packed. You needed a reservation and we did not have one. No worries... we were seated at the bar and had another fabulous meal.
Fantastique! I was a big fan of Joanie's when Max was there and after eating at Pastis for the first... Read more 
Went there for our group's Wednesday Lunch Club. I ordered a medium steak sandwich with Francais fries. The sandwich was just okay with melted swiss cheese and some onions. The price is pretty steep ($15) for a steak sandwich I can go to say Quinzo's or Subway for tastier Philly Cheesesteak. Anyways, I guess since it's Francais, then everything is a bit more expensive. I would recommend a better French cuisine place in SF and even Berkeley area.
Their salad nicoise is really delicious and it is definitely worth the visit.  On the downside, the French Toast portion was pretty small and did not meet expectations.  However, the offering of a freshly baked croissant at the end of the meal was an unexpected delight.  This place definitely has lots of potential to become a hot spot on California, though I would probably stick with the French standards.
Dropped in during the farmers market today for brunch.  About a 20 min wait while we walked around some more.  A nice French bistro feel with well prepared dishes.  The Eggs Benedict had nice soft yolks.  Tuna sandwich was a pleasant surprise with a nice piece of medium rare grilled tuna (not the canned flakes), olive tapenade and a hint of anchovies on a soft roll--delicious!  Clams Special was in a tomato based broth and came with fries.  $14 for a nice portion of clams and the extra broth was yummy for bread dipping.   The Onion soup was flavorful (bit salty) and a meal in itself with the complimentary bread on the table for a small appetite. It's not a cheap brunch ($65 for 4), but not expensive given the quality of the food.  Our French speaking waiter was very nice and sitting next to a French speaking family with little kids was an added bonus for the atmosphere.   Definitely a nice option for the area.  Will be back for dinner AND dessert.
they should offer MUCH BETTER latte/cappuccino. omelette was great.  briosh that accompanied it - was great too. French toast - instead of Challah, they used the same dough they used for the briosh.  Texture  and taste both were disappointing. service: other than a slow start - perfect. lemon test: 2 instead of 3.  decided to let it go. will i be back?  yes, BUT - will ensure i discuss coffee before ordering and will try one-two other dishes.
What a lovely place to have brunch!  The menu is descriptive, the staff is pleasant, and the food is delicious!  Wait to hear the daily specials before you make you final decision!  The food came out hot and the eggs Benedict was perfect.
I had a wonderful light lunch here this week--a bowl of ratatouille (my request which they cheerfully accommodated) and a perfect salade de laitue--tender butter lettuce with a dijon vinaigrette like only the French can make.   I felt that I had been transported to Paris for a wonderful hour.  The servers were friendly, attentive, and polite.  The interior is lovely.    It was good to see the restaurant full during the lunch hour--this place deserves to succeed and I will be going back, often!
Excellent new brunch place serving French food. Loved the banana/coconut pudding and the Parisienne.
I had the pleasure of dining at Pastis last might to celebrate Valentines Day. It was my third time here, having come once before for dinner and also for brunch. The Valentines Day prix fixe menu was fantastic, from start I finish I was in that happy place that only comes from enjoying really excellent food and great wine. The dessert selection was also excellent and considering how full I was when I left, the price was very fair. The fresh croissants and eggs Benedict selections are also not to be missed during brunch service. And I can say with complete assurance that I will be back for more. Every time I come here the food hits the spot, and it is obviously prepared by people who know their craft. Max shows passion and enthusiasm for his food that only adds to the experience you'll have when dining here.
So sad, I wish they had a SLIGHTLY bigger menu for brunch. Their croissants were fabulous and the potatoes were very good. I'd just love a couple more options with less pretense. Ambiance was great, wait time was kind of absurd.
Friendly service. Loved the chicken liver salad!
The best bourride ever! Mussels, shrimps, prawns, salmon, scallops, ahi tuna, mahimahi, and the chef's secret. And to go with it, a good French beer, 1664 kronenbourg.
This place is great.  Great food and great service.  Nice addition to cal ave
This place is fabulous! Brunch is my favorite meal and they did not disappoint - nutella and banana stuffed french toast? YES PLEASE! Authentic French cuisine and friendly French servers make it an experience. This will definitely be a regular spot for me.
The food was divine and the waiter was darling and attentive.  I can't wait to go back!  It's small so be sure to call ahead for a reservation (for dinner, anyway).
A bit pricey, but very Francais.  A lot of French nationals breakfast, lunch, or dine here, which testifies to how good it is.  Service is much better than Joanie's or Brioche.  Really fun on Farmer's Market days, since people will come in with their purchases.  My only complaint is that the specials can be small in portion, but big on price, although they are beautifully presented.
Sorry no four star, I am streching it at three and after I reread some of the other reviews I have changed it to a two. I found this to be average and for the price I expected more.  My omette was overcooked and dry and lacking in goat cheese compared to the lady next to me that ordered the same thing and the 7 small piece of potatoes were dry.  For 14 buck for an omelette atleast put a sauce on it. The French toast was very good. Service seemed impassionate.  Coffee cup sat near empty for most the breakfast, got filled when already finished all I could eat.  Maybe the French chef was off sick today but the cooks weren't French and that may be why the omelette seemed more American.  As I was walking out the door I say another table with the same omelette but it had a sde of some bread that looked pretty good.  Some of the other reviews mentioned this allusive bread that I didn't get.  Maybe I was suppose to request if or just the kitchen is inconsistant as was the cheese.
Had lunch at Pastis with three other friends and everything was excellent.   We were all impressed how much it was truly like a Parisian bistro.  I had the salmon sandwich and it was delicious.  Friends had the tuna nicoise salad, fish special and onion soup.   When the food took a little long to come out, they gave us complementary chocolate mousse, which was also delicious.  Then we ordered creme brulee and it was the best we ever had, and a huge portion. I disagree entirely with the one poor review on Yelp about Pastis.  The reviews are not fake.  I will come back and tell my friends to eat here.
My first visit to Pastis was yesterday for lunch.  I had the lamb shank with garlic mashed potatoes and it was fabulous.  The apple tatin was equally wonderful.  Pastis definitely has the feeling of a Paris bistro.  The service is great.  I think the prices are reasonable, especially for over-priced Palo Alto/Menlo Park.  The wine we had was $7 and $8 and was actually good, which you can't say about many other restaurants in that area.  I'll definitely return and I selfishly hope that too many people don't find out about this place.
What a charming French bistro.  Small but tastefully decorated.  Excellent waitstaff.  Lunch was terrific....croque monsieur was perfect, chicken entree was wonderful.  We will definitely be repeat customers.
Maxime's new creation on California Avenue is refreshing and elegant.  An excellent choice for client meetings and a continuously developing menu.  The steak with pomme frittes is a filling choice during lunch but if you're looking for healthy, can't go wrong with the salad nicoise.  Joni's is still around the corner but for tastier food or a great date place, Pastis meets that need.
highly overhyped restaurant; food was prepared hours in advance and reheated; lettuce was not crisp in the salad; duck and sauce were not cooked together, the sauce just slapped on top of the duck before being brought to the table
Excellent French food with personable service: fantastic addition to Palo Alto's restaurant offerings.
We've had the wonderful opportunity to try Pastis for breakfast, lunch & New Year's Eve. It is now our favorite place! Love the decor & atmosphere! The menu for New Year's Eve was wonderful, satisfying every taste bud! Our breakfast/lunch today was so good that my husband & I are still talking about it! The bread pudding french toast was the BEST french toast I have ever had! My husband's seared tuna sandwich was also pretty AWESOME! So many items on the menu that we want to try! Fantastic job, Max!  The development, design, food & attention to patrons is OUTSTANDING! See you next weekend!
Wonderfully delicious dinner! Generous portions. Attentive waiters. Will return to dine often.
Another great offering from the people that brought us Joanie's (and previously, Cafe Brioche). The owner of this restaurant said that he opened it because there's only one other place to get traditional French bistro food in the Bay Area (which is in San Francisco). This restaurant has really great service, the same wonderful olive-butter spread and French onion soup as Cafe Brioche and an assortment of meat dishes that are also really great and filling. Will definitely come back!
If you love mussels, this is the place to come.  The menu offers a choice of 3 sauces. The bivalves were very fresh, plump and delicious and brought back memories of eating in France. The gorgonzola cream sauce with the mussels was splendid and came with hot pommes frites. The serving size was very large and I had a doggy bag for my lunch the next day.  Initially we were brought an amuse-bouche of butternut squash soup, which lit up our taste buds.  The rest of the menu is varied and appealing with classic French dishes. The waiters were very pleasant and helpful. We shared half a carafe of Rosenblum Zinfandel that was rich and lovely. We will definitely be back.
