Joined our friends  from Palo Alto for Saturday dinner. Elegant. Good service. Great food.  Sweet breads  and duck were voted the best by our table. Nice wine list. Overall in terms of atmosphere, service, menu and all the stuff people enjoy it was most excellent
Great little cafe in Palo Alto with good food -- although I'd say for the portion size it's overpriced. The menu is not extensive, but the service is great. Per my usual at most new French places, I had to get the moules mariniere and was pleasantly surprised by the added chili spiciness - a bit different from your usual mussels in wine. Just for that I'd be willing to come back sometime to try the chef's spin on other classics -- but there are just too many other places on the foodie bucket list to try first!
The trouble here started immediately:  we ordered two glasses of "GH Mumm" champagne off the menu only to receive two mini-bottles of Mumm Cuvee M (not the same thing, from Napa, and ergo not champagne).  On pointing out that it was categorically not GH Mumm, the server chuckled and the proceeded to have us "taste" the mini-bottles before serving them.  There is so much wrong here, I won't detail it, not the least of which is that I later saw that they actually did offer real champagne by the glass and had she pointed that out, I would have been happy to order it. The snails were a disaster:  lukewarm and with nowhere near enough sauce.  We asked to have them reheated and ate them, but the experience was already in trouble.  The cheese fondue starter was a lot more fun, but they put a candle where a sterno should gone in the warmer so it quickly cooled, became incredibly stringy, and produced a lot of fun in pulling 2 foot long stretches of cheese from the pot.  Eventually -- after too long -- they noticed and offered to reheat it.  But they had already put in our main plates order to the kitchen, so there wasn't much time to enjoy the reheated fondue. The beef en croute was a disaster.  Well, the beef was OK if overcooked (came medium-well, ordered rare), but the pastry around it was a disaster.  Doughy, undercooked, soggy.  Rather shocked that anyone would even serve that.   The duck was good, the potatoes with it warm, but the carrots sadly dry and cold.  The lamb was a touch overcooked but good.  The best thing we had was just a plain straight-up filet mignon that we ordered for one of the kids that was a great piece of meat, cooked perfectly. For dessert, they were "unable to offer" 3 of the 7 items on the menu (including the creme brule) at around 7pm on a Saturday, suggesting to me a restaurant that's struggling. Editorially, I'd offer that this place is in some parallel universe similar to Beausejour in Los Altos.  Older clientele.  A French colonial feel (Lebanon as opposed to Vietnam for Beausejour).  Only adequate, if that, food.  If the Beausejour crowd wanted to come to Palo Alto, this is where they'd go. The best part of the experience was the piano player.  Joe Mag, I believe, was his name.  Older, soft music (dare I say cruise ship) for the crowd.  But good fun and good music nevertheless.  Joe can make it worth the trip, provided you can navigate the perils of the menu.  Bring your own sterno, and if things are going south you might want to drink it.
The only reason this place gets 2 stars rather than 1 is because the service was pretty good.  The waiter was very attentive and our glasses were constantly filled. The food was just bad.  Bland, boring, uninspired.  The steak was not well seasoned, the mussels were too salty, the Charcuterie was made-up of awful meats, and the scallops were flavorless and chewy.  The only good thing was the cheese plate, so unless they make their cheese in-house, I have someone else to thank. As a couple other reviewers have mentioned, the woman who appears to be the owner of the establishment was behind the bar the entire time, sipping on wine and talking with a friend of hers.  Both of them were pointedly looking at the three tables of guests which gave the impression that they were talking about us.  Not a great feeling.
We wanted to try this restaurant for a while and went there on Saturday. Very nice place with good food. Server was helpful with wine. They have an interesting selection of French wines and some of them were not known to me. While we waited busser brought a basket of gujers with melted gruyere. Food is excellent. Unusual but very tasty soup from cantaloupe, smoked trout salad and golden beets salads deserved to be written about. It looks like their duck is acknowledged by multiple writers. It is the best, indeed. I'm glad we did not weighted our choice on unfavorable reviews and tried ourselves. Will come back to try wild boar and other treats.
I went to Bon Vivant since my friend insisted on it because she had a $25 off coupon.  I was not impressed and would not return.  They did not get our orders straight, I had to keep asking for ice, they did not fill my water.  The salad, which was $15 was small and only had these little potatoes with it.  The boar  was tough.  I did not think it was worth the price and wasn't that impressed with the atmosphere either.
I came here for a birthday dinner with a friend and had a great time.  It can certainly be a bit pricey - I'd put it more in the $$$ range - but the food is very good at the atmosphere is among the best in DTPA. We had the mussels, duck, and had the strawberry creme brulee for dessert.  The mussels were perfect!  The duck was very good, but not as crispy on the outside as i'd have liked, and the demi-glaze was a bit too sweet.  It's also not a lot of food, so I'd recommend a salad or other appetizer.  We shared the strawberry creme brulee, which was really a nice treat.  I'm a bit of a creme brulee snob, but this was a nice twist - strawberry puree on the bottom and burnt caramel on the top.  Too sweet for my taste, though - I prefer a rich vanilla bean creme brulee - but this was definitely a fun twist. The service was impeccable.  The restaurant was very empty when we arrived at 9:30 on a Friday, which was both nice but also felt a bit too quiet.  The waiter was friendly and attentive (though hard to say if this would remain the case if busy). If you pay with credit, they'll bring an iPad to the table with Square to accept payment.  It's a bit nice, but I didn't like the way it forced me into a 15, 20, or 25% tip. Mostly it's my own neuroticism, but I like the use the tip to round the total :) With the system, you had to select one of the three pre-sets.  Service was great, so not an issue, but if you wanted to undertip, not an option. Overall, a great find in downtown Palo Alto - I'll definitely be back! Greg
Our waiter (the only waiter) was knowledgable, enthusiastic, and delightful. The decor is lovely, and feels like a top-quality restaurant with nice cutlery, white table cloths, crystal chandeliers, and unique tables and chairs. The food was meh overall, and not worth the high prices. Fresh, day-boat seafood starters and salads were enjoyable, and a possible reason to return, along with the wine selection, which was decent. Entrees were hugely disappointing because the chef made changes to the preparations, and prepared the food differently than described on the menu (he did this with the starters too, but it was not as noticeably offensive!) The worst part of our dining experience was the owner, who stood behind the bar glaring, not even offering a hello or smile to us, all the while watching the only waiter take care of 8 tables without helping him out! Not a good restauranteur, and a big reason why I do not wish to support her establishment!
We went for brunch to Bon Vivant coming back from the Farmers market. It was delicious. My wife ordered an omelette with wild mushrooms and I had a smoked duck salad. The waiter suggested a few good wines. We ended up ordering champagne since they happened to have quite a few of them. It was very pleasant and relaxing to sit outside and enjoy beautiful sunny day. The dinner menu looks great, I'm looking forward to trying Bon Vivant for dinner next.
I've been waiting for this place to open and was very excited to see that it finally did last week. ... Read more 
We were nearby for the Silicon Valley Modern home tour. After looking at homes we were famished. We were promptly seated. Water offered. The freshest warm bread appeared on the table. Gawd sooo good. Nothing can beat fresh bread and a bit of creamy butter. Good start! We shared a bowl of Tomato Bisque soup and Yellow beets salad. Both were outstanding. We had two  simple entrees. The Crepe Chagall and Baby lamb chops. Both were excellent choices.  My chops were tender and tasty.  The crepe was healthy but tasted sinful. Elegant white linen covered tables.  Establishment appropriate music and the ambiance was set. It felt romantic even at late lunch. I was expecting to hear a "oui"  "oui" from the kitchen but was settled back to reality gently when our waiter started talking in a totally different language. Haha! Bummer! Back to that bread! I would come back for that and some of that beet salad. Sit outside and sip some wine.
Experience #1: Great, quality, beautiful food. Solid service. One of the better restaurants in PA. Experience #2: Decent, par, bland food. Poor service. Still one of the better restaurants in PA. But, I'll bet the chef has changed.
Cafe Bon Vivant provides extremely rare combination of upscale classy feel and cozy comfort of being at home. Elegant interior design, tasteful selection of plates, silverware and even tablecloth as well as a selection of fresh flowers makes your food taste and your visual experience amplify and reinforce each other. Great selection of periodically changing artwork exhibits completes the picture. And have I mentioned the food ? :) Every dish, from the simplest to the most sophisticated leave long lasting joyful impression on you, and make you want to keep coming for more ! Recent update of the menu brought in a few new wonderful dishes, great for folks who like myself enjoy food diversity. My favorite part of Bon Vivant experience is, of course, unique and sophisticated music events : ranging from jazz to classical. The selection of musicians is superb, and their performances deeply move the audience, and the range of programs is diverse and covers all tastes: from little children to retirees. If you are around Palo Alto downtown, make sure that you find the time to experience this new gem of a restaurant (while you still can get in :) ).
Returned there this week. Service was better than when previously went. Both had the Salmon Crepes. They were loaded with salmon and just delicious. We shared a charcuterie plate first and there were 3 good cheeses, some nuts, dried fruit, and toast on it. Fortunately, they had better art up this time since I criticized them for that before. Would go there again. Would like to try dinner. Went back for lunch 6 weeks later. They couldn't fill many of the items on the lunch menu. Not good. Didn't have what we wanted.
Husband and i shared a charcuterie plate. Was very good, but had to ask for additional toast since... Read more 
Arghhhh. This place makes me want to pull my hair out. I actually haven't a clue what the other guys are talking about. The steak tartare is the worst i've had in my life. I think mine had a few pieces of silver skin, and it was under-seasoned. The rest of the food was equally bad. In my opinion the food was extremely underwhelming, bordering on inedible. On the bright side, the place looks nice. The service was, exceptionally good! But, i would stay miles away from this place.
I rarely write reviews on Yelp, and this one won't be too long.  The main reason I'm reviewing this place is this: Bon Vivant is an absolutely wonderful restaurant, with amazing food, very good service, and very nice atmosphere.  Yet few people seem to know about it.  I would absolutely, positively hate to see this restaurant close because nobody knows about it, yet it has to pay Palo Alto rent! I've been here a couple of times, and I'd love to keep coming for many, many more years.  Most people who go there seem to like it a lot.  The people I'd sent there keep thanking me for telling them about Bon Vivant.  Give it a try, and don't worry if it does not look full.  You'll thank me too.
I'm with "Denis S," right down to the "awful meats" on the charcuterie plate. We went to try BV, after reading lots of mixed reviews, wondering whether we'd love it or not. After a Saturday dinner there, we vote with the "not love it" reviewers. The atmosphere was nice. The service was fine. The food was just not very good. None of it was very good. And yes, the owner was peculiar. While we were there, she was sitting at a table while they took lots of flash pictures of the food with a full flash. it was hard to make it through the dinner with the flash going off in our eyes every minute or so. Since it was Saturday night at 7:30, you'd think maybe they could have taken their pictures at a different time?  With all the good choices in Palo Alto, I can't see any reason go to back to this one.
It's definitely $$$ not $$...entrees are mid-$20s and up.   That said, we really enjoyed our meal here last ight and look forward to coming back.    We started with a foie gras appetizer ($19), which was phenomenal.   It came on a piece of brioche toast, with carmelized apples, balsalmic reduction and truffle oil.  I didn't get much truffle flavor out of it, but the foie itself was perfectly tender and had a fantastic flavor.     My only complaint was that it was too small, especially for the price.   It seemed like it was just a couple bites each and then it was gone!  But I guess that's the way it always is with really great food. I had the fish entree ($24) which was sea bass, but they also offered me salmon at the same price, so I chose that instead.  The salmon was well cooked, if a bit bland, and it came with an interesting cauliflower puree and some excellent roasted potatoes.  My fiance had the duck breast ($26), which had the same roasted potatoes and the most amazing brussel sprouts (I know it seems weird to rave about brussel sprouts, but they were seriously SO GOOD).   I felt at first that the portions were a little small, but I was pretty full after eating it (although I finished my whole entree, which I probably only do about 20% of the time). Service was excellent - attentive without being intrusive.   Our water glasses were refilled constantly.     The atmosphere feels really upscale and romantic with dim lighting and soft music.   We were in jeans and felt a little under-dressed...we didn't know it would be so classy. I would say this is solidly in second place for my favorite "fancy French" restaurant in the Palo Alto area (with the top spot going to Birch Street, aka Bistro Elan).   The food was very good, the prices fairly reasonable, and the service excellent.  We look forward to coming back.
Hidden gem in downtown PA. Service and food quality is great . We have foie gras, steak tartare, lamb rack, Madame Sandwich, and salmon crepe. Foie gras is tasty but 2 tiny pieces at a price of $19. Lamb rack came in medium rare as requested - Will come back for this again. Steak tatare - not my cup of tea but my wife loved it. Salmon crepe comes with salad - great for kids as it is kid size serving. Madame Sandwich is nicely done as well.
It was a great weekend to try Bon Vivant Cafe for dinner. They were open Sunday evening and we were in town for the music and dance festival in Palo Alto. I have previously only been here twice for lunch. They have added some nice chairs and other decorations. The restaurant was spotless. They did not skimp on the cost of the decor or the ingredients for our meals. Friends had Terrine de Foie Gras and they loved it. I tried the beet salad also good. Entrees we ordered: duck breast honey and truffle glacage, roasted lamb chops, and NY steak au Poivre. Everyone loved their entrees. The staff as on previous visits were helpful and the owner stopped by the table to say hello. We had a great Sunday in Palo Alto.
Passing through Palo Alto always has a surprise. Stopped at Bon Vivant Cafe on two trips and each... Read more 
Attempted to dine here last Saturday.  My friend and I walked in at 9:30 PM, 30 minutes before closing.  After waiting by the door for about a minute, a waiter came out of the kitchen and waiter explained to us that they just closed because "it was really busy today" and they "felt like closing early."  To his credit, the waiter was pretty apologetic about the situation. This place gets a lot of good reviews, but unfortunately I have no desire to return.
Bait and Switch! Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaatch your bill when you go there!   Particular for bigger group! Dishes were served cold!  Inexperienced servers The owner is terrible to do business with!  -The worst restaurant experience we had have! "Never return!  Awful!
Our first experience here will be our last. We went to Bon Vivant to get our foie fix before the ban as several of the more popular spots were either out of foie or had no reservations available. Our first dish was a foie appetizer.  It was essentially a slice of foie with fruit compote on untoasted Wonderbread.  The compote completely overpowered the foie rather than accenting it.  Using Wonderbread instead of a toasted baguette or brioche made more sense after our waiter told us that we were the last seating of the day so there was no bread available, but couldn't they have at least toasted the Wonderbread or let us know so that we could order a different dish? Our second appetizer was the oysters.  The oysters were fresh and tasty, definitely my favorite dish of the night, but couldn't hold a candle to the oysters at Zuni Cafe. For our entrees, we each ordered the filet and foie for $44.  The filets were maybe 5oz at most and each of our steaks (four in total) was cooked improperly.  Steaks that were ordered rare and medium rare came out with no trace of pink. I wasn't aware that we had accidentally ordered the beef jerky on the menu. In fairness, once we informed our waiter of the steak fiasco, he was extremely apologetic and gracious.  He offered to take one of the filets off the check and gave us a couple of free desserts.  One of the desserts, the chocolate box with raspberry mouse in the middle, really stood out in a good way.  The mousse was delicious, light, airy and infused with flavor, set on top a moist chocolate cake. All in all, a very disappointing dining experience.  One star because our waiter tried to rectify the situation as best he could; otherwise, I would select zero stars if given the option.
A girlfriend and I made a last minute reservation here (first time) after doing some yelp research.  Lovely ambiance, very nice hostess, great service.  I think the food needs a tiny bit of work on refinement and presentation. That out of the way, I would like to gush a little. We started with a wild mushroom tart that was perky and insouciant,  we ordered a bottle of the Zynthesis Zinfandel from Lodi.  Never tried before and LOVED it!!  Crazily unexpected tastes, soil, anise, dark cherry.  We also shared the charcuterie plate.  That was a tiny bit disappointing.  The slices of meat were a little too large to eat comfortably (yes, that is what knives are for), but I like charcuterie with small prentation.  Sue me. Rachel then had the salmon with roasted Brussels sprout halves and winter vegetables...she declared it a hit and took the other half home. I had the vegetarian special, the roasted root vegetable gratin.  Presentation was a little off, and the flavors were hearty, but not delicately balanced.  I suspect if they boosted the herb components and reduced the total amount (it was a big chunk of veggies) they might have a more pleasing offering. We shared the croissant bread pudding for desserty.  Very nice and satisfying. Halfway through dinner, a jazz singer and pianist set up shop and we were in for a treat.  Lovely.  The chandeliers are beautiful...globe shaped, delicate crystalline and art deco in appearance.  Really enhanced our experience. I'll head back here for another meal.
I went to Bon Vivant with some friends on a Saturday night. There were only a couple other parties in there, which should have been a clue. I got the pear endive salad, which was quite good, and then we split the steak tartar, which was decent. One thing that was a bit strange was that our waiter seemed to make the assumption that because I ordered a salad that I wouldn't have any of the steak. He brought only three plates for the four of us. There were only three crackers with the steak tartar (which, by the way, side note: why give so few?). I finally asked a different waiter for more crackers, which he never brought us. After about 5 minutes I flagged down our waiter to ask for more crackers. So, yeah, not great service, but not a big deal. Then our food came. I got the the steak, medium rare. It was TERRIBLE. Completely overcooked. Medium rare means pink and juicy on the inside. Mine was brown throughout. I call that "well done" -- a full three notches above my requested "medium rare." No one else seemed particularly pleased with their food either. On another note, I also thought the entree selection was pretty limited. There were five or six different entrees, all of which were basically "chunk of [insert meat / fish]." I would really suggest that the restaurant add some variety to their menu, especially since they aren't particularly good (and, in fact, quite bad) with cooking steak. I really want to give this place 1.5 stars, but, alas, I'll round up to 2 only because I liked my salad.
This may just be my favorite french restaurant yet. Certainly for this price range it is. We ordered the fois gras for the appetizer, the pork loin provencal, and the evening's special, the pan-seared duck breast, and all were phenomenal. I would especially recommend the pork loin! Overall, the service was excellent, the atmosphere was great, and the food is sure to bring me back many more times in the future!
Went here for dinner last night, as the Yelp reviews were good and I'd never seen / heard of it before.  Surprisingly, at 7:30 on a Saturday it was only about half full, but that was great as we didn't have a reservation, and we were seated immediately. We ordered drinks (the mojito was really good) and the beet salad to start.  I liked the Mojito a lot, but the salad was just kind of meh.  There was a lot of lettuce, not so many beets, they seemed rather bland, and the bed of flash-fried quinoa - while a cool idea - were just kind of chewy. My girlfriend got the salmon (with mushrooms substituted for some celery sauce), and I got the filet mignon, with a delicious mushroom sauce and some small potato wedges around it.  It was slightly less food than I'd expected, but very good.  Her salmon was also delicious, but she likes it overdone, so when the inside was still a little raw she wasn't too happy.  I asked if they could cook it a little longer, and they happily obliged (bringing over some bread to snack on while she waited).  They brought it back out cooked just like she liked it, and offered to comp a dessert.  When we refused (we had other dessert plans), they comped her drink. Overall, excellent service, they accommodated our annoying requests with no problem, the food was generally good, and the price was about right.  I'll definitely be back.
YELP is usually my #1 resource prior to committing to a restaurant, but I am always hesitant when there are only small number of reviews.  Decided to give Bon Vivant a chance given the limited number of choices in downtown PA.  hate to be the odd man out but my experience there was extremely disappointing. The menu on line is completely different than what was available that night.  I understand freshness and changing up the menu, but SEVERAL dishes that were recommended by fellow Yelpers weren't even on the menu.  Absent from the menu was the braised pork belly, mushroom tart, rib eye steak, pork loin, duck rillette, basa, and cheese ravioli.  Come on now, that's more than half the menu.  There were no additional replacement items, instead they only offered two entree choices. Even with what was available, the food left much more to be desired.  Ordered: Curry Crusted Scallops-4 half dollar sized scallops that were dry and overcooked.  Could not taste the curry and maybe their idea of crusted meant dry... Steamed Mussels-oober small mussels with several empty shells.  Broth was a bit spicy and had a black licorice aftertaste.  Did not enjoy this at all either. Steak Tartar-not sure if the meat was old, but it definitely taste fresh.  Had a rotten kind of stench to it. Warm Frisee Salad-the only highpoint of the items ordered.  Great taste with the right combo of salt, acid, and sweet.  The duck crepe, although small, was a nice touch with the salad. Ambiance is nice/very quiet but this is not the place for you if you want a popping environment and some background noise. Bill came out to $78 not including tip and no alcohol. Everyone's raving about the portions and great prices but I beg to differ.  I'm not a huge eater and the portions were definitely not big...Only saving grace was there service, but other than that I would never come back again.  I give this place a few more months before downtown PA claims yet another victim.
I have been coming back to this place on a regular basis since it opened, and I couldn't be more pleased with the service and the food. It quickly became a favorite spot to meet with clients for lunch AND to take my little princess out for dinner. New menu this Friday night was exceptionally good: my daughter had duck, which was (quoting): "the best Ducky she had in her entire life"; my Salmon was tender and delicious; and my husband's Filet mignon left him very happy. We topped it off with the Chocolate Box filled with berries - delicious! Definitely will be back again.
The best news of the year for foodies and jazz lovers of Silicon Valley... I almost want to keep it... Read more 
I had been looking forward to going here since before they opened. I must say, I was sadly disappointed. The service was extremely slow. How slow? It took half an hour for them to come back and tell us they were out of the bottle of wine we ordered. By the time they delivered our appetizers, the soup I ordered had a film on it and was cold. We finished the bottle of wine that we ordered before our entrees arrived--and mine arrived cold. An hour wait for the entrees. Well, they have the french service down. Another thing that bothered me: flies. Fruit flies everywhere. In my wine glass, in my entree. One is enough to make me cringe, several in my food make me not exactly hungry. We were sat in the back, and so when they forgot to play music on the stereo, we had a nice station to hear the kitchen dishwasher from. It wouldn't have been a big deal, but combined with everything else, I was ready to leave. All in all, two hours of my life wasted. I wish I could have given them better, but there were so many things wrong. On the plus, the bus boys were nice and attentive, even if the one waitress for the restaurant seemed overwhelmed and slightly inexperienced at times.
went here for a brunch with my friend. The crepes are just fantastic. I ordered the chicken crepe and the chef thought the quality of the chicken was not up to his standards! so he substituted it with Duck Confit.. I appreciated the honesty and quality control and the Duck Confit Crepe was so good too...  so i was happy going into desert I ordered the orange crepe and that was refreshingly delicious. I expected to be overly sweet, but the crepe was still moist and orange peel + the marmalade sauce was just delicious. What a way to end the meal I will be back to try all their menu and it should be a must stop for anyone in palo alto~
Just got home after having dinner at Bon Vivant. What a disappointing dinner.  The food was almost uniformly very good, but the service and timing was so abysmal as to make the total experience really bad. We four each ordered an appetizer, which took about 40 minutes to arrive.  They were quite good, but the wine was REALLY slow to be opened, and the beer and bread were brought after 22 minutes or so. The main course was then another 40 minutes to arrive after finishing the first course.  It was so SLOW!!!!!!!!!!!! One of our party ordered three courses, and trying to get the third course was a pain. All in all, I really would not recommend this place!
The bisque was fluffy, an new concept for a soup to me.   All the food was fabulous.   The wait staff was very attentive.
This was one of the oddest restaurant experiences I've ever had. Went on a Saturday night and only one other group was in the restaurant while other restaurants were packed. Should've been our first red flag. We had about 5 different waiters and the service was just off. We received 3 different menus upon sitting down: one menu was missing the food, one menu was missing the drink list (which was supposed to be in all of the menus), and one menu didn't list the vegetarian entree as an option. Come on, that is just sloppy. Everything took forever (30 minutes for appetizer, which they brought 2 orders to make up for being so late, another 45 minutes for entrees, 20 minutes for the check). I got the vegetarian entree (white asparagus with mushrooms, greens, tomatoes) and although it was good, $20 for it while meat entrees were only a few dollars more is ridiculous! After dinner, we were given 4 dessert menus (b/c "that's all we have") even though we had 5 in our party. Then one of the waiters stood in the doorway by the bathroom staring at us for about 45 minutes while we tried to enjoy coffee. The experience at this restaurant was a waste of time and money and was extremely awkward.
Great food. The lamb chops were cooked nicely, veggies roasted perfectly, balsamic reduction was great, and the celeriac puree under it all was spot-on.  My wife's croque madame was very good; the egg on top perfectly sunny-side up.  Atmosphere is nice, but a little amateurish.  Overall, very good food for the price.... somewhere between $$ and $$$, depending on alcohol and ordering choices.
3.75 stars To start off our meal, it came with a complimentary bite of persimmon chip with salmon salad which was tasty.  Because our food had taken a while to come out, they gave us a complimentary salad with beets, which was nice of them. Service was pretty attentive, as they were careful to cater to our needs without being too overbearing, or trying to force us out when the meal was done. Apparently foie gras is going to be illegal in California soon, so my friend and I decided to go out to eat foie gras for my very first time.  The foie gras appetizer here is $16 and is served with toasted bread and cooked fruit, making it a nice mixture of sweet and salty.  It was a good appetizer to share between two people. Other dishes that we tried included the steak tartare appetizer, which was served with the steak tartare , quail egg (to mix it in with), and a few chips to eat the meat with. I had the pork loin entree for dinner, although in my opinion, the meat was a tad dry.  The special of the day was some kind of lamb dish, which was absolutely delicious.  Very moist and tender.  I wish I had ordered that instead. Overall, this restaurant serves some pretty decent food at reasonable prices. The entrees were around $20+ each, and appetizers around $10 each, which is pretty cheap for French food, and service is polite and attentive as well.
Went here with two friends for a late Sunday brunch.  The waiter was very nice and friendly!  The coffee was good, and so was the food.  The foie gras and scallop dishes were my favorites.
3 1/2 stars, rounding up because they're new and I know that can be tough and I think they definitely deserve you giving them a shot! This little gem is on a side street off University down from some construction, so they're not as easy to see.  Don't let that deter you!  They just opened 3 months ago.   This place is cheerfully decorated and has nice staff. We popped in early (on Palo Alto time) and it was very uncrowded.  We decided to just go with a bunch of appetizers because we weren't starving and they spoke to us more than the entrees.  The food was quite good and creative and plated beautifully.  Overall, it was tasty and the servings were reasonably sized: bread with butter: perfectly spreadable warm butter on a crispy baguette. amuse bouche: little watermelon cubes seasoned with a wine reduction and sesame seeds.  very cute!  some of the cubes were more cubic than others. mushroom tart: the apology for the wine snafu, I think-- the chef needs to put this on the menu!  It was fantastic!  I want more.  Savory cheese mixture (with some fall-flavored herbs) in a tart crust with a tasty mushroom mixture, topped with radish sprouts.  On the side was a blackberry jam that was just a little too floral for me, but I liked the fruity-tangy contrast to the richness.  It's very cute too!  And very fall. frisee salad: crispy bacon, savory mushrooms, and frisee.  I could eat this often and it would be so good for brunch! foie gras: crispy on the outside, rich and fatty on the inside, served on top of a tasty bread thing with more frisee and truffles. The roasted peaches were a nice balance. charcuterie plate: pretty self explanatory, but comes with nice french mustard and cornichons. duck rillette: I think we ended up getting a duck crepe rather than the listed version of duck rillette, but it was still good. Duck in a crepe topped with some sort of cherry preserve. steak tartare: a few too many capers for my taste, but still good.  topped with quail egg and served with what I think was a port reduction and crispy toasts. zabaione: I was a little confused because 'berries' to me usually implies blackberries or a mix of different berries-- this came with just strawberries.  It was good though. Only minus 1 1/2 stars because: 1) the wine list was not up to date.  Many of the things we asked if they had they didn't have.  They did work it out, apologize profusely like 7 times and offer us a really nice wine in the end, but this really needs to get resolved. 2) the silverware was not distributed correctly on the table.  I had a fork and a knife, my friend had 2 different forks and a knife, and my other friend had just two forks?  How confusing. 3) I'd like to see a couple more entree options.  Most of their 5 or so entrees are fish.  The only other meat is beef-- no chicken, no pork.  There's no happy middle in terms of richness of protein to me. 4) overall there was a sense of disorganization-- there were old menus floating around with the new menus, the silverware thing... Overall despite the snafus, still quite a nice experience for a fall Friday evening. I'm sure once they get those things together, this place will knock more socks off.   Right now mine are still half on though. :P
ok, going into this dinner i of course reviewed the yelps when i found out this was the venue.  half the reviews were 1-2 stars, and other were 4-5.  I figured something was amiss and it would be up to me to straighten everyone out.  well, the reality is both the good and the bad reviews made some accurate points- the bad - yes, service was inexperienced and a little spotty.  brought the wrong bottle of champagne even though he repeated my order.  do heterosexual males really intentionally order blush champagne (well scratch that, maybe they don't order champagne at all, and in my defense it was for the table and i was drinking my usual manhattans.  it took for ever to get the check.  however, they were trying, if a bit clumsily.  menu is a bit limited the good - food was actually quite solid.  i did the filet which for $29 was a good value.  decent spanish red, that i knew nothing about.  bread pudding was above average, but not so good that we were sorry we decided to split it. overall, not a bad addition to pa scene.  wouldn't kill myself to get back there this month, but wouldn't be bummed if someone suggested bon vivant.
I came in for dinner with my mom and my sister and we were treated like Queens from the our server Gabriella and the Chef Tim. Truly heartfelt customer service is hard to come by, but this place delivered. I'm not saying to expect this, but we got a free scallop dish and multiple free desserts (the chef heard that we were having trouble making a choice). Overall the food was extremely well executed, we sent back every plate completely empty. The foie gras was classically good. The scallops were seared beautifully and I loved loved the bed of mushrooms they came on. Also, get there before the seasonal pumpkin pot de creme is gone. It comes with salted maple whip cream and candied pumpkin seeds topped with a gingersnap cookie. Yum!
I liked this place, nice decor and the prices were very reasonable for a sit down lunch in palo alto. I got the pear endive salad for $9, less than most of the salads at sprout. It was vey solid. The place was a little empty, but I wouldn't be turned off by that if I were considering it as a lunch place. Also because of the free wifi its a nice place to do a little work.
Most amazing pork belly I have ever had. Four cheese ravioli has so many flavors that are blended to perfection. Service is great, especially the male waiter I had who was very knowledgeable of all the dishes I was curious about. My water glass was never below half full. Great food. Great ambience. Great people.
My wife had lunch with friend at this place several times before. I've only been there for dinner once. Wife and I shared a mushroom tart for appetizer, I had the sauteed sole and wife had rib-eye steak, we also shared a crepe for dessert. And decaf coffee afterward. No wine. The bill for 2 came to a few pennies shy from $80 before tips. According to my wife, lunch menu was not as costly. The dishes were delicious. The fish and beef were done just right. The steak portion was decent. The sole dish was kind of small due to the thinly filleted fish meat. They had live music by a female singer accompanied by a guitar and a saxophone. The baby grand piano was unused when we were there. The place was not formal... wobbly metal tables with no table cloth. They had sidewalk sittings too. I saw a long wooden dinner table in the middle of the restaurant. That probably was the most formal table of all. It is appropriately called a cafe, not a restaurant.
My wife and I ate here for lunch - although we told ourselves it was brunch.  They had sweet crepes on the menu, so we went along with it. I had the Crepe Suzette.  I got a small plate with a quarter sized crepe (folded) with a wonderful Suzette sauce and a few pieces of orange on top.  Extremely small serving for $10. My wife had a salad - Watermelon, tomato, mint, cucumber, and sesame seeds.  All of the ingrediants were fresh and properly cut / proportioned. The ambiance is incredibly cute.  Aged chairs, bird cages, well-painted walls, marble bar, paino in corner.  Lovely. The lunch overall was a little underwhelming.  No sides to choose from.  Limited menu choice.  I think they need a weekend brunch menu. However clearly this is not their focus - so definitely a solid 4/5.
Awesome place to have a glass of wine, a nice bite and good time. Smoked salmon crepe and home made scone were so delicious that I had to return next day and get some more.
Super elegant restaurant with good food. I went on a Wednesday night . The service was good . My table had the braised pork belly  appetizer and I had the Basa fish (fish a bit salty) dish for dinner. Portions are generous overall a truly decent meal! Last but not least, this spot is perfect for that special date. I want to go back and try the duck breast dish.
The good: - my watermelon salad was great.  mint + watermelon = yummy - really cute decor...would love to use it to inspire my future dining room - crepe was supposedly good (couldn't try it since I'm allergic to wheat) The bad: - the waitress got a little confused with only four tables...I can't imagine the debacle during a rush. - my little salad cost $8, and my husbands TINY crepe was $12.  The value just isn't there.
I had dinner at Bon Vivant once.  The service was good.  The food was not spectacular.  I ordered the crispy skin salmon.  The salmon came out over cooked with the albumen coming out and with no skin.  The other items came out mediocre.  I'll give it another try.   But right now, Bon Vivant is below average in downtown Palo Alto.
Service was excellent, food was ok, environment was ok too. I would say it's an average place and their menu needs to offer more selections. It took them a while to serve the main course after the appetizers, maybe the restaurant is still new and short on staff.
Our experience didn't live up to the prices.  I started with a roasted beet salad.  Fine, nothing special--and the largest of the beets wasn't cooked all the way through, too hard to cut through easily with my knife.  Main course was a salmon special with thin-sliced potato crust.  Again, fine, not outstanding.  The portion was ample, the fish was OK, but not inspired.  Dessert was a chocolate duo (fluffy chocolate stuff with berries inside a chocolate candy bowl + hot chocolate on the side).  Tasty, rich, but unable to salvage a ho-hum and rather expensive meal. The ambience of the restaurant left me cold, too--literally.  I was seated under a vent that blew cold air on me through the meal.  The decor is a bit formal/austere, and not particularly cozy or welcoming.  The glass front walls, shiny floors, and lack of bustle (lots of open tables) contribute to the cold impression. The capper was my visit to the restroom.  It was a bit of a hodge-podge, with a wicker basket of toilet paper in the corner on the floor, a random painted wooden block with a napkin strewn over it serving as a sort of table, and a live bug hanging out under the sink next to the overflowing trash bin.  There was a lot of stuff stacked up in the hallway area outside the bathroom.  Generally felt like a perfectly OK bathroom at a run-of-the-mill restaurant, but not at a place charging full-on prices. Overall the experience felt amateurish.  I won't return and wouldn't recommend it to others.
It's been so long, I'd nearly forgotten what good service really is.  As a previous yelper mentioned, my water glass never emptied, our plates disappeared as soon as they were finished and our server was enthusiastic, friendly, and very professional.   For a cafe style restaurant, I felt like we received $$$$ service! And the food.  Oh boy.  :)  Did I mention I love truffles?  Truffled anything and I'm sold - but this place got me good. Amuse bouche - truffles, salmon cream, and dill - flavors that get your mouth watering and your senses raring to go. Curried Scallops.  Perfectly cooked, delicious flavor combo - I loved the curried puree, such a different take on the average scallop. Salmon  - again perfectly moist, the brussels sprouts and bacon combined with a touch of cream made for a savory dish. Ravioli - get this.  You haven't lived if you like truffles til you've tried these.  WOW. Rib Eye - husband says it's the best cut of meat he's had ever.  Ever. Dessert Trio - the perfect combo!  Definitely try the pumpkin pot de creme.  It's amazing with the salted maple whipped cream!  The chocolate dessert was good - but a bit too much in my opinion. The sample plate was enough, I think the whole dessert (hot chocolate PLUS flourless chocolate cake would be too much).  The bread pudding was  a delightful in between. And the wine?   We shared a couple bottles of the Carmenere - it was very tasty  :) My conclusion?  Try this place.  For genuine service, good food and music, this is a must go.  I'll be back!  There were a few more dishes I wanted to try....
We went here for dinner and a glass of wine last night. Food quality is very high, the atmosphere was great and we've had a great time enjoying sax music. Totally worth to stop by.
We first went here two weeks ago. The service, while friendly, left a lot to be desired-- I had to ask for a spoon for my soup, which came out long after everyone else's starters, and our waiter accidentally forgot to charge us for half of the meal. The food was fantastic, however, so we chalked the spotty service to a relatively new staff. Last night's dinner, however, was ridiculous. The restaurant was practically empty when we came in at 8 pm, which should've raised a red flag. The menu's since changed considerably and featured about half the number of offerings it did two weeks ago. The bread service mysteriously disappeared, as did the amuse bouche-- for the price range, you'd think there would at least be some bread. I ordered the pork belly for an appetizer-- it came out burnt on the outside, and cold inside. The duck breast was also unevenly cooked; on one end it was tough, and on the other it was practically raw. We skipped dessert, since we were ready to leave The portions shrank to half the size of our last visit's, although the prices were about the same, if not higher. The service was even weirder than it was the last time we visited-- the waitress who was assigned to our table spent half of our meal standing two feet away behind my dining partner and swooped in to clear our plates before we'd even finished. They brought us our check on an iPad and stood there staring at the bill while we were paying. Yikes. It seemed like we weren't the only ones uncomfortable with the service-- as we were walking in, we heard some of the other diners talk about how the service was "improving." Throughout our meal, however, several people came in and left without ordering. We should've followed suit. I'll wait a few more months to see if they're still around before I'd give them a second chance, but I won't be back anytime soon.
Had dinner at this cafe last night. It was a Thursday evening and there were only two other tables occupied. By the end of our meal, people started spilling in and the restaurant was a lot busier. Started our meal with the foie gras which was outstanding. My husband had  the rib eye steak for his entree, while I had the onion soup. My soup was tasty, and satisfying. My husband was also pleased with his steak. We ended the meal with the crepe suzette. The crepes were light and delicious, but the tangerines were a bit tart. Nevertheless, we will keep coming back to this cafe. Service was prompt, efficient, and friendly.  Overall, it was a very pleasant and satisfying experience.
First the positives.  Its got a nice atmosphere.  We went on a Friday night and they have a pianist and latter a singer/guitar duo.  A bit on the loud side, but the live music along with the decor, made an overall really nice vibe.  We were seated toward the back of the restaurant and once inside one would not be faulted if one thought they were in NYC or some other such large urban metropolis. The food was good, but not great.  Among the things we had in our party were oysters (excellent), beet salad,  foie gras, duck breast, nicoise salad, etc. The big problem, and the primary reason for the 2 stars, is that the restaurant is simply not well run.  Some examples... 1)  Several items on the menus were not available --- okay, this sometimes happens, but we ordered about 5 separate things on the menu that they told us were not available.  It was almost laughable and we almost thought it would be better if they told us what they had available instead of having us order from the menu. 2)  Its one thing to not have a dish available, but usually this is told to customers when they order.  In our party we had one appetizer and one dessert that we ordered, but they only told us they were unavailable about 30 minutes after we ordered them while the other appetizers and desserts were being served.  This is rather annoying and breaks up the flow of the meal for everyone. 3)  At one point our waiter told us that a particular dish was not available, but it wasn't even on the menu.  Turns out that they had two different menus.  Some in our party had one version, and others had another version (with different items). 4)  Finally, the service was quite slow.  Now I know some restaurants dont want to rush their customers, which I appreciate, but at several points in our meal we asked for service (e.g. please bring us the bill, etc.) and they were still quite slow.  We ended up spending 3 hours there for dinner. Now none of these things is a huge deal, and they can get worked out, but it just makes me question the management of the place.  Not very good attention to detail, and I wonder how much of that carries into other things like food prep as well.
Overall, my experience at Bon Vivant was fair. We went on a Friday night, for the live jazz, but the singer was only so-so (I prefer instrumental jazz, unless the vocalist is really good). Food was fine, but nothing remarkable. Prices were reasonable. Service was fine (although the waiter seemed new). Not a place I will go to again any time soon, but I wouldn't complain if the person I'm with wants to go there for some reason.
Good but not perfect appetizers (kind of boring cheeses but really good garlic toast).  I liked my main course, duck.  Overall there was maybe too much reliance on stewed cherries and figs.  Personal preference.... I  liked the ambiance: Django Reinhardt-style gypsy jazz band, etc.. The server was a friendly young woman who seemed inexperienced. She didn't know her wine list, nor the cheeses she was offering. In her defense, there were some new wines and I guess some new cheeses.  When she served our wine she poured four servings without first offering one of us a taste (it was a real cork, so of course might have been corked; it wasn't so no big deal). Big downside: The end of our meal.  The server brought our check while we were still eating dessert.  I don't prefer that, but it's not a big deal.  But then we were asked by a very well dressed woman (the owner?) to give up our table for other guests, even though we weren't quite ready to leave. In my mind that's just customer service suicide... an absolute slap in the face. You simply don't ask your guests to leave like that. We arrived on time for our reservation and it wasn't like we were lingering.  We finished our desserts, one friend was in the bathroom and then I went.  When I came back from the bathroom everyone was putting on their coats, looking a bit shocked. "They asked us to give up our table."   FWIW I was thinking about ordering a port. Personally I will *never* set foot in that restaurant again.  You simply can't ask your guests to leave like that.  Appalling.   Too many other great restaurants in PA and MTV.  At the same time I don't want to give it a 1 star because in a lot of ways it seemed to have promise. Your mileage may vary.
I came here for the classical music evening  with violinists from San Francisco Symphony.  Program and the performance were world-class. We came back the next day for dinner. Place is very elegant, tastefully decorated. Their fresh flower arrangements are deserved to be mentioned. Service is professional and pleasant. I've enjoyed Steak Rossini, and friends had Smoked Fish and Foie Gras. Wines were delicious. Everything was just "right". Will be back for more, but of course.
Went there with 2 friends for a weekday lunch.  The ambiance is modern chic gallery with a touch of Parisian feel.  Floor to ceiling windows with plenty of sunlight, nice artworks on the walls, and the seating arrangement is not crowded at all (talking about luxury elbow room in downtown Palo Alto). I gave the food a 5-star.  Foie Gras is excellent!  The accompanying brioche toast is excellent, too (some restaurants cut corners here when serving Foie Gra.)  I think I'll order it every time I eat here.  The day's special, duck breast with orange sauce, was surprisingly good.  The meat was tender, nice selection of ducks in combination with excellent cooking.  An aromatic hint of star anise (I think) is a nice touch!  Although I talked about 2 dishes typically very greasy to make me wanted to take a whole bottle of Lipitor.  At Bon Vivant, the dishes are not as greasy as you would thought at a typical French restaurant.  Bon Vivant presents tasty food without throwing in loads of butter or cream.  That's definitely deserving a 5-star!
Great food. Love the attention to detail... everything is simple and elegant. Recommended for a nice Parisian lunch.
SLOW service was rude waiters..... It was really unreasonable, considering there weren't that many people around when we had out lunch there and we didn't really order anything fancy. After we were seated, we waited over 20 min before someone stopped by and asked us about our order. And then it took another 20 min before our lunch arrived. Then it took over 30 minutes after we finished our lunch and they put away our dishes before someone finally stopped by for the check. It was completely unacceptable on a weekday lunch when people that they serve in downtown Palo Alto need to head back to work. The food was really just okay. Will not be coming back again.
We decided to try Bon Vivant a few nights ago and had a delicious meal. The restaurant has a lovely atmosphere and beautiful art. We were seated immediately and the service was very friendly. My friend and I split the artisan cheese plate as an appetizer and enjoyed it thoroughly. Our other friends ordered salads which they said were wonderful. For my main course I tried the ravioli which was fantastic. The crepes suzette for dessert did not disappoint. Overall we will definitely be back. The price is reasonable for a meal in downtown Palo Alto and I highly recommend it.
I went here on several occasions with a few friends, and Bon Vivant simply does not disappoint. Just to echo some of the previous comments....the food is SUPERB! Perhaps a little pricey for a daily visit, but SOOO worth the experience. In my last two trips there, I had the bass for dinner, and the salmon crepe for lunch. Both were mouthwatering. After the main course, I was stuffed! I was about to ask for the check, but when I saw what they were bringing out for dessert...mmmm! (I suddenly found some room.) ;) The profiteroles and the chocolate cake are to-die-for. (Being pretty stuffed by that point, so it helped that the dishes were easy to share.) I could go on all day, but ok, enough about the food. What struck me about BV is its simple yet elegant decor, which gives Bon Vivant such a cozy feel that (for better or for worse) makes it all too easy to lose one's track of time. The professional art on the walls, the chandeliers, and the Baldwin Grand in the back make for a very pleasant setting. Fortunately the Baldwin is not just a prop. I saw pianist Brian Ho perform with saxophonist Nancy Wright, and on another night, Primary Colors with vocalist Nate Pruitt and guitarist Rick Vandivier (who actually made their debut at Bon Vivant). It's not often you get to hear such good music without a cover charge. All I can say is: amazing food, great service, and warm atmosphere--simple as that.
This is just a note about the earnest, lovely lunch service. At the waiter's suggestion I ordered the duck, which was the special of that day. It was cooked in a delicious orange-honey sauce and served on a bed of some kind of root vegetable puree with bitter greens on the side. Unfortunately two bites in, for medical reasons, I realized I couldn't handle the meat rare. The waiter not only took back the meal and had the chef cook the duck for longer, but he also comped me a small, beautiful dessert of dark and white chocolate balls and an apricot bar. I really felt taken care of and I can't wait to go again for an evening of dinner and music.
A combination of great live jazz, art and delicious food is hard to find. I am happy we did. Very relaxing atmosphere with people enjoying themselves dancing to the music made it a fun evening.
Very nice. BV has me hooked with its selection of finely prepared crepes, comfortable environment in the heart of downtown Palo Alto, and pleasant atmosphere created by its beautiful piano and exquisite paintings.
Ok so despite the 1 star it isn't all bad my server was nice and the food was good too I had a chilled pea soup and a crepe and both were pretty nice but a but pricy... Now the bad, there were flies everywhere and I do me EVERYWHERE!!! seriously there had to be like 20 flies and that is something that deserves taking away 4 stars I can only imagine what the kitchen must look like!!!
Came here to check out the Brian Ho trio who I've seen play at Singlebarrel down in San Jose. It's a restaurant, cafe, music venue, and art gallery rolled into one. Now they're not open during the days yet and in the evenings it's just during the weekends and select nights when they have specific events. It's a very elaborate space even for upscale Palo Alto. While enjoying the music I had a pretty solid bread pudding. Having now seen the dinner menu will have to come back for a full spread and also hope they open during the day soon.
Stopped in for a quick dinner at the bar and glass of wine. Had the ribeye special: one of the few finest ribeye cuts I've ever had topped off with a divine demi-glace over yukon gold potatoes with green beans. Service = very picture of competence. Highest recommend.
The food was really good, the wine selection was very decent, service was attentive and friendly, and we did not have to wait for a table on a Saturday night. Yet, there is something off about the ambiance. It is somewhere between contemporary and old-fashioned with neon under the bar and cool chairs but cheap looking tables, odd chandeliers, and wood laminate floors - I just didn't get it. Perhaps if they actually had white table cloths the whole thing would come together better. Nonetheless, our meal was very tasty, well prepared, and thankfully not very cookie-cutter. We had the cheese plate as an hors d'ouvre, the frisee salad as appetizers, and fish for the entree. Overall, I would recommend the restaurant for those who favor good food over a hip, happening, or more remarkable ambiance.
I love this place.  I've been here several times for lunch and the salmon crepe is consistently awesome.  It comes with a small side salad with delicious dressing.   My friend and I had their sweet corn soup one time and we both loved it.  She had a pear and endive salad which she liked as well.  For desert zabaione with strawberries was delicious.  Their coffee drinks are good too. The decor is really elegant and warm.  It's also practical, you can have a business meeting there and comfortably put a computer or an iPad on the table.   It's also great to have a long lazy lunch especially outside on a summer day. They have live music every week: Thursdays and most weekends.  They also exhibit art and have opening events that are fun to attend.   Check out their facebook page for details.
Service was a bit slow. The croque monsieur was decent. Really liked the watermelon salad - the dressing was tart and had a little heat from the red peppers. I wasn't wow'ed as I thought I would be. I might be back...
A true solid 4 stars. Smoked salmon crepe was devine and i dont even like smoked salmon. The dill and capers balanced the salmon very nicely. Accompanied by a nice light salad. The Croque madam was also fabulous altho a bit on the heavy side for my taste but was delicious and filling. Corn bisque was meh. I wouldnt order it again. Overly sweet and i couldnt taste the corn. I would go back over and over simply for the crepe. Service, prompt and friendly. Ambience was beautifully French inside and delightful outside on a warm summer day.
This place is great, went with two friends for a bite and coffee and loved it. Nice decor, attentive service, good food and coffee.
Excellent food, perfect ambiance, and superb service. We were also fortunate enough to meet the chef who asked us for feedback on a few of the dishes. An excellent addition to the Palo Alto dining scene.
Excellent cuisine.  Fair prices.  Cold and strange atmosphere.   Poorly managed - one white shirted (good) waiter for the entire place, several Hispanic bus boys.  Waiter was overworked for an even small group of guests.   Very misunderstanding of old Palo Alto.   Manager is inattentive, something mandatory in a Palo Alto venue.
Overpriced, under seasoned, small portioned dishes. Slow service, clueless waiters. Not a place I would go again and waste my culinary $$.
Many Yelpers had given positive reviews, so we thought we'd give this place a try last Friday evening.  Wow, never again!  Reserved via OpenTable, which indicated that they were child friendly.  Asked for a high chair on the reservation.  When we arrived, we were told they had no high chair.  No booster seat.  No children's menu.  Luckily, we came equipped to keep our little one busy, so we thought we'd honor the reservation anyway.  The waiter came to take our order.  They were out of the foie gras, at 7 PM on a Friday.  They didn't have lime to accompany our sparkling water.  OK, not a great start.  Forty minutes passed, and after several reminders, the water was delivered to our table.  One appetizer showed up, but not the other.  Quite some time after we'd finished it, we managed to flag someone down to ask where the other was.  We were told there had been a mix-up in the kitchen.  We asked for some bread, as none had been served spontaneously, and our child was famished.  Bread arrived.  More time passed, and the second appetizer showed up - an endive salad, although we had a hard time unearthing any endives.  Interesting.  The main courses eventually showed up (ravioli), and were decent without being anything out of the ordinary.  Service was very disorganized.  Various people (who were unfamiliar with our order) kept showing up and did not know who had ordered what, or were unable to explain what the hold-up was, or why we had to wait so long for everything. Bright notes :  the location is good, the decor of the restaurant is very pleasant, the background music was quite nice, and they had live music later in the evening.  Also, the chef recognized that our experience had been sub-optimal, and comp'ed our appetizers (without our asking for anything).  A nice gesture. We had been so optimistic when the evening started....but this is a dining experience I would be loathe to repeat.
My wife, my daughter and I had the pleasure to go to Bon Vivant Cafe a few weeks back and had a wonderful evening: the music was great, the food excellent (try the asparagus/crispy prosciutto/egg salad when it is on the menu), and we felt welcome. Of special note: many places tend to be pretty loud - this was not the case here even when the live band was playing. We highly recommend Cafe Bon Vivant.
The Cafe is excellent for lunch. The music and ambiance superb, but not better than the food. The crepes are delicious. The duck very fine. I think the chef is quite inventive and I will definitely go back and back!
I love the music at Bon Vivant Cafe.  I was lucky enough to hear a Baroque concert with a violin, harpsichord, and viola player.   I felt transported to Salzburg.  It's a beautiful space, wonderful art exhibit up, lovely ambience.  As soon as they are open regularly, it will be my regular hang out spot.
Very delightful cafe on Bryant in downtown Palo Alto. They have done an excellent job creating a top notch menu, while also keeping the calendar full with exhibits and performances. Great staff, too! Highly recommend!
