Ran into La Boulange during one of the weekly Farmers Markets on California. Recently learned that they have a real B&M location here in downtown Palo Alto...saves a trip up to the City! I think La Boulange was recently acquired by Starbucks... Ordered a croissant and it was okay. I've had better. Ordered an Iced Mocha and it was excellent! The organic espresso beverage is 10x better than Starbucks! :) Service was friendly too! :D
vege tart is sooooo good that I can have it everyday. chocolate croissant is excellent everything else are all the best in town.
EW. I ordered the Nicoise Tuna salad (supposedly popular) friend ordered the Tuna Melt. It was digusting. I have no idea what these other reviews were talking about. The food was bland, tuna was so DRY! Like seriously no flavor. And I love french food! I was utterly disappointed. It is a cute place though, and the girl who helped me out was really sweet. too bad I forgot her name.
Nice setting, great atmosphere, wish there was more of a selection but then again at 4 PM I shouldn't have expected pastries still. My friend and I shared the bread pudding and I had an iced coffee. Coffee was a hit if I can compliment my skills in adding cream and sugar. The bread pudding was heavy, I didn't like the crust but the flavor was really nice and delicious. Light, not overly sweet and hit the dessert craving spot. Will return!
This place is legit.  Never been to France?  Come here. The food is excellent, the space is lovely.
Review is for the macarons and coconut macaroons only: Macarons are on the smaller side but they are decently priced at $1.50 a pop if you don't opt for the pretty box.  Decent selection of flavors, we ordered: -pistachio - our favorite by of the bunch, green and beautifully flavored. -raspberry - is that raspberry jam in the center? -caramel - ooey gooey goodness, wished there were sprinkles of sea salt on there though -coffee - delicate coffee flavor -hazelnut - nice thick hazelnut cream in the center. Had the raspberry macaron right there on the spot and thought that it was too "wet" didn't have the initial bite of the shell and the macaron was almost soggy.  Decided to try the remaining the next day and they were better, perhaps the raspberry macaron was too fresh and needed to set? Also got a bag of the coconut macaroons and boy were they delish.  Chewy, coconuty, but not too sweet...will definitely go back for these. Overall: Glad La Boulange opened up in the Peninsula, though the macarons aren't as good as Chantal Guillon Macarons in SF, it is closer to home.
Why hasn't this place popped up downtown Palo Alto sooner? Perfect for a sweet or savory tooth. Breakfast, lunch, dinner, or snacks. Breads, croissants, macaroons, salads, sandwiches, tarts, oh man...where does the list end?! If you are coming by lunch time make sure you take a friend to scope out a seat. It can be a madhouse.
It's better than I'd imagined!  Their cases contain an irresistible selection of both sweet and savory baked and/or pre-made items priced under $5--you just pick it out, and you're good to go.  In my view, these items are "right-sized," meaning I don't feel stuffed and disgusting after eating something. :)  They also have items they will make to order, if you have time to wait, and I probably will when it's less crowded and stuffy in there. Being a longtime fan of their stands at several farmers' markets (Bay Bread = La Boulange) I was happy to see this place open near me.  It's a perfect concept for its location.  I do wonder, though, what impact there may be from the purchase of this company by Starbucks.  (At least the pastries at Starbucks will be better!)
Came back today to pick up macarons to go and my mom decided to try their coffee. We were here around 4:30 and at that time they only had a few raspberry, vanilla, and coffee left. We picked up two of each and my mom had a cappuccino. She had asked for non-fat milk but when she was about to pick up her drink she noticed whole milk on the counter. The employee dumped it out and made another pretty quick, the cup was about to overflow. My mom liked it but I didn't try it. So far I've only tried vanilla and it was pretty bad. Skip that and head up three blocks to Chantal Guillon. The reason why I haven't docked any stars is because this place is still sooo solid. When I come back in the future I won't be having any macarons but with so many pastries to try from that won't be too much of a problem.
Had this place today and it was sooo good. As soon as we walked in we had samples of the butter... Read more 
How to put it...This place is gross.   Does not compare to the quality of the La Boulange I used to frequent on Union Street in SF. Went here today for lunch with a girlfriend.  She ordered an open face flank steak sandwich.  I ordered the La Boulange frisee salad.  The sandwich was utterly mushy.  My friend was having a miserable time picking at this wet mess until she looked up and saw my salad, and burst out laughing.  My salad consisted of the remnants of all the aging salad bits you'd normally toss out when prepping a salad.   It was a frisee salad'o'shit that cost $8.50.  In fact, I don't think I can buy $8.50 worth of lettuce, frisee or not, at a store and come up with enough bad bits to create what was on my plate this afternoon. If you're intent on coming here, wait a few months until they iron out the new restaurant kinks.
La Boulange is in a very appealing space and I want to love it.  However, I've tried the chocolate croissant and the ham and cheese croissant on separate occasions and both were below average.  Although they looked good, the croissants I had were not flaky, there was very little chocolate in the chocolate croissant and the ham and cheese was surprisingly bland.  They were certainly not close to a level to compare to France.  I'll try it perhaps once more to see if the pastries rise to the level of the space.  Otherwise, there are much better pastries locally.
Love having breakfast here, all sandwiches and pastries are delicious, and they have nutella!
I love La Boulange. I come here frequently to work, and I really enjoy the location because you can see the passers-by from their glass gazebo. I'm also a big fan of the Parisian ambience, and I love their big cafe bowls (they make me feel like a little kid). I usually come here for breakfast, so I can't talk too much about their lunch menu. I've sampled a lot of their pastries: the financiers and blueberry poundcake are rich and yummy; their slightly warmed chocolate hazelnut croissants are delicious; their almond croissant is stuffed with almonds and goodness; and their whole wheat croissant is flaky and wonderfully nutty. I also order their organic oats with maple syrup and fruit a lot; I find it to be creamy and filling. And of course, they have good drinks. When I'm not getting an espresso, I love their spicy chai tea latte (they also have a sweet kind); if you get a nonfat chai latte, it's even spicier. Their staff is always very friendly to me, even when it's very early in the morning. As I said, I love this place.
I was on my way home from work, when I had a taste for bacon. I went inside to grab a menu when i noticed the "Bacon Tomato Avocado" sand which, So just ordered one. It was good. I especially enjoyed the potato salad served with it. Very flavorful in herbs. That sandwich completed my bacon fix, I would go back for sure, because that was a damned good first impression.
LOVED their open face chicken and mushroom sandwich, and the mushroom/truffle oil mac and cheese. The atmosphere is also a nice kind of hectic-restaurant busy.  I'll definitely be back when I'm at seminars up the street. I shall blaspheme and note that I'm not very impressed with macarons from anywhere, even here. They were OK, but I'd rather have a nice pastry, cookie, pie, or cake over them. Maybe I'm just weird.
Artisan breads?  I was excited to have a new bakery in town, one that would bake artisan breads. Alas, I was disappointed in their ciabatta.  It looked beautiful but it was too dense, not very flavorful, and it seemed like it was baked the day before. The Semifreddie's ciabatta that you can get at whole foods is tastier and fresher. So sad, when they ought to be producing something delicious. On two separate occasions, I tried there are almond croissants. The first Time it was stale but the second time it was fresh and quite good (although not nearly as good as those served by Tartine).  A chocolate brownie was very good but a double chocolate cookie had very little chocolate in it. Hopefully they'll improve with time.  Freshness is key!
Someone bought me macarons from this place a couple days ago!! Man was it goooooood. Definitely fresh macarons because if you hold it too hard the outside starts to crack right away. There were a couple of other baked good that were brought over but didn't get to try all of them. The croissant was pretty good too, very fluffy and buttery with good texture. Parking here is hard during dinner hours and weekend. Sometimes parking is hard to get during lunch hours too but normally its pretty good. Gotta come back and try out some of the other baked goods!!
You may or may not already know that I love cute little "weekend" bakeries and even though I discovered La Boulange in the Game long ago, this location is near my new home and the atmosphere and dining selections continue to wow and impress me every time!! This location is in the old Design Within Reach rotunda, on University. The decor is similar to their other locations and although the space is more modern than they usually go for, the vintage details are still there. The service is great, food spectacular as usual. The rotunda allows lots of natural light and whether dining inside or out you get a great experience. ****NOTE TO THE LA BOULANGE NEWBEES:**** Do not make the mistake of going here without having at least eight of their French Macaroons. Just trust me.
Back when I lived in the hood this place was a copy shop. Then at some point it was a furniture store. My old boss an ex SVP at Facebook had his office above this space and now I think Palantir is looming above. Really cool to see that La Boulange has put in a branch here. THey're growing like wildfire and then I see this: http://insidescoopsf.sfg... Starbucks? Damn. I hope they don't ruin the vibe. But congrats to the owner for building a successful grass roots business and making it to the big time. This site is way bigger than the many others I've been to, and the patio area is awesome. A handful of macarons and an iced chai and it was easy to waste a couple of hours just lounging in the sun and talking. I also like that since it's on the far end of the retail alley of University it's not ridiculously crowded. At least not yet.
I'm so happy that there's actually a French bakery with macarons, canneles, and good croissants around here! Macarons are smaller but made perfectly symmetrically and without air or cracks.  At $1.50 each, they're comparable in price to other macarons around here but I think better quality and consistency.  I tried the following: chocolate, raspberry, pistachio, chocolate hazelnut, coffee, apricot mango, lemon, and caramel, with my favorites being apricot mango (extra fruit bits outside, apricot jam inside - I love fruit fillings over cream fillings), coffee (real coffee grinds in the macaron!) and chocolate hazelnut (subtle nuttiness to it - think Nutella!).  Though it's cliche, I would have preferred the caramel with some sea salt.  None were too sweet nor artificial tasting, so I don't think you can go wrong with any of their 10 daily flavors. I love different flavored shortbread, and they have espresso (subtle, surprisingly good), parmesean (good for cheese lovers), chocolate, orange blossom, and herb de Provence - all are packaged in a bag of about 16 for around $5.75.  The shortbread basically melts in your mouth but surprisingly isn't excessively buttery. The cannele has a slight burnt caramel flavor outside, then a moist and light egginess inside, with all the right textures.  Raspberry financiers are good, but I prefer traditional financiers (available as mini ones in a bag). Chocolate hazelnut croissants have a different crust that I liked a lot and plenty of chocolate filling.  I also prefer warm savory foods over salads and sandwiches, so tarts are awesome (ham and potato; try cauliflower if you're vegetarian.). For something more indulgent, try the croissant bread pudding. Their treats make good gifts, especially as they have various macaron boxes including the long ones and even cute single sized ones.  They also have packaged goods in clear cellophane bags with a ribbon, such as a bag of granola, pound cake, mini financiers, chips, or the aforementioned shortbread. Coffee is from Equator and isn't super strong but isn't weak, either.  They do have soy available at the milk/sugar area.  I also like the cornichons, jars of mustard, jars of ketchup, etc available for diners, so it feels kind of like France. Ultimately, seeing rows of macarons reminds me of Paris and makes me happy but might make me broke now that they're right here in Palo Alto. They're open 7am-7pm daily and do accept credit cards.  There plenty of seating inside and outside on a nice fenced in patio.
The newest addition to the La Boulange chain and I am not disappointed. This one is HUGE and appropriately gorgeous and airy for University Ave. I generally am a fan of the chain, but at this particular storefront I had a slice of the Quiche Lorraine, which was only ok. I would come back to study though, since I find that most of the cafes on University don't have table space/AC.. and this one does. I am still lamenting the fact that Starbucks purchased this beloved local chain, but I may continue to come until the corporate-ness seeps in.
Still think this place is overhyped, but FINALLY got to try their macarons. A little too cold (as in, noticeably cold/stiff) but flavor was fantastic. I'm not quite a fan yet, but a few tweaks here and there would go a long way into converting me. Also, service here is almost always impressive. They might screw up an order here and there, or take forever to get an order together, but they are definitely friendly about it.
I really want to like this place. And maybe one day, I will. Maybe I'll give it 4 stars if they... Read more 
I finally opened their doors today! I've been staring at this construction site for so long...I finally get to enjoy it. I got the Vanilla Napoleon, it was good but a bit more custard than I expected. I love the macaroons! I got the Pistachio and Chocolate Hazelnut. The service was great. I have yet to try their coffee. Will have to come back tomorrow.
This place is brand new. There's another one in San Francisco so apparently a smallish chain. Service is friendly but currently uneven at lunchtime. I'm sure this will get ironed out. On the expensive side but good portions and good quality. Interesting specials too, which seem to sell out all too quickly. Pastries and espresso drinks are top notch.
I had their smoked trout salad today for lunch. What a healthy treat! Normally I don't order fish unless I am within arms reach of the ocean, but I love smoked meats, so I thought I would give it a try. Awesome, can't wait to go back. Also, the service was great!
it was early saturday morning, and i wanted a small/quick bite for breakfast.  fortunately, early in the morning, the lines are rather short, so the wait is minimal. i ordered the salmon quiche ($4.25), heated up, to go.  it was ready in a matter of minutes, and i was on my way, with my warm quiche.  it was delicious, perfect blend of salmon, egg, and some veggies.  the crust was flaky, but not overly crumbly.  great little treat for breakfast.
i am a happy camper now that my favourite SF cafe/bakery has a presence in silicon valley.  i didn't... Read more 
Not to be confused with Le Boulanger (the sandwich chain that has a bunch of locations around the peninsula, including Menlo Park and Mountain View), this La Boulange is the newest location of the SF bakery & cafe chain that is slowly expanding outside of SF.   I was really excited to see this place opening in Palo Alto, since I've wanted to try the SF version for a long time, but we almost never go to SF.   We came for brunch yesterday, and for the most part really enjoyed the experience. I ordered a bunch of things, since I wanted to try as much as possible.   I had a plain croissant ($2.25), a chocolate fondant (not sure the price, but it can't have been more than a couple bucks based on the total), a salmon quiche ($4.75), which they kindly heated up for me, and a hot chocolate ($2.75).    My fiance ordered the Boulange Club sandwich.    They gave me the croissant and fondant and brought us out the rest of the food later.   The croissant was very good, probably one of the best I've had in the bay area, if not the US.   It was no French croissant, but it was getting there - it was buttery, flaky and melted in my mouth.   The fondant was also great.  It did not have a molten center, but it was a rich, dense flourless cake.   It could have used a slightly stronger chocolate flavor, but I would definitely order it again.   The hot chocolate was excellent as well - one of the best I've had with a very strong chocolate flavor.  It almost tasted more like a drinking chocolate than a hot chocolate. Unfortunately the salmon quiche was a disappointment.   The quiche itself was fine but not outstanding (I make a pretty good quiche at home and I don't think this was better), but the salmon had a very overwhelming fishy taste and smell that overpowered the dish and sort of killed my appetite.  It tasted like the salmon might not have been fresh enough.    My fiance's sandwich looked great, and he really enjoyed it, so I think next time I will give their sandwiches a go.   The potatoes that come with the sandwiches are decent, but a little too garlicky for my tastes. The service was a bit spotty, but I'll give them a break for that since they are new.  The servers were very friendly but quite confused and brought the wrong dishes to our table three times.  I love the atmosphere of the place, especially the patio with lots of shaded tables.   You get the al fresco dining experience, but you are elevated a little bit and fenced in, so you feel removed from the craziness of University Ave. Bottom line: We will definitely return.  Downtown PA is surprisingly weak on good brunch places, and I am always a fan of places with authentic French pastries.    At the moment I recommend the pastries, desserts and beverages, but I will come back to try the sandwiches and other savory things, as well as their famous macarons.  I would skip the salmon quiche.
I love this place, everything tastes like it's homemade and the quality is excellent. I hope this doesn't change now that they're bought by Starbucks!!
Yummy pasteries!
After years of no good breakfast places in downtown, the popular La Boulange chain has opened up in Palo Alto.  It's pretty similar to the other stores.
Clean, efficient (even on day two) and high quality.  Between this place and Fraiche, I'm pretty thrilled to have a piece of Pac Heights in Palo Alto.
My new fav spot in downtown PA! It's a great addition as I'm sick of everything in the area. The space is large. Lots of inside and outside seating. The food is great and consistent with all their locations. I love their almond croissant and raisin custard pastry. The sandwiches and soups are fantastic.
So far so good, the mushroom creamy sandwich is 4 stars, it's a very nice location. I have been trying almost all the restaurants on University so it's good to have something new.  I enjoy staying here during a hot day, most part is not too bad beside the cashier wasn't nice. She looked mad like I owed her money (hmmm). I used to be a sever so I hate paying for a bad service, it's a NO NO to me. Overall I would chill and chat here again very soon, cuz it's just that good
Simply yummy! A great find while taking a stroll onto University from the Cal Train. We got bread pudding, hot chocolate, and a coffee to go! Wish we weren't so in a hurry to enjoy our snack... I guess we'll have to return :)
I went in for lunch today with my sister and my son. The place was pretty busy at about 1:30. Someone greeted us shortly after we entered. I had no idea what I wanted so it took me a few minutes to decide. I ended up getting the wild mushroom mac&cheese which was good. My sister got the portabello burger which was also good, so why only 3 stars? All my son wanted was a plain turkey sandwich with lettuce and a little bit of mayo. I asked the girl taking our order for the sandwich and she said they didn't have it on their kids menu. Huh? What kind of place doesn't offer a plain kind of turkey sandwich. That threw me off a little but then she said I could order a combo meal with a half of a sandwich with a side soup or salad. You would think a place would have those plain kind of options for kids but I guess I was wrong.
YAY! They finally opened and of course I had to go on the first day. I grabbed all kinds of goodies including the biggest box of Macaron De Paris! They are so heavenly! All the other sweets are divine too. Trying the sandwiches today for a meeting.
I just found out that Starbuck's has bought La Boulange, and I'm hoping (praying) that they don't kill the essence of this great chain of cafes. La Boulange Palo Alto is a blessing for me. I used to frequent their Cole Valley location, but now that I'm in the South Bay, I can't make it up to the city as often as I'd like. The Palo Alto branch has all the same goodies and even more seating.  Great seating too!  Great service - always a hallmark of La Boulange, and yummy brunches will get me frequenting this place for sure. So please, oh Washington conglomerate, keep the cozy cafe spirit intact. Otherwise I'm going to have to open up some healthy competition closer to home. In Sunnyvale even.
I know this place just opened but I've eaten here a few times already and so far the service and quality has been consistent. Reasonable portion size, fresh greens, and the cheese croissant isn't too greasy. I'm really glad this place opened! Yet another SF based restaurant to add to Palo Alto!
Order flow is somewhat confused and chaotic. Croissants not the flakey wonders I was hoping for, more like normal factory produced fare than say Paris Baguette just down the road. Croquette Monsoir was pretty good and served with a decent little salad. Coffee drinks were good. Service attentive, perhaps even verging on intrusive, Off day for the bakery side? Will probably return ot find out.
I live right in the area and am not happy because the service I got today means that I'll no longer be going into the place.  Darn it. Went in with my son.  Sat directly in front of the cash register. Ordered soup and a drink. Put the beeper thing on the table in front of me.  It never went off.  My son picked up his soup and ate it, then left.  I went to get it put into a box and the lady behind the cash register pushed it toward me.  I said "oh, he left, so can I please get a refund?"  Not a big deal.  But why pay for it if he didn't drink it? She said "I've been trying for a long time to get your attention to tell you." I said "I'm sitting right in front of you."  (I was.  Directly in front of her, 10 feet away.  A "excuse me" would have gotten my attention.) She got mad.  Huh?  Jeez.  And nasty. So then she brings the assistant manager out to do the refund, and I asked her for her name.  She wouldn't give it.  She had a big back-and-forth with the assistant manager who told her to just give me her name.  So she glared at me and rolled her r's as she gave it. I'm not sure what's going on in there, but after the entire interaction I went to get my things from my table.  The buzzer was sitting right in front of me.  It hadn't gone off. The entire issue was very small, but seriously, the level of nastiness that I took away was like a mini version of a fight with someone.  Yuck.  Who needs it? Place feels like a gulag. Either they need better employee training, or people have been beating the employees up to the level where they just hate everybody as a default!
My favorite bay area French bakery is finally in Palo Alto! I love this place! Great food, friendly and helpful staff, and the nicest outdoor patio on University Ave!
