Pretty sure there is crack in the Chai Lattes here... Douce France is my favorite spot in Palo Alto and I will probably never grow tired of coming here. I've been coming to Douce France for the past 10+ years. In fact, for 4 years of high school I'm pretty sure I ate lunch here anywhere from 2-4 times a week. So many businesses in Town & Country have come and go over the years but this place remains the best go-to neighborhood spot to catch up with family or friends over a light meal or coffee.  Much of the core staff has remained the same over the years, and the owner is often seen working behind the counter. Everyone who works here is friendly and willing to work with special requests/adjustments to my food order. I am completely addicted to their Chai Lattes, iced or hot. I literally crave it and stop by for one almost everyday whenever I'm in town.  I recommend the Chai Latte (geez how many times have I mentioned the word "Chai Latte" in this review?), the savory and sweet crepes, and the ready-made croissant sandwiches that they will toast for you before serving.  Apparently the fruit tarts are spectacular here because my mom raves about them all the time.  I love that you can just order a half sandwich if you're not as hungry. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. The only reason I am not giving this place 5 stars (and trust me I really want to) is because some of the pastries, such as the chocolate croissant, are just slightly above average.
Came on here on a whim.  Compared to Starbucks, the baked goods are much higher quality, the coffee is smoother-drinking and less expensive, and the music was light euro jazz/house -- very refreshing. On the negative side, the staff seemed a little tired/less personable than they could have been, and although it's well located in the Town & Country shopping center, its country French atmosphere is looking just a bit dated.  Overall very solid though.  Judging on the quality of the food & drinks alone it's basically 5 stars... and they serve beer & wine!
After a stroll at Stanford Shopping Center, I came here for an afternoon snack.  I had heard about this place through a friend and wanted to give it a try.  It was a Sunday afternoon, but they didn't have a whole lot of items in their display cases so it was a little disappointing to see.  Prices were not cheap either.  We ordered a cappuccino, fruit tart, and a chocolate croissant to share. The fruit tart was yummy with fresh blueberries, strawberry, and raspberries.  Better than the Cocola bakeries in SJ.  Loved the cream in the tart.  MMMmmmm.  The chocolate croissant was light and fluffy.  Can't compare to the Tartine Bakery ones, but it was still very good.  Unlike most places, they also partially dip them in chocolate, but I liked that it wasn't overly sweet at all. On a sunny day, it's nice to sit outside although the view of the parking lot is not a great sight.  Friendly staff.  Clean environment.  Hope to try some other goodies next time.
Fantastic place! Casual atmosphere, great variety of food (sandwiches, soups, salad, pastries, etc). You can stop here for a quick bite or have a complete meal.
Stopped in here because it was around the way from Rinconada park and I was on my way to another BBQ in Hayward.  I got a fruit tart and it was a real hit at the BBQ.  Fresh fruit, not to sweet and just right.  I was even tempted to grab a mini one on my way out. I noticed that there were people that came here that actually spoke French....that was kinda cool.  I don't really hear that much when I walk into a French bakery!  Makes it even more authentic ;)
Gem of a French cafe - the savory crepes are what they do best.  Desserts are pretty good too. These guys look like they know what they're doing, it's the real deal.  All the tables were filled up inside, so we found some public outdoor seating with shade umbrellas, was much better actually. We're so glad we found this place through Yelp, otherwise we would've never gone here - you can't see the cafe from the street cause  it's tucked in a fairly large strip center.
I've been going here for years -- it's one of my favorite tucked away spots in palo alto to sit with a book enjoy a panini (Alina is my favorite) and an iced latte at one of the cute tables outside. They use fresh, high quality ingredients in their dishes, and their panini bread is impossibly crunchy and soft at the same time. mmm. I'm also not normally a huge fan of sweets or pastries, but it's awesome that they give you a complimentary delicious tiny pastry with a lunch order. Staff is very friendly too.
Such a great little local place! Totally recommend it, the vibe was great and it was so affordable!
My coworker brought in some leftover chocolate cake from this bakery -- BEST CHOCOLATE CAKE OF MY LIFE.  Yes - I did need to use all capital letters!
This place is nice. I really enjoyed my iced chai tea latte. It was the best I have had. The macarons were tasty as well. I might have given it another star if the customer service was a little better. The guy, I believe he is French, was kind of short, but he did help me. Honestly I would go back for the chai latte. My friend also ordered a quiche and it was very good. I would def. go back for the pastries and drinks.
Maybe I should have tried the croque madame or one of their paninis, but I have to say, I wasn't much impressed with their regular butter croissant. It came with a side of really cold and hard butter and jam. It was flaky enough, but definitely not the best croissant I've ever tasted. I guess I expected more from a supposedly French bakery. Their various mini fruit tarts looked divine though. Prices are a bit on the high side, but what else would you expect in the heart of Palo Alto? I might come back to try some of their other offerings, but for now, I'd say you can get a better croissant at many other bakeries. Seating is very crowded, reminiscent of a Parisienne cafe. The tables are small and close together. And it can be difficult to hear your companion because of all of the other conversations taking place nearby.
I just really like Douce France, not really for the decor or the ambiance, but for the AMAZING fruit tarts and pastries. The almond croissants, the lemon tarts...everything is so good. We ordered a whole bunch of sandwiches for lunch, prosciutto and cheese, ham and cheese, mozarella and pesto. Everything was delicious. Don't leave Palo Alto without trying the desserts at this spot!
I've only come here for breakfast foods, but the food's so tasty.  My favorites are the almond tea cakes.  They're small, but very good. A supervisor brought in the ham and cheese croissants.  They're now my new favorites.  I kept sneaking into the break room to get another half... and another half.  The spinach quiche is also good, but it is really stuffed with a lot more spinach then I'm use to in a quiche. Anyway, this place is a real treat!
The service is exactly like a cafe in France. This means that half the time the employees are too busy talking with each other to take your order or pay attention to such trivial things like making coffee or putting a croissant on a plate.
I wish I had known about this restaurant when I lived by it!  This restaurant is tucked in the crowded Town and Country shopping center where it is difficult to find parking.  The restaurant itself, although very busy, didn't feel loud or overcrowded.  The tables were small and the chairs were comfortable. My friends and I tried an array of sandwiches and breakfast foods.  We were all pleased with our decisions (except for the friend that ordered a sweet breakfast with a sweet drink and ended up on a sugar high!).  The croissants were very good and tasted fresh! A child at the table next to us knocked a plate of the table that held a croissant.  The staff quickly came with a new croissant for the family and cleaned up the mess.  They were very friendly!
I met a friend her for breakfast. I know I got a cappuccino with my meal, and a croissant to go...but I don't remember what I got to eat there. I want to say a ham and cheese croissant, and I probably liked it. Whatever, the place was cute and clean. This place has a nice fan base. We saw people of all types and ages, and then huge groups of parents and children came in post-soccer games. I thought their food was fresh, and the staff was really friendly.
I write this with mixed emotions after looking forward to having a light breakfast at Douce France, which is reminiscent of a Parisian cafe. Clear standouts: - Chai tea latte: Like crack. No idea what they put in this concoction, but I could've just drank this and came away feeling like I was on cloud nine. The. Best. Chai. Ever. - Mushroom quiche: Light, flaky crust. Moist, flavorful interior. Yummy tart-like pastry. They also had spinach and ham varieties available. Falling shorts: - Chocolate croissant: Because many Yelper swore by it. I would beg to differ. I've had far, far better chocolate croissants. The pastry was flaky, but rather dense and definitely not buttery enough. Paul Deen would never approve! I must say though, the chocolate used was pretty great. - Apricot danish: The apricot portion was okay, but the cream cheese lacked the traditional cream cheese flavor. Also, the pastry was a tad sticky and soggy instead of flaky. I wouldn't go for this again. - Blueberry scone: The one pastry that SHOULD'VE been dense...but wasn't. Light and airy...and draped with a simple syrup type of coating....definitely not your typical scone. Not that tasty either. - Customer service: What service? Many Yelpers were raving about the customer service here, but I didn't see any of that on a Sunday morning. No smiles, no friendliness, no nothing. Just a 'what do you want', and 'get out of the way' attitude. I realize it's tough when it's crowded, but still...Meh.
How good is Douce France? I work nearby during the evenings, and it's common for me to eat two to three meals a week here before I start work, and I'm a picky eater. Their sandwiches are quite nice; I like the Misto and the Doux Jardin best, though the turkey with cheese is nice too. I like the salads, and their soups are outstanding; several of them are vegetarian. They offer excellent quiches and delicious desserts. The one time I got a crepe, I was a bit underwhelmed, but I keep thinking I should give it one more try. Staff members are super super nice. (It helps if you're 1. a regular, 2. super super nice first, and 3. a generous tipper, but those things are not essential; I've seen them maintain a polite demeanor even with obnoxious customers.) The place is very comfortable and is a regular hangout for local teachers: Stanford and Palo Alto High School are both right across the street. If you need to get some work done, you can hang on to a table for hours as long as it's not the lunch rush. I like their macarons better than La Boulange's.
The customer service at Douce France is by far the stand-out part of my experience. I have always been greeted and helped by the most honest, generous, and polite people behind the counter. Last time I found myself at CVS in Town & Country after work, I stopped by Douce France to treat myself to a little dinner to go. I got a nice, simple Fresco baguette sandwich, which turned out to be delicious and surprisingly filling for such a small sandwich. I also got two macarons (1 coffee, 1 pistaschio) as an extra treat. When I got home and opened up the cute little sandwich bag, I found an extra macaron awaiting me! What a treat. The macarons are quite good here -- I believe they are the best you can get right around Stanford & Palo Alto if you aren't willing to trek out to Redwood City or SF. The one drawback: no salted caramel (at least not when I was there). The other flavors I tried were both to die for though, and the texture was right on the money.
Everything is yummy! Today i had a turkey sandwich on a criossant. Brought home a box of chocolate, raspberry and plain criossants. Service is awesome. Staff is super friendly. Place is cute & kept clean. Can get busy at lunch time. Nice outdoor seating - great if you have your pup with you- Ill keep that in mind! A favorite & so many things i want to try- soups, crepes, etc! So of course wellbd back!
C'est magnifique! Douce France is a French cafe located in Palo Alto's Town and Country. They truly do commit to the idea, and the entire cafe features simple decor quite reminiscent of a Parisian cafe, right down to the small circular tables, and the woven chairs characteristic of Parisian cafes. Service is very friendly; you order at the cash register, and everybody I've ever encountered here has been incredibly pleasant and easy to interact with. Food comes out very quickly, and the staff brings it straight to your table. Everything is very good here, although my favorite combination is the "Le Fromagere" crepe paired with the chai tea latte. The Le Fromagere, which is a combination of goat cheese, Swiss cheese, mozzarella cheese, basil, and parsley, has an amazing flavor to it. The spices complement the cheese so well, and everything is so savory and tasty. Their chai tea latte is definitely one of the best chai teas I've had. Spiced to perfection, and balanced very well with the milk to produce a wonderful flavor. Really, everything about Douce France is just wonderful. It's been one of my standbys since I discovered it as a student at Stanford, and it will continue to be a place I routinely go to and enjoy. C'est si bon!
Whenever I can't decide what to eat for lunch, I always end up gravitating towards this place.  Not only are their sandwiches absolutely delicious (bread is crispy, vegetables taste fresh, just the right amount of dressing) but they always come with a small sweet treat too!  If that's not convincing enough, their service is really friendly and the portions are well worth it. But I agree with what others have said that parking in this area can be tough and the lunch lines tend to go out the door.  Can't blame them though, it really is worth the rush!
There are several other cafes and bakeries in the area, but Douce France has features which set it apart. Location is one of these factors. The cafe is at a more peripheral position in the square - allowing a relaxed "pace" as you enjoy brunch with a friend (or zone out by yourself). Their selling point is obviously that they are more distinctly "French" than other cafes, and I think they stick pretty well to that. Their food isn't remarkable, but for the prices and the number of options - yes... maybe. What I appreciate most about this bakery is simply that it's refined, cozy, and casual. It has a "sigh of relief" pleasantness to it. Sure, the crepes are nice- the pastries are nice - (and the sandwiches are overpriced), but come for the cafe experience. Douce France does it well.
If you want to feel classy... this is the place for you. You might be spending a lot but its so worth it.. The coffee is so lovely and the food is also MONEY (aka- FANTASTIC). We have only had crepes or a baguette, but I bet everything is delicious. You just order food/coffee at the counter and they give you a number to go to your table, so it's casual in that sense... but when I come here I feel like i've walked into a nice cafe in France..! Anyplace that makes you feel as though you are on vacation is deserving of 5 stars in my book. Try it! You won't be dissapointed. :)
Don't patronize this business. Rude and arrogant. They would not let me order food to go after they had closed the register even though the restaurant was still open and full of customers. Guess business is good and they don't need our money.
Definitely my go to place whenever I'm in town. I used to come here all the time when I went to school across the street, the pastries are amazing and are just the thing for a quick snack. The service is pretty good, usually pretty friendly or at least polite. My favorites definitely have to be the apple danish and the scones! The danish is always very fresh and flavorful, and the scones are filling and not too heavy. If I had one complaint it would be the extremely long lines that can form during lunchtime, and that the seating is very cramped.
i only come here weekend mornings and the pastries never disappoint. my favorite is the chocolate croissant. if you can catch them when they're bringing a new batch out, and the chocolate is still slightly runny on top.... heaven. i've tried a few of their other pastries, and all are better than i've had at other bakeries.
I have literally been here a thousand times now over the past twelve years.  Excellent food, service, and atmosphere.
There coffee drinks are AMAZING and pastries of course are as delicious as they look. Definitely recommend.
A disappointment on every level. When I first walked in to this place, I thought I had finally found a friendly casual breakfast place where I could relax, read the paper, celebrate the beginning of a new day with a little crusty roll and a hot delicious beverage. NOPE. And, for the record, I am easy to please!!! I love breakfast, and I was in a great mood when I walked in. Let me summarize the experience: Rude, unfriendly staff. Tepid tea. Sub-par bread. Untoasted toast. Runny, undercooked eggs. Really uncomfortable seats. Dirty tables. I had to get up and ask for silverware. Tea pot fell apart and landed in my cup. ***Skip this place, and try Califia or Peets around the corner.*** For those of you that want the details: First off, the guy behind the counter was rude when I asked (politely) if they served eggs. I found a little table, bussed the pile of dirty, food-encrusted dishes, and sat down on the booth bench. The table came up to my chin. Now, I am not a petite woman, so this was a bit surprising. I then got up, and sat in the chair, so that I could eat off the table. Now, the height was right, but the chair seat was falling apart, so that one of the edges was trying to work itself into my tush. OK, I thought, whatever, you aren't Goldilocks, just ignore it, and have some tea. So, I pour myself some tea from the awkward, dribbling-everywhere tea pot, and it surprisingly light. The water was tepid. TEPID! I was then distracted by the man bringing my eggs. The food looked okay, and I wanted to eat it, but he had neglected to bring silverware. I had to get up (again) and ask for it. The man behind the counter laughed (rather sneeringly) when I (politely, with a smile) requested utensils. So, finally, sitting down, at last, I began to eat, only to discover that the eggs were COLD and UNDERCOOKED, and the toast was not even toasted. I sighed, and went to pour myself some (tepid) tea, when the metal lid fell off the awkward pot and into my cup. Surprised, I sat staring at this for a moment.  Then I got up from the uncomfortable chair, and left.
A few gal pals and I met up for a late lunch at Douce France, and I was extremely excited as I saw the large pastry area. It's a very casual atmosphere, with little round tables indoors and outdoors.  The ordering style is order and pay at the cash register, and they'll bring your food and drinks out later).  The staff is super friendly, happy to answer questions, and was extremely patient as I tried making up my mind about my box of to-go pastries. I had the Misto Sandwich (one of their bestsellers - mixed greens, tomatoes, chicken, and pesto sauce on a baguette) and found that although it looked rrrreaallly good, I found it to be a little bland.  The upside: a little pastry on the side!  In addition to my sandwich, I also split a quiche with the girls.  That was actually good, and I would order this again. For dessert, which I ate about two hours later, I had their chocolate and pistachio macarons, a cream puff, and a fruit tart.  I am sad to say I was disappointed in this department as well.  The macarons were not as flaky as I would have liked, the cream puff itself could have used some more butter and the cream was unremarkable.  They did a great job with the fruit part of the fruit tart, but the custard was ok and the pastry was soggy.   That last bit could have been my fault for waiting so long to eat it.
Excellent food + great customer service! Though I can't stand some snobbish and pretentious customers, I will definitely go back because everything else about this place is just wonderful.
their panninis are pretty delicious and their desserts are definitely to die for---try the apricot croissants. Used to frequent this place when I lived in stanford, they were always great and fast
Bought pastries before work one day. When I got to work, I realized they'd smushed everything in a box that was too small. Everything was literally stuck together and flattened. The few things that weren't ruined tasted good, which is the one and only reason it's not a one star.
The quality is consistently superb. I have been coming here for years, sometimes we get chocolate croissants to go for at home to freeze and indulge on a  Sunday morning. The service is always fast and friendly. Love the Chai! But I also love the paninis. Often crowded at lunch time though, because of hungry students from the neighboring school.
Came here looking for a baguette like you get in France. Was sorely disappointed. The bread was dull, but relatively even worse when you consider it's supposed to be a French specialty bakery/cafe. The baguettes over at the nearby La Baguette are much closer to what you find in France, but the bread at Feel Good Bakery in Alameda is even more spot on. I also wanted to try the pain aux raisins here, since it was the only place I could find my better half's favorite pastry that was made without cinnamon (again... like in France). Well, it was good that it didn't have cinnamon, but it wasn't all that great either; no custard creme lining, and somewhat dinky.
My visit was back on 2/28/11, about 2:00ish.  I can only speak about the followings: -Strawberry shortcake $3.95 -Blueberry tart $5.19 -Cream puff $1.95 Nowadays, since Safeway seems to offer ok sweets, I don't have to drive up here, paying that much $ to get their goodies. On the other hand, quite frankly, I'm a bread person, rather than cakes, so at this point I was little upset at myself for not visiting early enough to get my Brioche and all. The shop was nice.  They renewed the entire shopping mall.  But changing outside doesn't mean very much, and looks could be deceiving. It was interesting to witness customers don't ask how much things are (no price indicated).  They just order their drink, point out the show case, and pay whatever $ is told.  I bet they never use coupons for their grocery. Please check out some photos for more details.
Turkey Croissant Sandwich + Chocolate Croissant.. and then another Chocolate Croissant, all in one sitting.. *sigh* Considering there's a high probability I'm allergic to gluten, this was definitely not the smartest lunch.. but it sure was one of the tastiest.
Douce France gets points on the "relative star" Yelp scale: compared to other options in the Stanford 8-minute-drive proximity, it is cuter, comfier, and friendlier.  It tends to be a good place to get writing done; there is reliable wifi and some power sockets. On the relative-scale, Douce France is a great spot; but it is *not*, as in the lavish praise of some reviewers, "magnifique" or "consistently superb."  Here's what's good and what's not: -- Good -- Crepes (especially savory); usually worth the price. Wifi Outside seating on a sunny day. -- OK -- Espresso: Lavazza is a mediocre house brand. Even most Italians I know prefer, when dining out, to pay for Illy, or something locally roasted and worth the premium. Lavazza will do the trick, but it is nothing to holler about. Expect some tolerable bitterness of the bad sort. Seating policy: They get busy enough over a lunch period of about 3 hours that even if you have purchased lunch, pastries, and post-lunch espresso they will ask you to "condense" with other lingerers if they so much as see your laptop or book come out of the briefcase or backpack. Their policy is not distributed even-handedly though: they will ask student-looking folk to move before they ask others, regardless of what either party has purchased. Pastries: They are acceptable when purchased soon after baking. -- Bad -- Panini: Inexcusably small for the price; even smaller than what you get in Europe, in case being European was the "authenticity excuse." And the bread tends to be either stale or toasted to a cracker-crisp all the way through. In sum: If you wish to have a nice cafe to work at, go when it's not busy; buy the savory crepes; and don't expect amazing (or terrible) espresso or baked goods. A personal note: The thing I liked most about Douce France was that the ownership and the "help" appear to get along quite well most of the time.  It's nice for once to see the dishwashers and other support staff treated nicely both frontstage and backstage.
This review is for their quiches and pastries. We had these lovely bakes goods served at our meeting today. I had the spinach quiche, almond croissant, and cinnamon swirl with raisins. YUM! The quiches were still slightly warm, could've been warmer. Very delicious, although I fet like I need some more salt on my quiche. The pastries were very good. Fresh and crispy baked. I think I would like to actually stop buy here to get the full experience.
Best chocolate croissant I have ever had. Screw that, it's one of the best things I've ever eaten. Life altering experience. Flaky, buttery, chocolatey, a magical combination. I've never gotten anything else here because it is so good. I'm sure everything is top quality.
I popped in for a quick breakfast.  I had the crepes with apples and cinamon with a cappuccino.  The crepes were solid - not mindblowing.  The filling was well-cooked and seasoned.  The cappuccino was ok - 3.5/5. I want to give them a 3.5 - but I will round up because the vibe is cute and casual, the price:quality ratio is good. Their baked goods look tasty, but I didn't try any.
My friend said this place is always busy so we came here to have a late lunch.  Since the location is in Palo Alto the prices would be pricey.  But the quality of taste is so good!  I ordered the savory crepe called La Normande and it had Swiss cheese, Turkey, Tomato, Basil and a couple others that I forgot.  My friend ordered what was behind the glass and we also ordered pastry.  The pastry we ordered was chocolate with almond paste inside.  The pastry was so strong especially the almond paste inside was so rich and overpowering.  As far as the crepes I ordered was so delicious! Especially the salad that came with it plus a squeeze of lemon.  So Yumm-O!! The crepe was hard to eat with a knife and fork that I just held it like a sandwich and ate it from there.  They all speak french and they have servers that bring the food to you.  Once your done with the meal they will pick up the empty plates from you.  Amazing service not like in SF.  I am looking forward to coming back and eating here again if I come back to the area!
Okay, the place's decor is still cute, and today, I went outside and noticed that each outside table has a cute vintage poster print on it. All that aside, the REASON I went outside is pretty sad.  Basically in the afternoon, as I tried to take advantage of my free hour and enjoy a late lunch with a book, I was assaulted by crowded groups of people and a wailing baby.  (Please, why are baby chairs even offered.. this is a cafe... not Denny's). I know I'm sounding harsh right now, but this is not what I remember from before.  I mean the food is still decent, my fresco panini was good (but for $8 a pop, it should be, no?).  And my pistachio macaron was pretty good (although the vanilla one was pretty plain). But, did I appreciate the server picking up the macarons with his hands and putting them into the white bag?  The same hands he used to take the previous customer's money?  The same hands he probably uses to do all sorts of other tasks... on my food?   Do you think I'm being overly picky or should I be fine with direct handling of my food at a French cafe in Palo Alto Town and Country? Cheese House looked quiet and peaceful.  Their sandwiches are only $7... and they're hearty too.
Disclaimer:  I have never been to France. Le Douce France is right across the street from where I... Read more 
Crepes!  Thin baguettes with butter!  This place makes me want to exclaim, a lot.  It's in the Town and country shopping center near where I work and when I end up here for the rare lunch out, it's always a happy experience. I love French food and French inspired food.  The past few times I have been in France, I was a vegetarian, which most peope thought might be hard to eat well and enjoy oneself, but it wasn't. I ate a lot of slim sweet baguettes with Normandy butter on them.  Douce France reminds me of the long summer Parisian days I'd spend wandering the city, munching on a baguette smeared with good butter or layered with Emmental cheese. The crepes are quite nice and simply prepared.  The best food, I find, is presented simply and uses whole foods with simple flavors.  The crepes here are like that for me. Mmmmmmm now I'm hungry for a crepe.  Or a butter slathered baguette.
After a not-so-great experience at one of the other cafes in the Palo Alto Town Center, I decided to give this place a try. The moment that I walked in, I was greeted by someone behind the counter who told me to take my time and let them know when I was ready to order. Since this was my first time here, I decided to go with one of the sandwiches (which turned out to be a great decision). I placed the order and sat down at one of the tables to wait. A few minutes later my sandwich arrived -- still hot and the bread freshly toasted. The ratio between bread to the inside items was perfect and the sandwich was the perfect portion size (not so big that I feel overwhelmed and sick afterward). It was a bit pricey (about $12 for a sandwich and drink). However, the food is good, the atmosphere is nice, and the staff is friendly. What more could you want?
Very cute French Cafe located in Town and Country Village near LaBelle Day Spa.... Maybe French cafes aren't really my thing, because I wasn't blown away by any of the food here.  Coffee was very good, and It was nice that they give free refills; definitely wasn't expecting that. I'd say its charming more than anything, and thats probably a great deal of the appeal.  Nice place to meet a friend for lunch or coffee, or just to sit and study.  I woudnt hesitate to come back, but I don't know if Douce France would be my first choice.
Found this place on Yelp and it's tucked away in analley in the Town and Country center. Ordered a Croque Monsieur which essentially is a toasted ham sandwich with cheese on top of the toast and a side of greens. The salad was very fresh and the vinaigrette was light. The sandwich was very fresh and tasty!!! Ordered the Strawberry shortcake and it was okay. There was more whip cream than strawberry though. The portion was also huge! The chocolate croissant was okay. Service was friendly by the staff! :)
Like many others, my boyfriend and I got the Groupon to this place.  We came here today for brunch to use it.  We intended to just pick up a bunch of pastries, but they didn't have a huge selection and some of the hot sandwiches sounded good, so we decided on an angelo (proscuitto and arugula) for him and a buffarella (buffalo mozzarella, tomato, basil) for me, as well as a chocolate croissant to share. The guy who was taking the orders rudely held the Groupon in my face and said in a really loud voice "NOT GOOD FOR LUNCH FOOD" (which it does say on it).  When I responded that I didn't realize and we'd rethink our order, he said he would do it just this once but said with a sneer "don't ever do it again!"  It was nice of him to take it for lunch when he didn't have to, but honestly, he was kind of a jerk about it.  I thought the people at the counter also seemed super impatient that we didn't know what we wanted -- sorry we've never been before!!   So, no points for service. The chocolate croissant was fantastic but not cheap ($2.50).  The pastry itself was good but not great, but I loved the chocolate sauce (its more like a sauce than a bar) inside, and the fact that it was dipped in chocolate.   Our sandwiches were pretty mediocre for the price ($8-9 for a small sandwich with no sides, except a bite-sized fruit tart).    I swear the mozzarella on my sandwich wasn't buffalo mozzarella.  It really tasted like normal, cow mozzarella to me, and didn't seem super fresh.  I've had much, much better mozzarella elsewhere.   It wasn't bad but it was nothing exceptional, and a small portion for the price I thought.   My bf felt similarly about his sandwich. Bottom line: Fun to try, no burning desire to come back, and if I did I would stick to the pastries!
**3.5 STARS** In search of a pastry spot for our Sunday lounge day (since we were getting sick of Whole Paycheck) S.O. and I decided to go here (in a rush) before the Women's WWC match. We parked ... we walked inside... and we got lost in translation... literally. There's two entrances (we figured out that it's one way in... one way out...) On top of that obstacle... this old guy was in the middle of the line chatting his heart's lungs away... me being respectful that his old and he's in line... didn't know what to do... S.O. to the rescue: he bypassed him. Done. 2nd obstacle: lady behind us with 4 waters... not respecting "personal space" -- she was literally about to hump the S.O. just to get faster in line. Really? Finally, when it was time to order... the barista was friendly! S.O. ordered a vanilla latte and me... soy mocha. I forgot what pastry the S.O. got but I ordered their famous chocolate croissant. First impression: it's tiny! By far the smallest chocolate croissant I've ever since BUT it packs a punch! It was loaded with chocolate inside and it was delicious! Soy mocha: delicious! Just the right amount of chocalatey... although I really do need to start telling the barista to make my coffee at 140 degrees since I'm tired of getting my tongue burned! In the end... their pastry was delicious as well as their coffee. We'll probably be back... better prepared for their weird patrons... and any obstacles that might be thrown our way... plus it's right along where Trader Joe's is located... this makes it extra convenient for us...
Yeah...my  rating hasn't changed after a visit just for their dessert/pastry section.  I'm sticking with "Meh. I've experienced better"  I'm perplexed as to why this place is busy.  Is it possible I had 2 out of 2 off days??? I went for a regular drop coffee, chocolate croissant, and a slice of the strawberry sponge cake. *Starbucks has better drip COFFEE and I don't like Starbucks' drip coffee.  It literally tasted like half of my cup was diluted with hot water. UCK. *CHOCOLATE croissant is the only thing I can give them props for and would reorder again --but even then, I have had better chocolate croissants. *STRAWBERRY sponge cake had a whipped cream frosting ratio of 1 to 1.  So if you like a lot of whipped cream, you'll like this.  It reminds me of Asian style strawberry cakes except it fails in comparison.  There weren't any sliced strawberries in between the cake/frosting layers so each bite tasted only of whipped cream (which isn't sweetened at all...just heavy cream) since the sponge cakes don't have a lot of flavor to it.  I wouldn't get it again.
This review does not include pastries --that will come later. A coworker and I came here for lunch... Read more 
Crowded during the afternoon hours. I always thought that I wouldn't find a better place for face-time than the first floor of my college library. I have been proven wrong. Sightings during my work session here included: -French exchange students -Rich housewives with young girls toting designer handbags and leaving with their respectively caf and decaf lattes -Entrepreneurs -Writer and editor discussing a book -A couple on an awkward date where only the guy was talking -Stanford student with parents visiting from out of town(country) -Numerous high school students The tight setting made sure that I did not miss a single worthy incident that went on in the shop all afternoon. There was never a dull moment and the seats were consistently filled. It was only around 5 that things started to quiet down. I haven't been back since the Groupon happened, but I can imagine that life in Douce France might just be even a little more hectic.
I love this place.  The coffee is great, the tartes and croissants and egg sandwiches are really good, and the atmosphere is as "not Starbucks" as you can get.  And that's a good thing. I really believe in patronizing local businesses when possible, and Douce France is a great example of why: the quality of service is very high, and the feeling you get as a customer is that the owner is looking over the entire experience. My only ask would be for them to encourage laptop users to not overstay their welcome or hog tables, but again, this issue is not nearly as severe as one would encounter at at Starbucks.
I should have known that I would find a cute bakery cafe in Palo Alto. Thanks to Groupon, I discovered this bakery in the back of the Town & Center complex in PA. There were a lot of people drinking coffee and catching up with friends, so we decided to get our order to go. Everything was alright, but the cheesecake was SO GOOD! it was creamy yet light and not too sweet, definitely the perfect combination if you want something not too heavy. I will definitely be back for more. My own grip was that there were no prices (which is pretty common for bakeries) but it made it hard to figure out how many more desserts we needed to choose to reach our $20 for Groupon.
I went here to purchase a birthday cake, and was really happy with both the cake and the service. The cashier boxed the cake with a very pretty dolly for the bottom, and also put a "happy birthday" sign on the cake and gave me a candle which matched the cake color. I got the cake with the strawberries on the top, and it was so delicious. Although there is much creme, it is not overly sweet and the creme is quite tasty. The sugar coated strawberries were also a big hit.
Lovely? Check. Parisian ambiance? Check. Chocolate drizzle? Check. Crispy crepe? Check. Espresso vigorous? Check. Not expensive? Check. Perfect little magazine to read with espresso and chocolate banana strawberry crepe? Check. All in all, check check check check chceck. That is, I mean, star star star star star.
Didn't realize the Groupon was not good for lunch items, but hey, they took it without saying anything. Guess enough people tried :) Not sure if it's coz of Groupon since the people around us were waving their printed Groupons upon checkout, but the place was very full. So full that people including us were willing to take a table outside when it was windy and cold. We got crepes. The "crepeskin" seemed to be made of buckwheat, and was light, slightly crispy where it's not soggy, and thin. However, the fillings failed to match up, and the salad on the side was meh (good housemade salad dressing is the key!!). Orange juice was very fresh and tasty. Maybe I should just settle for some pastries next time? There are other French cafe I like better for lunch food.
I got introduced to this place through Groupon. I had seen the bakery before, but hadn't stopped in. So after trying the place a few times, I've decided the food/bakery items are solid and not really spectacular. I'd probably say 3 stars to be honest. So what pushes up my rating is the friendly staff, the ample amount of seating inside and out, and that they are supporting the vintage T&C shopping center. It is great to see this vintage shopping center get revitalized after so many in surrounding cities have fallen to the wrecking ball (Santana Row). Verdict: a nice place to grab a bite to eat and coffee and watch the world go by.
Maybe I did not order correctly, but I thought it was just average. I have been to far better French cafes/bakeries, I'm afraid. I ordered a panini with cheese and a variety of greens - not sure what it was called - Fresco, maybe? The bread was nice and fresh, but the sandwich really had no discernible flavor. My chai latte was good, but not unlike any I have had at places like Boulange in SF. The service was friendly and quick - and there is ample seating. It's a comfortable place to grab a quick lunch, read a book, etc. But I wouldn't necessarily return for a great meal. Many of the pastries did look tempting, though, so I'll have to give those a shot! Regarding Jun K.'s comment about wailing babies and high chairs...respectfully, having a baby does not relegate you to Denny's. Families want to eat well, too! So relax, it's not Gary Danko.
I have been coming to this place for a couple weeks now and it is established as my favorite cafe. The tarts are delicious and always fresh and my americanos hot and frothy with espresso foam. Tried my first panini today and quite enjoyed it! Will continue to come back here for the staff are ALWAYS friendly.
GOOD:  Quick service.  Excellent crepe.  Bakery is solid.  Definitely will go back. BAD: Too many people during lunch (is that a Bad Point?).
Overall, an OK cafe. Cute decor, friendly staff, and a large selection of pastries. The food isn't bad, but it is overpriced for what you get. I had the tomato/basil/mozzarella on a baguette; it was good, but not $7good. The bread was a little hard, but that didn't stop me from finishing my sandwich. I also had a latte and the strawberry layer cake (for the... uhh... sake of this review) (you're welcome). I was pleasantly surprised when the small latte came out in a decent sized glass mug, worth its price. The cake had a layer of fresh strawberries. I'm normally not a big "fresh fruit in my dessert" kind of person, but the strawberries weren't soggy and they didn't overwhelm the taste of the cake. This place isn't the best French bakery I've been to, but it's not the worst. If you go here you probably won't regret it, but you're not missing out if you don't. Hence, 3 stars!
Like many Yelpers who have shared reviews, we came here on a Groupon at around 11:00am on a Sunday (Jan 23/2011). It was PACKED! Luckily we had our infant son with us and that always demands empathy from people :-) so we found seating quickly. I deducted one star though because it isn't a very welcoming atmosphere on a Sunday when you want to have a relaxing bunchy meal. I say this because I counted at least 10-12 laptops. Some less considerate souls were working and not eating which is bad for business because some people walked in and left when they realized there was no place to sit. Also, some people don't want to sit next to people running spreadsheets on a Sunday afternoon. The Alina Panini was excellent. 5 stars for that. The goat cheese was super savoury. We also had a crepe that I am forgetting the exact name of. I think it was Bitteque? Anyway, also excellent and 5 stars. The coffee was a disappointment so I would give it 3/5 stars. The service was 5 stars. We will be back.
First time today for b-fast, ...great crepes and the tarts are sooo delicious ,my Fiancee and I loved the place !
The sandwich is pretty much the greatest invention ever. A hodgepodge of random crap encased between two pieces of bread? Genius! It's appropriate for any time of the day; you can eat it sitting down, while on the go, alone, with friends, while receiving...the possibilities are endless! Personally, I prefer to panini-it-up while riding the Cleveland Steamer, but would settle for Douce France's outdoor tables if my first choice were unavailable. The panini menu here is limited but all of the selections sound delicious. While I loved the freshness and perfectly crunchy bread on my mozzarella, tomato and basil sammy, I didn't love how the cheese wasn't heated through. I didn't try my peon's panini (yes, I gave him permission to eat on this rare occasion) with prosciutto, mixed greens and mozzarella, but he seemed to like it despite the acknowledgment that it was a bit too leafy. Each of the sammies came with a tiny bite-size fruit tart. It would have been perfect if they came with a small side salad too, 'cause tossing salad while eating a sandwich might be the next best thing to rocking on the Cleveland Steamer.
Very nice ambience with French bistro tables and chairs. Of course, since the owner is French (or at least speaks French), dogs are welcome to sit in the little patio. The crepes are not expensive--the sweet crepes only cost $4.5 and the savory ones $6-7! The croissants and brioches come in two sizes and so you can sample different things without causing a stomach explosion. The only thing weak is the hot chocolate, which is too bland. ---- (Update) Downgraded to 4*. Visited this place on a Sunday morning. Had a sweet crepe--not fresh. Hubby had the panini--the bread was so cold that his lip was cut. I did not see the owner on this day--perhaps the kitchen staff slacked off when the master was not present????
As much as I adore Coupa Cafe, this one ranks a close second.  It's basically a lovely French styled bistro-cafe-place to spend a few hours tucked into Town and Country Village.   Tasty, reasonably priced meals - and yes, sandwiches that come with little tarts! - plus evil delicious deserts and a lovely cafe atmosphere makes this little spot a must visit in Palo Alto.  Free wifi, a patio with many chars, comfy seats, people who know how to make coffee-related drinks - did I mention the sinfully beautiful desserts?  This place is always busy, and there's a reason for that - quality attracts faithful customers.  The service is good, and the place treats its customers well.  Remember what that's like? Oh that everyone had a local cafe just like this in their neighbourhood.  Makes one feel like one can enjoy the pleasures of France right here on the Peninsula.
Lovely little place with vast variety of pastries,  wonderful craps, good coffee, and some healthy choices. It is my favorite place for breakfast or brunch in this area because I can sit outside indulging in sweet decadence. When I am in a healthy state of mind (or in deep guilt) I take their great fruit and yogurt cups. it is not only looking good while beautifully packed in a ceramic elegant cup, but it is also fresh and flavorful. Prices are surprisingly modest. The guys behind the counter are always extremely nice, and patient even if the line behind you is long and you ask many question or you decide to change your mind and your order a minute after they rang you at the cashier. I took one star away because the contraction near by disturb the  melody and make parking difficult.
I love this place, I really do. Douce France has great panini's, croissants, chai tea, cafe au lait, baguettes, and all the desserts one could ever want. I love the whole cafe atmosphere. Avoid lunch time hours at all costs, but it's great in the late morning/afternoon with wifi, newspapers, and even the occasional soccer game from Europe up on the screen.
I love this local little cafe/patisserie. I am such a FAN! I want to go back................................................ Okay back had a nice double espresso and feel a bit of a caffeine rush coming. Gotta go.
This place always seems popular and has good reviews, but I just don't get it. I love bakeries and have come here before - I had looked around for something eye-catching, but didn't find anything and left. So this time I looked around the baked croissants, panini sandwiches, and sweets again and strangely I still felt this way, even though I was really hungry. Nonetheless I wanted to give this place a real try so I forced myself to get something - an almond croissant for $1.75. It was just okay.  It was a tiny little thing, pretty standard, and had a nice sweet almond glaze, but both my friend and I weren't impressed. Bottom line: Nice place in Palo Alto Town & Country to meet up with someone but the goodies aren't eye-catching or that impressive. Overrated. You'll find me hanging out at Kara's cupcakes (or Sugar Butter Flour in Sunnyvale) instead. And maybe it's the immature 12-year old in me, but everything I see their name "Douce", it reminds me of those old Massengill commercials.
Just the real French deal
Was at the doctor's office around lunch time and walked by this place and thought I'd give it a try. Im glad I did! All the food in the display cases looked delious and amazing! I ordered a Turkey and Cheese Panni, which was very reasonably priced. It was served to me very quickly by a very friendly staff. Will go back when Im in the area for sure!
Recommended: Nonfat Cafe au Lait $1.50 (the best in city, comes with a little biscotti) PLUSES: Great study space, good parking Free Wifi Mini Crossiants  ($1) Friendly but not overbearing staff Lunettes: (A) Wow, yummy, creamy eggy custard danish like thing. Ham and Cheese Foccacia: (B)  Good size for a light snack, layered with juicy tomatoes, not too cheesy, good pesto sauce. Hours: 7 am - 7 pm (Mon-Sat) | 8 am - 4 pm (Sun)
This place is a good French bakery.  Many places outside of overseas would like to serve food like what is in the bakery here and other traditional bakery fare.  Conveniently located.  Pour ceux qui aiment la paix.
Just scarfed down the Chocolate Croissant from Douce France. HOLY MOLY! That was delicious.
I went back today to try their single shot mocha and their strawberry shortcake. It was good, not great. I was pleased that the slices of strawberries were fresh and not spoiled. I liked the lightness of the whipped cream and the spongecake was light and fluffy. I like how they make their mochas. I may just come back here for a dessert and mocha fix on the days I crave it!
I tried a savory crepe with ham, swiss cheese and tomatoes. It was OK for me; although it was a... Read more 
Went to Douce France today in the afternoon to use a groupon that I bought last year.  I knew it was expired so I asked the staff whether I could still use the cash value of what I paid for it ($5).  After a conversation that took several minutes, while the staff kept turning back to look at me (as if I were a vagrant), they said yes, I could use it.  I asked if I could use it only for what was in the glass cases (pastries, desserts, etc.).  The guy (not sure if he was the manager?) curtly said "anything!" with a rude sweep of his arm. Maybe I wasn't dressed in super fashionable Palo Alto boutique-store clothing, but I didn't think I needed to be treated so rudely.  If they weren't happy with me using the cash value of my expired groupon, they could have just said that. I bought a cheesecake and fruit tart -- didn't taste like anything special.  I value customer service, so likely not returning in the near future.
I've only been here a few times and eaten only a macaroon, so I can't say much about the taste.  I do remember thinking that it was delicious, though. However, I can definitely say the staff is super friendly!  When I asked what they recommended, they gave me a straight answer and said what was in it helpfully.  Also, they made me feel like I wasn't talking to a stranger.  Heh.  /is shy
I've been going to Douce France since I was a kid and I've always loved it. Great pastries and cakes.
When I first walked by Douce France, being Palo Alto & French cafe/bakery and all, I immediately expected mediocre service, mediocre food and not so good value.  Therefore, didn't really bother trying the place.  Until today, when we were pretty much starving after an extended appointment in Town & Country, we decided to give it a try. Bottomline:  Wow, definitely one of the best cafes for food in Palo Alto/Town & Country.  Would come back to just to have lunch at Douce France!  We are unexpectedly delighted. We ordered:  (1) Ham & Cheese crepe (La Parisian) (2) Misto Sandwich - Grilled chicken panini on ciabatta bread (3) Nutella Crepe (4) Iced tea - this came out to $30 for two people including tip. We liked: (1) Both the crepes were excellent!  The crepe is definitely the best I have had in this part of the Bay Area in a long time (My fav is still Ti Couz in the city) - the crepe was thin and not "doughy".  In fact, I think this is much better than Bistro Maxine.  We also liked that the Nutella crepes came as three mini crepes, which was great for sharing. (2) The panini was also great - the bread was toasted to perfection and the content was a good combination of various things without being too overwhelming (i.e., not so much stuff in it that it falls apart when you want to hold it).  It definitely reminded me of good paninis in Europe. (3) Services - I have very low expectations for services in PA establishments in general but Douce France was really delightful.  Our order taker/server was attentive, patient and generally thoughtful and pleasant.  She even offered to bring extra silverware without our asking when she gave us our crepes! What would make it a 5 star experience: Better seating - it was a bit cramped and crowded so it was hard to manage all the plates and drinks on one table (for two people).  The chairs were also pretty small so we ended up putting our baby car seat on the floor which was not pleasant (for the baby) :)
This french Italian cafe is perfect for a quick bite and some social time with friends. I usually come here after hiking in the OSPs behind Palo Alto. Yup, great sandwiches, great coffee. They also have tasty pastries and give you a small tarte with your food. The staff is very nice and sometimes you can even catch some french if you get there at the right time. Inexpensive and a great bite, what more could you want! Also, so close to Mido....[See edit below] If you haven't been to Douce France in the back of Town and Country, you should try it this weekend! [EDIT] We all cried that (insert season) day when Mido closed its doors in Town and Country. Sadly, with waves of nausea and regret, I shelp myself to Santa Row, the closest Mido store to me, to buy my overpriced but classy stationary so my friends and enemies can get their patterned notes. Why oh why, Mido, did you close your doors in T&C. Douce France is good as ever, go there often and enjoy! [/EDIT]
I would've never gone to this bakery if it wasn't for Groupon.  I had purchased a Groupon that got me $10 worth of pastries for $5 and I'm so glad I did!  I chose to purchase this deal because I happened to be going to Stanford Mall with my cousins the following week and thought to give it a try since it was in the area.  Based on my GPS I was suppose to go past the Town and Country Village where it's located.  That threw me for a bit of a loop but I was able to finally find it towards the back of the Village. The inside of the bakery was very cozy and not too small and yet not too big.  I was greeted by an employee with a European accent and it made it seem all the more real.  Yes, I'm one of those fools that feel it to be more real if the people working there look and sound like they're from the cuisine's origins. I purchased a chocolate dipped chocolate pastry, apple, almond, and raisin.  The first three I ate that day.  The raisin I left for another day.  The chocolate pastry was so delicious.  it had a nice buttery and flaky crust and I loved the fact that half of it was dipped in chocolate!  Once getting past the dipped portion you might feel a little sad but don't be because you'll be met with chocolate INSIDE of the pastry.  I gleefully continued eating the chocolate pastry taking in the wonderful sweetness of the chocolate.  The almond pastry was a bit small for me and it did not have the strong almond taste that I always like.  The apple pastry was a nice size and had a light and sweet apple compote inside.  I very much enjoyed that pastry as well. As for the raisin pastry?  Poor thing was left forgotten in the fridge for 3 days before decided to eat it.  As is my experience with pastries I expected it to be crusty and unfit to eat so I immediately nuked it for 30 seconds.  I have to say that the 3 day old pastry was still quite delicious!  Maybe if I hadn't heated it up it wouldn't have tasted so good but that's neither here nor there. The reason for the 4 stars is because I haven't tried their sandwiches, crepes, or desserts.  Until then my rating will remain at a 4.  I will definitely visit this bakery again if I'm ever in the neighborhood!
Douce France is a cute little faux-Parisian bistro located in Town and Country across from Stanford.  My quest for coffee and WiFi close to campus landed me here on this gorgeous Saturday afternoon.  Decor is minimalistic - a few retro French advertising prints hang on the walls and that is it.  Tables are small and round, just large enough for a laptop, drink, and pastry, but fortunately there are plenty both inside and out on the patio.  Laptop users convene up against one wall which features several power outlets. Two large glass displays show off delicious looking cakes, pastries, and quiches, but I opted for a savory turkey, swiss, tomato and basil crepe ($7) and a large iced latte ($3.15).  The crepe was delivered to my table within 4 minutes and I was impressed by its size and pleasant presentation.  The crepe made for a delicious and filling lunch, and the iced latte was tasty if not particularly noteworthy.  Service was attentive and friendly, atmosphere was quiet and relaxed with soft international-sounding music, and WiFi was free if a little slow (only 11mbps).  Recommended.
Seriously, I CANNOT believe that so many people have given this place good ratings. I am not a fan at all.   I have tried to be.  It NEVER works.  Why do I keep trying? The food here is: 1) Not good 2) Not that French The pastries are less than mediocre, as are their sandwiches.
Perhaps we were unlucky with our selection of sweets but the pastries we got were just too sweet. Couple them with our hot chocolate which was again too sweet and we got a sugar overload for our troubles. Given the positive reviews here, we definitely will come back to give this place a second sample. Brunch perhaps?
I yelped this place and was super excited to try the desserts here, but I was somewhat disappointed. First off, it was my first time going to this shopping center and on a Sunday afternoon it sure was crazy and packed. Then when I go inside bakery, the man behind the counter is a little weird. My friend didn't know what she was ordering so she said "the triangle custard thing with strawberries" and he looked at her very stern saying "you mean a tart." Then I asked him what kind of cake something was and he said it was a strawberry shortcake. Like my bad there's no labels, can't ask? Geez. We ordered two chai teas and he made a lame joke saying "don't fight over it because it's the same." like yea nice try after you made us feel dumb about what we were ordering. Plus there was no need to fight over it because they weren't even that good! They were warm and not hot - like it was a pretty chilly day and we sat outside it wouldv'e been nice if the teas were hot. Anywho my strawberry shortcake was ok. I liked the whip cream part. The cake itself was a little dry. The strawberries a bit tart. I only had a few bites and i didn't want to eat anymore. The tart was good. Best thing I tried there The eclair was ok. It's chocolate filled. But I don't know what crackin with the chocolate on top? It's very hard so it's like ur biting into hard Chocolate with a flaky like dough with chocolate creme- I don't know the consistency is off. I wouldn't come here again, especially since the parking lot is crazy and the servers aren't that friendly.
I went here for lunch today and it was so cute! I wanted to get every pastry! But, alas, I had to choose. My friend and I split the spinach salad and chicken panini (don't remember which one, but it was super yummy and a perfect size when split!) and we also got the heart-shaped-strawberry jam cookies. Let's just say, everything was so cute that I wanted to take pictures, but when I reached into my little purse, I realized I had left my camera at home :(. Next time. But let me tell you my FAVORITE part: Aside from the fact that you can sit outside in these cute little chairs in the SUN (and today was a beautiful sunny day), they ALSO bring the food out to you, AND they include a mini dessert tart with your lunch! It just comes with it! I had a double dessert and didn't even plan on it! P.S. Earl grey tea goes really well with the heart-shaped cookies ;)
Ham and cheese crossiant 2 stars.  Ham was very rought and tough to chew.  Plus: not greesy. I also ordered brocceli soup, 1 star. NO flavor at all. However the bread that came with it was good and made my soup a little more flavorful. If I ever go again it would be for the crepes, the savory crepes in particular.  They looked very taskty and I figure how could you go wrong? However, I will not be expecting the same as san francisco's.
I am so grateful for my co-worker treating me to lunch here after she and I spent the morning shlepping heavy boxes to our office's storage unit.  I absolutely loved it - reminded me of my trip to France in high school ten years ago.  Holy crap I'm getting old. I was relieved when we walked in, because I am currently reading Gesine Bullock-Prado's book "My Life From Scratch" which contains some of her pastry recipes and describes what her bakery is like, and I've been trying to find a similar place (even though her origins are from Germany and this is French, but let's overlook that) that not only specializes in pastries, but offers delicious hot food and beverages as well.  If you're in the same boat, head over to Douce France. Tucked away in the depths of Town & Country, this place screams French cafe, just take a look at the tables and pastry case.  I was originally going to order a sandwich, but at the last minute got a mushroom quiche that was perfect in size.  Light and savory, it filled me up just right...no wonder the French are in awesome shape.  Had a bite-sized fruit tart - I think it was key lime - that tasted delicious. Service was delightfully pleasant, and they bring your food to your table after they've made or warmed it up for you. Douce France is so great, I just wanna hug it.
A bit overpriced, but what isn't in Palo Alto Town and Country?  I really like the quaint look of the place, and all the pastries looked delicious.  I went in wanting something savory for brunch, but I came out of there with a cafe au lait, a chocolate croissant, and a cinnamon twist.  I just couldn't resist them.  I fully intended to save the cinnamon twist for later, but I ended up eating both pastries.  What a pig - oink, oink.  :P  They were marvelously fresh and paired well with the cafe au lait. I'd come back here when I'm in the mood for a lazy weekend morning breakfast/brunch.  If I were closer, I'd even consider this for a routine breakfast stop on my way to work.  Ah, it makes me nostalgic about my Paris trip from a couple of years ago!  :)
Oh, damn. Walked in here looking for baked goods after the Trader Joe's nearby left me disappointed. Nothing against TJ's - it's probably my fault anyway for eating nothing but Joe-Joe's during the week (month). My initial impression left me a bit underwhelmed. Again, probably my fault since I have pretty lofty expectations when it comes to dessert cases (and sadly, not much else). Their selection seemed a little sparse, while I was expecting a spread fit for a king or at the very least Rob Reiner. But I wanted to give it a chance, so I scanned and still wasn't compelled to try anything. Then, out of the corner of my eye, I saw a beautiful collection of reddish-brown hues peeking out of a croissant. It was bacon. I didn't care if a family of rats were taking residence inside the flaky, buttery layers - if they were rooming with bacon, I was on board. In my best I-just-saw-boobs-for-the-first-time-teenager voice, I ordered "the thing with bacon in it" along with a chocolate croissant and a cheese croissant. Then I scurried outside to eat them all in my car. It's not that the interior wasn't welcoming - it was. I just need a more private setting when I fellate my baked goods. Everything was incredible. I'm really pretty rigid when it comes to what makes a good croissant. Not in a "I've been to Paris so I think I would know" way just a "I have electric chemistry with butter" way. For me, they need to be flaky, dense and slightly doughy on the inside. The croissants at Douce France definitely fulfill these requirements. And yeah, I ate three croissants in one sitting. But that's so not the point.
Cute setting, plenty if parking although crowded at timess located between the CVS and Trader Joe's area in the back. I ordered half a dozen croissants and turnovers - they were crispy and light, good custard filling that was light and not too sweet. I let the ladies behind me order first since I couldn't make up my mind from the two large pastry cases...they ordered in french. They weren't the only ones speaking in european languages at this cafe. Anyway, it's a nice quaint place to sunbath, people-watch in the outdoor patio area. Saw people with laptops sipping on coffee. I'd come here on a weekend if I lived closer. It's worth a visit if you're nearby.
Crowded during lunch on a Saturday.  Tried the chocolate croissant, which was coated with copious amounts of melted goodness, but the dough itself was overly crispy on the outside and the inside was buttery but without much texture.  Perhaps better in the morning?
The desserts here are a good deal.  My favorite is the strawberry shortcake - there are sliced almonds on it, which adds that extra touch that most other bakeries don't have.  However, the strawberry shortcake looks bigger than it actually is, because there is a LOT of whipped cream/frosting on it.  Still delicious though, just slightly deceptive. The sandwiches and crepes are only OK - kind of overpriced, considering the lack of "wow" factor.  The sandwich didn't have very much meat, and the crepe (savory chicken) was kind of dry and bland.  I wouldn't come here for a meal, only for dessert.
Their Parisian sandwiches are good! Fresh bread, good price. The triple chocolate mousse layered cake was yum. The chocolate opera cake was yum. They're located near Scott's Seafood, plenty of shared parking with other stores in the complex.
Both double doors in all-glass storefront are propped open, so Douce France has a wonderful outdoors plaza atmosphere, with matching utilitarian furniture/decor -- plastic weave wicker chairs?  There are no cozy indoor frills about it, but it's a great place to visit on a sunny weekend.  The true charm of Douce France is that everything is authentically European, from the glass bottles of Perrier to the petite portions. If you don't mind the thoroughfare and the feeling of working outdoors, this is a nice place to do a bit of work.  The turnover's pretty high, so you'll quickly find a seat.  And although the tables are small, there's fast free wifi & a few power outlets, even outside in the strip mall corridor.  Look up near the ceiling for them. ++ | Espresso drinks | Rich Lavazza espresso, yum!  I handle my caffeine very well, but this coffee is so strong that a 1-shot is almost a must. ++ | Pastries | Small, crispy croissants, pain au chocolat, sugared brioche, etc.  Ask for a side of butter & their homemade jam for the perfect morning start. ++ | Fruit Tarts | Your choice of fresh fruit sit atop a rich whipped filling that is fresh, fluffy, and light.  There are bite size tarts too... in case you're afraid of over-indulging in this refreshing treat. Revel in our Californian weather: Coffee + Pastry = $7
2-stars simply because my mocha was just ok, and so was my cinnamon stick.  I think I better return the next time I'm in town and try a pastry.  Afterall, my mouth was watering for the strawberry shortcake and the tarts were awfully pretty. The tables outside are a nice touch! Until then ...
You know this little plaza looks like it could be full of hidden gems. So I parked here the other day and wandered into this place. I didn't find a gem. It was so so I guess. I got the grilled ham and cheese ciabatta which was a special I guess. It was good, but I wouldn't call it special. mean I would rather go to cafe borrone if I was going to have this. It was simple first off and it didn't have that much flavor. I will be honest, the best part of the meal was the little tart at the end that was a prepacked muffin. Oh well will search for more gems. Don't get me wrong, wasn't bad but I have had better deals for 6 bucks.
I was here solely for a place to hang out for a while with my laptop and do some work. There are plentiful power outlets, free Wifi, and a good amount of tables. I got my usual Soy Latte which was great, better than the usual Starbucks / Peet's. There was also a variety of delightful teas.  I managed to resist the tempting Napoleons, Macarons, and other French pastries - but one day I will be back for those. :) All in all, this is a great place to hang out or get some work done. And the service is pretty good too, no snark - which seems to be in large supply in most small coffee shops around here.
Cute cafe with plenty of seating but not enough items! They sell out very quick so by 4 pm they do not have much variety left! I came here because I had a groupon- we bought one chai tea latte, hot chocolate, and a raspberry creme dessert ( all for around $15).The chai latte was out of this world!!!!!!!! I have never tried anything so delicious! I wish I could say the same for the rest...hot chocolate was way too chocolaty and the raspberry dessert was something you can get a grocery store. Can't stress how good that chai latte was! I'd go back for just that!
I was really craving a quiche, and when I searched on Yelp, this was the first place that turned up. I figured it was close enough to my office, so I grabbed a coworker and drove on down. I was slightly disappointed in the fact that the quiche was pre-made and sitting in the display case next to some croissants and the like. Luckily, when they reheated it for me, they did not do so in the microwave, so the crust was still nice and flaky/crispy/etc. I chose the Spinach quiche, though I wish they had some combination quiches. I would have liked something with a bit more to it than just spinach & egg. Perhaps I should have gone for the onion and cheese one. Their options were: Bacon Spinach Onion & Cheese Mushroom They have a number of other food options to choose from. Their sandwiches looked fantastic. The service was very friendly. I can't recommend the mocha, though. Maybe it's just that my taste buds have changed since the last time I had one, but it just wasn't all that good.
So far i've only had the chocolate croissant, but it was amazing.  The chocolate was top quality and the croissant was crispy buttery goodness personified.  The environment was nice.  The shopping mall in which it is located is nice enough, but this place added a pleasant sidewalk cafe atmosphere that was better than the rest.  As General Pattan said, "I will return", as soon as i've burned off enough calories.
This is a nice little french bakery / cafe. I ordered a chicken panini which was kind of disappointing. The french bread was great, but the chicken was pretty dry and the sandwich was otherwise uninspired. But many other things made up for it. My boyfriend ordered a crepe with goat cheese which was very tasty. Both of our entrees came with bite-sized pastries which were a great touch and quite delicious. They inspired us to go back for seconds. I got a chocolate-dipped chocolate cookie, and my boyfriend ordered a plain butter croissant. He said - and I must agree - that it was the best croissant he had had outside of France. FYI, since we had a bit of trouble finding it in the plaza; Douce France is toward the back near the train tracks.
I have been going to Douce France for many many years. They have a good selection of French pastries and cakes. What I love about the food here is that it is not overly sweet. You can definitely taste the fresh and quality ingredient they use.  I have very fond childhood memories of their chocolate croissant. From their fresh fruit tart to their opera cake our family celebrations are sure to have something delicious from Douce France!
Go there on weekends and I truly feel as though I am in Europe again.  Most people may not know of it because it is in the Palo Alto Town and Country, but because it is off the beaten path, makes for a quiet place to drink coffee, eat pastries, and read the paper. Sad that Starbucks bought  the Torrefzaione line of coffee and then immediately closed it as Douce France was the only place around that you could order it.  Coffee that they serve now isn't as good.
Was a little hard to find: situated in the back of the little shopping village at the corner of Embarcadero and El Camino. Decent (but not great) crepes. Sweet ($4.50) and savory selection. Dough (of the sweet crepe) a little bland, but not too bad. A little crispy for my taste. I ordered sugar & cinnamon, but got lemon. Went to return it and got a fresh one within minutes, no problem. Outdoor & indoor seating available, street cafe/bakery style.
This place is awesome. It's a nice little French cafe that will make you feel you're in europe. Almost every week I stop by here before going home from work. Pastries are mostly good. Crepes ahhh just good. And the croissant?!! So buttery and good. Prices are cheap too... I mean I'd rather spend my bucks here than Going to peets  coffee nearby douce France. You get a high quality food and good coffee... I was just here earlier. Today I had the La Tatin crepe (apples, cinnamon, honey) and I pair it with a very well presented cappuccino... It really made me smile... People who works here are super friendly and fast. I love the tables with some French words on it. Small round tables like in Europe cafes. Really for the reasonable price? It isn't bad at all! Douce France you will always be in my list.
I know a place is good when I crave their food long after I've been there. Their breakfast croissant, so simple, yet delicious. It's just a croissant w/ scrambled eggs. But the croissant was so light, flaky, buttery, yet with substance and a little chewy... Oooh, my mouth is watering now just writing this! My aunt had the croque monsieur, and that looked delicious too. She was raving on and on about how good it was. I'm gonna try that next time I go there. Coffeee was magnificent too, rich, smooth, flavorful. I can tell I'm going to become a regular there... so many different things to try, so excited! *squeal*
Workers are very friendly.  I just got a lot of desert for my mother's birthday and I literally stalled for like 10 minutes trying to decide which ones to get and the worker waited for me patiently. I asked them to write a message on a cookie, but they came out with something different.  They wrote it on a flat chocolate which looked a lot better.  Thanks guys!
Magic Cookies! Where can you go to find magically delicious gourmet cookies without spending a gregarious amount???  Who knew that such a place exist in Palo Alto!  My department wanted to do something delicious for the staff - and Douce France was it!  Perfect heart shaped cookies with raspberry jam centers topped with powdered sugar...just in time for Valentine's!  We were doing a bulk order - so plus for cutting price per cookie for us!
Wow, the chocolate croissant was amazing! One of the best croissants I've had.  It was soft, flakey, awesome, and warm.  The melted chocolate on it was great too.  I'd definitely come back for it again.  I also got the turkey parisian sandwich, toasted.  It was delish :) their macarons are also the best I've had in the area so far--not overly sweet like I keep finding... they are legit.
In search of a brunch location on a Sunday morning, bf an I stumbled upon Douce France on Yelp. I really wanted to fall in love with this place.  I wanted this to be THE brunch spot for us going forward.  However, I felt disappointed. Price: First of all, prices are super high.  We got baguette sandwiches and it was about $8 per sandwich.  All that was in there was ham and cheese!  They were good, but definitely not worth the price.  We also got a sweet crepe to share.  After 2 sandwiches, a crepe, and a cup of latte, the bill was upwards of $40+.  it seems a bit ridiculous. Service: I would be okay with the price if it meant excellent service.  Unfortunately, this is one of those order your food in a line and seat yourself type of place.  As far as service goes, the only thing they did was bring the food to our table.  The line to order food was super long.  They take orders, put stuff in oven, then ring the customer up.  It would have been more efficient if they had a separate line for those ordering to go in bulk.  Lots of people were ordering dozens of baked goods.  Things would have been faster if there was a separate line for that. I'm not sure that I would come back here.  I love all things French but I am also a realist.  With lots of creperies in the area as competition, I can get so much more for my money elsewhere.
Tasty, but not phenomenal. It gets busy here during the weekday lunch hour, but it's not impossible to get a table.  The panini are pretty tasty, as are a lot of their baked goods/pastries.  I would avoid the savory crepes, as they're quite bland.  The soups are alright...I think they lack a little bit of flavor. I'd say that this is a great place to grab a bite while shopping or come on a weekend for pastries and coffee, but not somewhere to go out of your way for.
Love this place...don't go here near enough.  I mean, can you really complain about a place that serves a free mini fruit tart with each sandwich?  That's a cool little surprise. The paninis are great.  I usually get the ham/swiss.  It's served hot and the bread has that perfect "crunchy outside, chewy inside" texture.  The tarts and other desert options are wonderful as well.  And they have Orangina...which tops it all off for me. DANG IT why don't I go here more often?  I need to throw them into the mix of lunch options at work. Anyway...it's a charming little cafe.  And I really don't think it can be duplicated.  It's a slice of Europe in our backyard.
I tried the macarons  (see photo).  I tried the chocolate, coffee, and pistachio: - coffee: flavor was good, not too sweet, but the cookie part was hard and crunchy, causing the filling to squirt out the sides.  Not recommended. - chocolate: the flavor tasted stale, so I can't recommend it.  On this one, the cookie texture was better: lighter and crispy: however, it was lacking the residual undertone of chewiness that one would expect in a macaron. - pistachio: great flavor, and very good cookie: just crispy enough to distinguish itself from the filling, but not so hard that it dominates the texture.  It lacked the subtle undertone of chewiness, but still good. I didn't ask how long the macarons may have been "aged" while sitting in the display case. Sometime macarons get better with a few days of age.  YMMV. The gold standard for macarons is still Ginger Elizabeth in Sacramento. Also of note: the bear claw is perhaps the worst bear claw I've ever had: hard, dense, flavorless, with low quality filling: they aren't even trying.
The croissant was good but didn't wow me. Ditto on the coffee. The one big plus is that it's one of the few cafes in Palo Alto that isn't overrun with laptop and power cord toting techies. This place seems like a nice respite from the sameness of most Palo Alto cafes. I would consider bumping this place up a star once I see what the post-construction ambiance is like.
I was in Los Altos and needed to make my way to Palo Alto as I have something to do at Stanford this evening.  I have not eaten since breakfast and it is now dinner time.  I whipped out my handy dandy Yelp and searched Palo Alto for food. What am I in the mood for?  Yummy, yummy crepes.  So it was between Bistro Maxine, which I have been to before and really like, or Douce France, which is closer to Stanford.  Since I have never been to Douce France and it is closer to where I need to be I thought I would give them a try. Well the creperie does not make crepes after 5PM.  They send the crepe maker home right before dinner time and they are open until 7PM.  Yep that makes a lot of sense.  I can get a baguette I was told.  Yeah, no thanks. I settled on a Croque Madame and I am waiting for it now... ...So the Croque Madame was not a Croque Madam at all.  The bread was too sweet and cut really think.  Each slice was thicker than an inch so you couldn't possibly cut it with a knife as you normally would.  But I had to remove the egg and eat it with my hands.  The ham was really thick and super salty.  It was way too salty.  The cheese was not the usual cheese for a Croque Madame.  It was a good sandwich, aside from the salt, but it was not a Croque Madam. The place has nice ambiance and the staff was nice but I wouldn't go back.
This is probably one of my favorite bakeries in the Bay Area. Definitely for the francophile, they have melt-in-your-mouth, flaky pan au chocolat, and their napoleon is to-die-for. I had their quiche once and wasn't too impressed, but again, their desserts more than make up for it. I willingly drove across the bridge to Douce France to get a napoleon cake for my husband's birthday, they are so good.
Ok.  Seriously. I think I'm slightly in love. Douce France is adorable and practical - it has excellent crepes, pastries and desserts, free Wireless and plenty of outlets so you can plug in, plenty of seating and lighting, there is also a restroom for customer use (Hey - this is useful information, esp if you plan on spending a lot of time in one place!); the people who work here really are French and, on a fine Sunday afternoon when I visited, several French and European customers were eating and relaxing here.  In fact, I sat next to an absolutely adorable little French boy eating desserts with his grandparents.  So. Freakin' Cute. Although there is limited savory and sweet crepe selection, I thought the vegetable crepe (La Jardinere) I had was excellent.  It's not Ti Couz but, it's a close second for me.  Douce France also serves salads, paninis and sandwiches (again, limited selection but, I am sure what little they have is excellent).  I had a couple teeny-tiny pastries (I couldn't bring myself to get anything larger, was feeling guilty for pigging out the night before), both were yummmmmy And I love the fact that it's sort of "hidden" towards the back of the Palo Alto Town & Country center (behind Long's Drugs Store) - that means I can actually find a place to sit and a free power outlet to use. Loving this place.  I'm definitely going to be back.
When I visited for the first time, it was rainy cats and dogs, and to my amazement, the place was packed! I had a ham and cheese on a baguette with a soy latte... Oh, so good!  I couldn't help but get a head start on a nibble of all the croissants, I had bought for take-home. The only disappointing thing was that I did not get the free small treat with my sandwich, as so many Yelpers have fussed about. I was too hungry to say anything and the yummy chocolate croissant (still warm, with dripping chocolate) made up for it!
On a nice, sunny day I love eating outside while people watching here. Mmmmm.......I bought a full size fruit tart for a family dinner and it was so yummy!!  I always love ordering the ham and cheese baguette even though there's not much in it.  I'm such a sucker for the little fruit tart they give depending on which meal you order.  I can never stop staring at the pastries without drooling in secret!  Service is definitely quick and friendly. Unfortunately, it can be pricey and  in general, if you're at town and country at lunch time you're stuck with the annoying high schoolers.
Yummy! I wanted one of everything but only got a breakfast sandwich (egg, ham on a baguette), ham quiche, 2 Benoits, and americano. Too bad we live so far.
I got the ham and cheese sandwich and a mocha. By the look of it (and the fact that we are still in the United States) I thought the bread would be hard and practically inedible--au contraire. It was quite perfect. The contents were well-balanced, and really I cannot complain. The mocha wasn't perfect (mild espresso, mild chocolate), but it had a great presentation. Prepare to be just a bit confused about how and where to order, and who to order from, at first, but I'm sure once you've been back a few times it will feel natural. The macaron was a nice addition to the plate, and though a bit spongier than is necessary, it ended the meal quite nicely. Four stars for ambience, food, and service. The other pastries looked excellent (as did the crepe menu), but that is for another time.
Best Cappacino on the Peninsula. Bar None. I'm picky about my coffee the way Scalia is picky about the Constitution. Expressos should have a rich taste, with a generous crema, little or no grind/grit, and a warm but not piping hot nor tepid temperature. If you're going to add milk to it, it should be whole milk, frothed and then tapped to condense to a rich, creamy texture. Put them together properly and you get a fabulous cappacino. Screw it up and you get a cafe au lait with too little milk, or something bitter, or something just down right putrid. But hell, for $2.50 or $3.00 the coffee should be good! I've had my coffee at Douce France for about 7 years. Yes, you read that right. S-E-V-E-N Y-E-A-R-S. For what I have spent on coffee over the years I probably could have eaten a meal at Gary Denkos, had a flight to Hawaii with some lucky companion (lucky to fly to Hawaii, not to suffer my companionship), or put back a bottle of Screaming Eagle. But I'm quite sure it would all be disapointing compared to the espresso and cappacino at douce france. Why? Because, as I've noted over the years as staff have come and gone, Victor (the owner) spends a good deal of time training everyone on how to actually make a proper espresso drink. In fact, Victor's care is evident throughout the business. The pastries and cakes are set forth beautifully, crepes (which are fantastic) are delivered to you promptly (who wants a cold crepe?) with a fork and knife neatly wrapped in a paper napkin, the music is always at the right volume. His attention to detail is what you would expect at a fine restaurant. But you can get it at 7am for $2.50. Now that's a screaming bargain. It's worth mentioning that many of his staff are there for years, and so there's a continuity to the operation and sense of community to the place that is absent from the other coffee shops in the area. If you want a great morning experience and prefer to support your local, unique shops, you owe to yourself to give the place a try. And: Order a croissant, warmed with jam. It's delicious. Or the cheese crepe, or the bannana and nutella crepe.
Straight off, know this when you see my rating: Hair in my crossaint. How nasty is that? Maybe they're trying to show it's actually handmade? I stared at the hair and said, "Okay, I'm not eating another bite!" Their buffarello mozzerella salads are good (and hairless) but it does seem a little pricey ($7) when compared to the regular salads ($5). The paninis are not very filling, though. Here's a tip: as if you can switch your tart (what is that one that looks like a brain??) with one of the mini chocolate squares to the left of the register. Now, those are goooood.
I just ate a panini with prosciutto and mozzarella at Douce France.  Upon first inspection of the panini I had high hopes. After the first bite I thought to myself, "I'm coming back here again." However, after about 2 more bites I quickly decided there was no way that I would come back and pay $9.00 for a panini, that has only one very thin slice of prosciutto, and one very small slice of mozzarella with a small stack of greens again! The food may taste good but there is no way that you will be satisfied and full after eating here. My three star rating is a combination of the food and price. In other words this place isn't worth the money. For $9.00 I could head across the way to Trader Joes and buy myself the ingredients for this panini and be way more satisfied. Not to mention I would have left overs. Too bad I really was hoping this could be a repeatable joint.
Honey knows that I like to take my time getting up in the morning. Yes, at times, he makes me breakfast, but this time...What does he do? Surprises me with takeout breakfast from Douce France and picks me up a coffee even though he doesn't really drink it. That's wonderful! The tomato and ham sandwich with eggs over easy on top accompanied with salad. Absolutely divine! There's more...he surprises me with French macaroons since I have been talking about it.  I am grateful and it is absolutely yummy. I need to come and visit this place! :)
This is a regular hang out for me for lunch. I come here for panini or crepes.  My personal favorite is the Parisian because it isn't trying to be a sandwich crepe (put anything you would put in a sandwich and make it a crepe -- it is a personal peeve as crepes are thin and the bread to filling ratio is different). It is your basic crepe and served with a salad -- quite civilized.   I wouldn't rate the crepes as fabulous as Ti Cous in SF but they are pretty good.  The lattes, cappuccinos, and espresso drinks are good but the drip coffee is to be avoided (go to Peets just down the way). I have tried nearly all the sandwiches and have not been disappointed.  It can be a bit a zoo now that the remodeling is completed.  Town and Country seems to have become more of a destination. Enjoy the relaxed atmosphere and some time with a friend.  You will find the football (soccer) games on for big matches. Enjoy! sidebar: I haven't tried many of the pastries so I feel it's not fair to judge.
Baguette sandwiches - reminded me of the sandwiches in france. Fresh french bread with a micro thin slice of ham and micro, we're talking transparent piece of cheese. Oh - I'm not complaining. That's how I like it!  What I didn't care for was the Fresco (sp?) sandwich on baguette bread. I was expecting more mozarella and greens...basically something more substantial when I all ended fealing like I ate was grilled bread with salad smeared on it. I liked the bite size little tart that came with it so next time, I'll check out the sweet stuff and maybe a cafe au lait... Also - when someone asks you if the cheese is pasteurized, the answer should never be "it might be", cuz if the person asking is pregnant, she's not likely a gambling woman and she wants a yes or now answer.
This really is one of the best cafe's I have ever been to in the US.  It's really a place that makes you feel both at home and in Europe at the same time. Great coffee, pastries, food and they even have some great gourmet beers. Not to be missed.
Hidden gem in the Palo Alto Town Center. Great for lunch. From buttery croissants to tasty panini to delicate crepes, be sure to save room for desserts like the French macaroons.
I had forgotten about Douce France for awhile, okay years. Then I started walking the Dish with a friend on a weekday morning early. By the time my friend and I have solved the problems of the week, I am ready for good coffee, and perhaps a nice brioche, and may as well sit down and read the paper or at least an on-line NYT version. The service is always kind especially since I am not at my sartorial best, post Dish. The coffee is always strong enough and of course, the brioche reminds me why I want to be transported to France for an edible moment or two.
Douce France has fabulous pastries and coffee, but this review's not about the food. It's about a certain poster on the wall, which stands out from the menagerie of nostalgic graphics: http://www.barewalls.com... It's kind of striking that in this pocket of privilege and political correctness we call Palo Alto, the owners and customers seem oblivious to the controversy surrounding the image. In France, where 'bon negre joyeux' depictions are often tolerated, the polemic was so loud it led the company that owns the brand to eliminate the slogan. The poster is also the subject of a famous verse by Leopold Sedar Senghor about Senegalese tiralleurs, which reads "je dechirerai les rires banania sur tous les murs de France". Maybe it's time to redecorate.
A very big fan of their pastries and sandwiches. They're delicious! It also has a very nice French Cafe ambiance.
I have a love for French pastries, bakeries, and cafe shops, and I absolutely loved this one...thanks to Yelp!  It might have been the simple light lunch of a Croque Monsieur of ham and cheese with mayonnaise and dijon and a side salad, or the petite bottle of Orangina, or simply lounging outside undisturbed in one of the tables for two hours catching up with a good friend!  I was hesitant to order the Croque Monsieur since I don't like dijon, but was glad that the taste was really subtle. The place was packed during lunch hours, but we had no trouble finding an open table.  Service was minimal as you order at the counter, although they do bring the food directly to your table.  And they were all really friendly and would cleared our table as we still sat there and chit chatted away. I didn't get to try any of the pastries, but I would definitely return and check out the heart-shaped jam cookie tart that I spotted in the glassed display.
Been here 3 times, all @ different hours in the morning/early afternoon for breakfast with friends and families. Their pastries are fresh and very tasty, coffee are freshly made to order and very strong. Sandwich are great picks for lunch or if you are not in the mood for crepe or any display pastries. Small cute local cafe place where you can enjoy your meal without being rushed out. Ordered the food 1st and find a place to sit. Took away 1 start for not listing prices for pastries (sandwiches, salad, crepes are all listed), sometimes it's hard to find a place to sit outside when the weather is nice but would most def. come back here again with friends!
Super breakfast served in a nice atmosphere location
So this morning I did something I should have done a while ago: I ordered a plain butter croissant. Previously I mentioned that the coffee drinks are a little uneven, and I stand by that. However, this morning my butter croissant was very very good. Good enough to warrant a 4th star. Also, I went with some herbal tea, which they served to me in a nice little teapot with a dish.
I like Douce France because it has solid wifi, decent prices (you can get espresso drinks here for... Read more 
You know you've found a great European-style cafe when you hear a different euro language spoken at each table. If the expats like it, it must be good! The soups and sandwiches are fantastic - quick, delicious, and perfectly-portioned. La Douce France also makes their own pastries, and the Nutella sandwiches in particular (homemade croissants with a Nutella overlay) are a wonder. The prices are reasonable and the staff is friendly and fast. Several of the same guys have been working there for years - with turnover so low I suspect that management is pretty good to their employees. A couple of the guys even remember when I was briefly in a wheelchair following an injury, and still ask how I'm doing (even though I'm up and mobile a year later). Nice people, good simple food. What more could you ask for?
Excellent cafe featuring a great location, friendly service, relaxed atmosphere and a fresh and tasty menu.  All of this at a fair price.  Douce France cannot be beat!  Highly recommended.
THEIR DESSERTS ARE JUST AVERAGE. NOTHING SPECIAL. AND THE TASTE IS NOT FRENCH AT ALL My husband and I love good food and pastries. We read some nice reviews about Douce France and decided to drive to Polo Alto and try out their desserts. What a disappointment!! The cakes were so dry in the chocoate cake and chocolate moose. The friut tart was just so so. The crust wasn't even very crispy. We don't think their stuff is fresh. I am sorry to say this place is not very French at all...
Excellent pastries, but the high ceilinged sound level doesn't add to the ascetic experience. The Opera cake was devine! Luscious.
I first came here because I had a Groupon, but unlike some other Groupon places, I keep coming back here. The pain au chocolat here is amazing.  Probably the best I've ever had, and certainly the best that I've found in the Bay Area. Fruit tarts, mille-feuille, etc. are also good.  But mostly I come here for the pain au chocolat.
Apparently, they got rid of the unfriendly cashier, and now I'm a fan.  Their paninis are delicious!
This little cafe tucked in the back of T& C is a really cute place to grab coffee and a snack.  I... Read more 
So I would just like to state for the record that they have some of the best tasting croissants ever! I went to Paris in the summer and I was so happy that I would have Douce France to go to when I returned home. It is a taste of France for sure ! The drinks are always kinda hit or miss but they specialize in baking, yum.
It was two of us. We ordered the following: 1) ham and cheese sandwich, 2) ham and cheese croissant, 3) miso panini, 4) Orangina, and 5) four assorted desserts for a group of friends after. Total cost: $40.00+. Plenty of seating. Now to the food. Ham and cheese: god texture, great taste.  Not the best one I've had, but good nonetheless.  Came with a small dessert. Ham and cheese croissant: great flavor, fluffy, not greasy, and great tasting cheese.  Must have! Miso panini: the chicken was moist and the flavors with the light olive oil, tomato, and other ingredients make it a definite panini to buy. Came with a small dessert. Orangina: it's a bottled drink.  Nothing to say. Assorted desserts:  too many to list, but all were great.  Definitely buy the opera cake! Though it is slightly expensive to indulge here, we are definitely coming back.  Too many things left to taste.
I am so happy to find this place. The macaroons are the best I had since Paris. The cookie crunch and cream is the closest I will get to the macaroons in Paris. Also order the ham cheese crepe .... banana nutella crepe...and cafe latte. All very yummy.
Great people. Very helpful and nice; The first cake I got from here was for my birthday and it was a strawberry cake which was YUMMY.. so i decided to go back there for my husband's birthday cake. To my disappointment, I was let down. The person behind the counter suggested a chocolate sponge cake that was supposedly "very good." When i got home, the bread was too dense and NOT moist at all causing the chocolate filling to be too sweet and overpowering. Very disappointing.
Great food and very good coffee
Had a groupon. It was pretty good. Had the chicken panini, which was ok. The bread was the best part. Croissant was ok, not flaky enough for me, but solid. Chocolate choissant was the highlight, the chocolate was tasty. Serve was quick.
I've only been here once, but it's quite delightful. If I end up going back a few more times and have the same experience, this will become a 5-star review. I got the vegetarian focaccia, which was delicious, filling, and quite reasonably priced. They have free wireless that doesn't seem to cut you off at any point. The staff graciously kept refilling my water each time I asked. I ended up studying there for several hours and bought a couple extra items that I wouldn't have, simply out of gratitude for the ambiance, the service, and the deliciousness of their faire.
Good!
Wonderful service, yummy crepes, great coffee and pastries, and a comfortable place to relax, socialize, or read.  I recommend a latte, a ham-and-cheese-croissant, and a good book (BYOB).
I been sick for a few days and been thinking what will I want to eat when I was feeling better. Looking on Yelp I came across Douce France. The pictures looked good and I thought why not check it out. So I did and came for lunch. I end up getting a Parisian Turkey sammie, side salad, and a double shot of Soy Latte. Overall the food was okay. I had better. I regret getting the double shot soy latte cuz the whole day I was on the jitters. After lunch I was craving for something sweet and saw the French Macaroons. I got Vanilla and Pistachio. They were okay and more on the sweeter side. Overall lunch was okay but a great place to people watch and the service is fast.
Julia and I ate here during halftime of a Stanford vs. Oregon football game.  Nice place.  Tasty.  Inexpensive.  Better than watching Stanford lose to Oregon.
came here on a groupon.... their chai latte was the best ever.  We also ordered a chocolate crossiant (very good), cream puff, and some macaroons (these were okay). It was really packed both times I came (sat at 1pm, sun at 3pm), and I didn't even think about looking for a spot to sit.
Good, but not great. I had the latte and a pastry. It's basically like every other bakery in PA.
I've been going here for so long I can't remember when I started. The short review is: The that their lunch and breakfast is terrific, their pastries are dreamy, and their coffee is outstanding. Their sandwich-like food is always good, but their crepe's are as close to perfect as you can get. Pastries..oh my gosh, they melt in your mouth. Their chef also did our wedding cake.  It was beautiful and delicious, exactly like we wanted! The service is always fast and helpful.  They are a bit pricey, but that's unavoidable given their location...very high rent shopping center. Honestly, I've been there a hundred times.  I couldn't rate them below 5 stars for any one of the times I've been there.  The quality has never disappointed.
OMG! Have been driving well out of my way to get here!
I have been a regular at Douce France for many years.  Wonderful pastries, cakes, and I very much enjoy their mochas.  Nice atmosphere with authentic Parisian tables, chairs and decor make the cafe quite inviting.  If you're at Town & Country Village, you should certainly stop by.
Great croissants!
Good food, friendly efficient service, good prices.
I used to frequent this place when I lived in Palo Alto. One of my favorite things to order is their focaccia panini with ham. They put pesto on it, so I'm definitely a fan. Their crepes are good, their paninis are good, and they have quite good pastries. My favorite pastries here are the tarte tatin, pain au chocolat, and fruit tart. Also, they have a charming outdoor seating area. The staff and owners (I think they're the owners?) are always very friendly. Enjoy!
I love Douce France. They serve wonderful, inexpensive sandwiches-- the epitome of "cheap and cheerful". My favorite is the mozzarella, basil and tomato panini. (Strangely, it's been "today's special" since I first visited three years ago). Wait-- that's an Italian sandwich, isn't it? Nonetheless, it's a charming place to have a bite, drink a coffee and hang out for a little while. Douce France has counter service, so you won't ever feel like they're trying to turn tables. The best part: they add a bite-sized dessert to every sandwich plate-- what a thoughtful touch!
Went back and tried the fromagerie crepe (mozzarella, swiss, and goat cheese, I believe). I'm a cheese fanatic, and the crepe definitely satisfied my cheese cravings, at least for a few hours. :) I'm not going above 3 stars for now though because the macarons were disappointing, and my friend's strawberry shortcake was meh (probably better if you like them very light in taste and texture).
This review is for the macarons only. I fell in love with macarons when I spent a few months in... Read more 
One day I decided to do a croissant test. Douce France vs. Prolific Oven vs. La Baguette French Bakery. Douce France is the winner. Really buttery, very flakey, excellent melt in your mouth experience. Oh, the coffee is very nice as well!
Came here on a groupon. Had a ham quiche and a chocolate croissant. The croissant was so-so (but my friend got a much tastier chocolate croissant for some reason, guess I just had bad luck. Apparently there is a huge variability in how they come out), but the quiche was good and filling. A little on the expensive side for what it is, but not unreasonable for Palo Alto standards. I think we'll be coming back here again without the groupon some time. They were getting pretty busy when we left (about 3pm on a Sunday).
Because I went to Palo Alto high school across the street I went to Douce at least three-four days a week during the school year. I have to say their Chai Lattes are AMAZING and their Banana and Nutella Crepes are AMAZING too.
I recently had to purchase 20-22 pastries for work for a week. This was an excellent opportunity to give the bakeries near Palo Alto a try and compare. * Palo Alto Baking Company * 20 pieces for $34. Pastries were enjoyed, there were a couple left over, no rave reviews, but no disappointments either. Pastries, cakes, and breads are mostly baked daily on site; some are brought in, and some cakes may be in the case for a few days. Portions are fairly large, but flavors are mild. They have a random mix of international desserts, French pastries and Jewish Challah breads. It's a good deal for the price, which was the least expensive of the four local bakeries we tried, and it is a nice step up from the local super market bakery or coffee house chain. http://www.paloaltobakin... * Douce France *  22 pieces for $43. Their traditional French pastries look just like the bakery website photos! They were really enjoyed by co-workers, got all positive comments, and they were quickly devoured with none left over. Co-workers definitely look forward to having them again! All pastries and breads are baked daily at both the Palo Alto Cafe and at the Redwood City Bakery. Some items are transported daily from Redwood City to Palo Alto. Portions are slightly smaller, but ingredients are high quality and bursting with flavor: fresh fruits & berries, almond, cream, cinnamon, chocolate, etc.  The Palo Alto location is perfect for breakfast, lunch, brunch, and dessert, with a kitchen in the back to prepare food to order. It's a great place to hang out and people watch or read, and it's common to hear 5+ languages being spoken all at once while sitting in the cafe, as it is very popular with the local European community! Their website doesn't mention anything about the Palo Alto location in Town and Country Shopping Center, and the Palo Alto location doesn't have a website. So this is a popular place by word of mouth, which speaks to the quality of their food and atmosphere. http://www.doucefranceba... * Ester's German Bakery * 20 pieces for $54. Pastries were well received with lots of positive comments from co-workers, and there were none left over! Co-workers definitely look forward to having them again, and it's a nice change from traditional French pastries! The portions are large, and flavors are fairly mild with use of cream, vanilla custard/pudding, fresh apple, cherry, cinnamon, almond, hazelnut, and/or poppy seeds as flavorings or fillings. All ingredients are high quality with use of organic flours, etc. All pastries, pretzels and breads are baked daily in their Mountain View bakery, then brought over to their Los Altos location which serves breakfast, lunch and dinner. This locations feels like Grandma's kitchen inside: small, quaint, German knick-knacks everywhere, not the type of place I like hanging out in, but fine for a quick meal of German food. They also have a lunch/dinner location at San Antonio Shopping Center in Mountain View, and they make the local farmer's market circuit. Try the pretzels, they are addicting! http://www.esthersbakery... * Mayfield Bakery & Cafe * 20 pieces for $73. Pastries were not well received, and there were several left over, so we won't be back here for pastries! Portions are large, but lacking in flavor. Selection is limited, and croissants are too buttery to the point of being greasy. All items are baked on site, but this place is better for grabbing a loaf of bread or fresh baguette, as they do make really good breads! Mayfield also has a restaurant that serves a lot of rotisserie chicken, fresh salad greens and other such European/Californian comfort foods like the kind you can make at home after a trip to farmer's market! But if you are not a cook, then this is a great place for a fresh meal if you are willing to pay $25-30 per person for lunch, and $40-50 per person (before wine) for dinner. http://www.mayfieldbaker...
Went there for lunch today because I was still craving a good crepe. Did not get my fill when I went to Bean Scene in Mountain View last week which I did not like. Douce France was better but I am still going to keep looking for the crepe that is going to satisfy my craving...I had a crepe that had goat cheese, red peppers and tomatoes in it. I think the crepe was whole wheat and overall, it was just ok. Came with a little salad on the side. I was still very hungry and went back for the honey sweet crepe. This came with some whipped cream and was average. I liked the location. It is hard to find but they have some seating outside and good place to people watch. Might go back to try the pastries
THE BEST CHOCOLATE CROISSANT IN PALO ALTO. I have looked high and low.
Crepes, croissants, and cafe latte , oh my! This little cafe has a je ne sai quais. Their crepes are delicious along with this their pastries and sandwiches. My favorite thing to get is the salami baguette sandwich and iced latte, it's simple and delicious and perfect for a pre-Palo Alto High flea Market Lunch. Parking is okay and there's always trouble with the amount of tables and chairs .. it can be a pain to find somewhere to sit. Their latte and brewed coffee are simple and perfect. It's a nice place to bring the kids either human or of the four-legged variety . Dogs are welcome on the patio in front. I love this place , I think it's a Palo Alto gem.
Yummy panini's for lunch served with a little delectable tartlette.  Really nice place to take a parent or a lunch buddy.  Good coffee as well.  More personal cafe to hang out with friends and you'll feel ever so slightly French in their plastic wicker-esque chairs out front.  Don't worry tho, you won't confuse Palo Alto with Paris.  It's a far cry but a good effort.
This is my go-to choclate croissant dealer.  Their pastries have always been decent, but haven't really been show-stoppers in my life.  I was hoping to get lucky when I picked up a chocolate holiday log cake.  Yes, I went for the big guns hoping to find truth in "bigger is better."   There were no sparks; magic didn't happen.  I was disappointed at how blandly flavored this chocolate treat turned out to be.  What Douce France did well is not bombard the cake with sugar. They kept it light as usual and I like my sweets light.
Douce France is a gem in Town and Country. It's nestled in the back, but it has great authentic french food, drinks, pastries, and crepes! I love their baguette sandwiches and their desserts always look so appetizing! I also love their chai tea lattes. I've yet to try their crepes or croque monsieurs, but I would like to soon! With my sandwich, they gave me a small tart! I just love it and it makes me feel like in France!
I tried a variety of cookies and was not so impressed.  The chocolate chip cookie and the apricot filled cookie tasted like the dough sat in the fridge and took on some of the fridge stale odors.  The almond cookie was lightly flavored, in fact, too lightly flavored but excellent texture, crispy and chewy.  The oatmeal cookie was standard, chewy and good.  The brownie was ok, not a blow my mind chocolate flavor.
2/22/08 Update I went at 10:30am on a Friday, not a good time to go.  4 ahead of me and 8 behind me... Read more 
In T&C, there's a Peets and I buy my beans there, but when I want an au lait and a mini chocolate croissant (only $2.50 total!) or other coffee/espresso drink, I go to Douce France. Nice atmosphere, usually busy, but not lined out the door. Rachel M. noted all the highlights, e.g. free wi-fi, good service, and I completely agree with her.
I've been by Douce France a few times for breakfast and can confirm that: (a) they do have a sinfully tempting line-up of french pastries that would be home in most Parisian neighborhoods and (b) the ham and cheese croissant is dern good.
This is a good place to grab a pretty healthy and somewhat snobby-ish sandwich. The portions are on the petite side, which works out well for me (especially at lunch since I don't like to end up with food coma during work!) I got the ham and cheese panini and loved the texture of the baguette they used - crunchy on the outide but still soft inside. The sandwich comes with a super small and cute fruit tart. I wish that Town and Country was not as crowded because parking and getting out of there is a big hassle.
Everything looks yummy and everything we had was yummy! I had a veggie savory crepe....but not with brie or feta which I think would have made it more special and desirable. Mom loved her ham and cheese quiche; flaky, full of ingredients and hot enough. The lentil soup we shared was fresh, healthy and tasty. The highlight: desert crepe served with cinnamon, sugar, butter and banana! Not on the menu, but able to create! It was deeellllliiiiishhhhh! Best around in a while...made us reminisce of our favorite crepe ever at the Louvre! My mom suspected that the crepes are probably made beforehand and then heated....and they are smaller than usual and then served 3 at a time...but just imagine how much better it would be! I asked my mom is she would drive to the PA for just a crepe...she would people! (that says a lot!) I love the theme, decor, and the music to go along...I was surprised it wasn't carried into the bathroom. Service is good, water is out of the tap, but with lemon, you can't tell.
Locally owned, friendly staff, lovely yet sedated French decor.  The foccaccia with melted cheese and tomatoes and salami or veggies are very tasty, the crepes are pleasant and the chai tea lattes are quite good.  This place is always busy, but seating is usually available.  The pastries and sweets are generally mediocre to quite tasty.  If you are in Town & Country Village, this is a much better bet for coffee and a snack than the nearby Peet's Coffee.
I ducked in for a bite while waiting for a friend to join me for the Stanford Treasure Market. It looked adorable from the outside and the case of pastries was tantalizing. I felt a little bad that I had to keep asking what everything was because nothing was labeled and there was a lot to choose from, but I finally selected a raspberry croissant. Maybe it was a poor choice on my part, but I wasn't impressed. The cafe au lait was good, but the croissant was just ok. It was a little on the small side and not flaky at all. It just made me wish I'd saved my calories for a chocolate almond croissant at Fleur de Cocoa. :(
This was for many years an absolutely wonderful place.  The pastries and coffee are still excellent, but the renovations to T&C have greatly reduced the number of parking spaces available.  It just isn't worth the twenty minute parking search.
Cutesy faux "French" boulangerie offering mediocre cakes and lots of sour looking little old ladies as eye candy.  Ordered the hot chocolate and it was DEFINITELY not French--Redi Whip whipped cream, the chocolate was way too sweet (not melted drinking chocolate at all).  The hot chocolate at Barrone's is much, much better.  The tarts are also only a vague approximation of the magnificent tarts one finds in, say, Rue Cler in Paris.  I haven't found anything close to such treats here in the U.S., though Napa bakery Bouchon's macarons come closest . . .
I'm gaining weight just thinking about it. Try the chai latte, it is practically a desert by itself.
Great pastries, go0d macchiattos and free wifi. the chocolate covered dark chocolate mousse was to die for. Fresh bagguettes are fresh.
I'd give this place 3.5 stars, but veered toward the higher end because of their friendly service.  This is a convenient place for lunch (if you can escape the Pali High kids - but that goes for all of Town & Country during lunch!).  Good paninis (I'm partial to the prosciutto or turkey & cheese) and LOVE that it comes with the tartlette; try the soup and half panini - good mix.  Have also tried the foccacia - looks yummy but it's a little bland.  Croissants are okay.  Chai is delish (and I'm not a Chai-loving person!).
I only had there turkey/cheese baugette (I can't spell!). The bread is not that crispy, not like Lee's Sandwiches and they charge $4.00 for it.  They have wireless internet but slow.   I need to try the desserts next time.
Douce France has reasonable prices for crepes. I like their salty crepes. All of their sandwiches, salads, and other entree orders come with a tiny custard fruit tart. I especially like their sandwiches because they use fresh ingredients. I believe they are only opened until 6 or 7 pm so it's only a good place to go during the lunch hour.
I work across the street and I'm in love with this little bakery- the chocolate croissants are to die for! Partnered with their fabulous expresso or their helpful, happy staff, the 10min I spend there before my work day starts is the highlight of my morning!
I LOVE their buffalo mozarella sandwich.  It's delicious although pretty expensive for what it is.  The staff is really nice.  It's owned and operated by an indepedent guy, Victor, which I like.
They spoke French with me!  It was so cool!!!!!
I've been going to Douce France for over 10 years and it's always the same servers that take care to make my experience special - no turnover. This says it all. Everyone that works there is like family and they care about the customers. The food is always delicious and at a price that I can afford. It doesn't matter what you order, everything is good.
I love Douce France. My mother in law works nearby and whenever it's time for lunch or a coffee break, this is our place. It can get really busy at times, but  that doesn't take away from the amazing food and drinks this place has to offer. It's my definite fave! Thumbs up!
Stopped by here for a little treat after bar method class and got two of their mini fruit tarts. Tried the mix fruit & lemon mini tarts, and they were super delicious! the sugar glazed topping on top of the fruits was amazing, and the lemon tasted very refreshing with a bit of chocolate syrup on top. They have a big selection of mini tarts, which I am a fan of because it's delicious but small so u feel less guilty. but they also have a wide selection of other yummy desserts, from macarons to cakes to pastries to bigger tarts, they all look delicious! Plus the breads looked delicious too, but didn't get to try. Will definitely have to come back to try more stuff next time!
Chocolate Croissant was terrible (I'm disagreeing with the post below about this place having the best one in Palo Alto). La Baguette in the Stanford Shopping Center wins in terms of pastries, and their Chocolate Croissants and Fruit Tarts are better.  Also, there's more selection of pastries there. Haven't tried the panini's or drinks here. Service was NOT friendly.
this place is so great!! feels like I'm really in France. they make a mean mocha! the food is also to die for, everything is fresh and so yummy. I forget the name of what i had last time, it was like a fancy pizza slice. it's more reasonably priced than all the other cafes in town and country, and also has a wider selection. my new favorite palo alto eatery for sure!
Douce France is near and dear to the heart of any Paly (Palo Alto High School) student who enjoys a good cup of coffee, or real pastry.  It is a nice place to study, and the food is equally as good as the coffee and espresso drinks.  Particularly delicious is the Buffarella sandwich, which uses very fresh mozarella and delicious pesto, and the Crepe Suzette, which is served quite lemony, and not over sweetened.  All lunch dishes come served with a tiny tart, which is a nice touch. However, it is not the food alone that makes Douce France.  The staff are very helpful, and if one becomes a regular, quite friendly.  Unlike many other cafes in Palo Alto (Coupa, to name one) Douce France's waiters will not attempt to shoo you away if you buy a pastry and coffee and then attempt to study or browse the web for an hour or three.
Douce France was in Town & Country even before it got revitalized, and it was my go-to place for chocolate-dipped croissants (among the other delicious pastries).  Nowadays, it serves as a weekend brunch place if we happen to be looking for a change of pace from Joanie's or the Palo Alto Baking Company.  While the servers might be a little bristly, consider it as part of the French atmosphere.  Seating can be a little cramped around the Parisian street-side style tables, but there's always enough room even when we over-order (which is very easy to do here!).  Their sandwiches come with a tiny side salad and a tiny tart for a complete meal.  I'd just avoid this around lunch time for Paly, as it does become quite a zoo!
Sandwiches are ok, pastries are terrible.  I don't know.  This place seems a little fake to me.  I don't think they bake with butter.  The tarts don't taste right to me.
I love the staff, the fruit tarts and  the mozzarella and tomato sandwich.  I've been a loyal customer since high school, and will continue to be one as long as I live here.
Great little cafe. I've come a couple of times for lunch followed by studying.  It's always been busy and the food good.  My favorite lunch is the special ($8.95- it's also by far the best deal there).  I tried the Chai Latte, which was pretty good and served in a (really) large mug.  It's a bit annoying that the iced tea ($1.95) is non sweetened and that syrup is $0.50, but I keep coming back for the special and oh, the macaroons! I ended up getting these little cookies because it was almost closing time when I decided I wanted to buy something sweet and all the wonderful looking cakes and tarts were put away.  Those little cookies were just what they are supposed to be - soft and delicate outsides, intense flavor and smoothness inside.  I especially liked the lemon one, which had the right amount of tart and sweet.  At $1.10 each, they're not cheap, but there a nice little indulgence.
Decent paninis (isn't that Italian?) and the crepes were also decent. Hot chocolate tasted like hot chocolate, nothing special to rave about. Good for an intimate spot but not good for large groups.
I hit up Douce France first thing in the morning, dodging Paly kids and the hausfrau intelligentsia, and stock up on all the chocolate croissants.  The mini ones. So I can eat them and feel like a giant.
am i the only one who smells something odd in the air? no seriously... i can't seem to pinpoint what it is, but everytime i'm here there's this strange scent that seems to fill the shop. somewhere along the lines of burnt metal perhaps? anywho, i'm always able to look past this and have my lunches at an outdoor table. depending on what you order, it's rather a hit or miss. savory items are better prepared than the sweets in my opinion. i really enjoy their salads and paninis, especially the angelo prosciutto. most of the pastries and cookies, i found to be overly sweetened to the point where i desperately need a tasteless liquid to wash it all down. the fruit tarts and croissants though have been scrumptious! entrees usually come with a little bite pastry treat as well. like many other yelpers, i do agree that it's a tad overpriced. but i suppose that's what's expected for a quaint little french bakery with an ambiance to match. the layout is charming along with the french songs to match. service is rather ordinary, though i believe this is also based who is at the service counter when you're ready to order. sometimes i notice the guys who work in the back come out to take orders when it's a little busier and glare when i don't include a tip. but cmon now, there's not really wait service here.
I had a delectable apple turnover there today! Very casual environment. Friendly and fast service.
you may not notice this cute place unless you're looking for it. it's not as far as the sushi house but it's way back there in town and country i like coming here for coffee and to look at the beautiful cakes and pastries in the display case... usually i get a quiche or a ham and cheese croissant (i ask them to heat it up - so much better when warmed). they usually include a little tart with their sandwiches which is a nice touch. everything here is pretty good. pros: pretty pastries and good sandwiches and coffees, free wifi cons: all the chairs and booths are remarkably uncomfortable
I am  a fan of cafes and I love this one. This is a lovely little french cafe in the Town and Country shopping center. I have been bringing my friends here for lunch and they are always pleasantly surprised.  The cafe has a bright and cheerful decor with a long booth style bench running down the middle. Situated with these are small bistro tables with colorful french label ads as the tops. And of course the wicker french bistro chairs to complete the look. There is outdoor seating along the walkway. Douce France has excellent baguette sandwiches filled with fresh ingredients as well as crepes. I have always had the baguettes but my friends have raved about the crepes. There is a display case filled with little delicacies that  make the 3 pm moment of, I need a nap, drift away with each bite. Fortunately they have miniature biscottis as well as tiny french macaroons in various flavors.  The coffee beverages are excellent too. There are always french people eating here, a good sign. This is a very nice cafe and although it would be a stretch to imagine yourself sitting in Paris, it does get you thinking of Paris and wishing you were there.
La fromagere goat cheese crepe melts in your mouth! Coffee is excellent, ambiance is perfect! Staff greets with a bonjour.  Love it.
I think this is a good bakery in general but unfortunately, you can be disappointed from time to time. I go there with my son every now and then to get croissants. Regular one are consistently good (so far), but this is the second time that my ham and cheese is cold inside. Today there was none left on the rack, so the waitress got me one from the kitchen. It looks fresh on the outside, but appeared to be half-frozen inside! I think I will just buy my croissants at the farmer's market now.  At least, I know that the Acme's croissants are always fresh.
i go for the breakfast sandwiches, i think the bread and pastries are pretty good.. as anything else, mediocre at best. eggs-cold bread-untoasted coffie- luke warm and extremely overpriced would not go back
This place is cute, clean, and comfortable!  I ordered a turkey croissant sandwich here for lunch and it filled me up w/ satisfaction!  I'll come back to try their other baked goods because they sure looked delicous!  I love French food!!!!!!
Glad this place is still around.  I used work about a block away and would always stop by for lunch to pickup a quick sandwich.  We also would stop in late afternoon for pastries and lattes.
Friendly and very "French" atmosphere here.  The food is OK, it was good, but not the best of the kind I've ever had.   Personally I think their pastries were better than their regular lunch items (crepes etc.).
These guys are great. I order a Crepe Parisienne, decaf coffee and sit there for hours on free wi-fi. Nobody bothers me. They are French ... they believe in sitting in a cafe. Their croissants and torts are wonderful too.
Hello? - why haven't I discovered this place any time sooner? Nestled pretty deep in the Town and Country Village - this place is certainly not unknown as it was swamped with people. I wanted to try everything there but settled on a mixed salad with chicken. OK - not exactly what one should order when eating at a French bakery/cafe - but the salad was fabulous and absolutely fresh. Everything even down to the espresso drinks looked appetizing. My only complaint would be their smaller portion size but the French simply do not eat as much as us fat Americans.
wandering around town and country in a lost and hungry daze where to eat, what to eat i knew when i saw the sign this french bakery and cafe it was just right it doesn't matter that this ain't france i had a crepe and pastry sitting outside on a table fit for one cute and smiles from the girl taking my order it was what i needed
Croque Madames are good, and 9 bucks.  a nice place to get a light brunch.  Sometimes they have saucy frenchmen manning the counter, which brings back memories of being mistreated by wait staff in france... ahh, l'amor.
A great place to go to have some coffee and pastries! Service is friendly and plenty of parking. My friend really like this place how they make their cappuchino with the foam. I had a white mocha which was pretty sweet, but that's how I like it.
This place is kitty-corner to the Trader Joes parking lot on the north side of Town & Country in Palo Alto.  It's a great place for a good-value French lunch. It is cafe style, with small 2-person tables scattered inside and outside.  Sandwiches and crepes are a decent price, but they will get you on the more fancy pastries.  My standard lunch is a panini and banana-nutella crepe for dessert.   The non-dessert crepes are not as big and filling as what you would find at the Crepevine, but they are tasty.  What they specialize in is French pastries -- and they have a very large variety of those.
Have been coming here regularly for about 7 years now. This is my all-time favorite lunch spot. It used to be a quieter place, but has gotten busier with the Trader Joe's and parking isn't as easy. The paninis are excellent - my favorite is the buffarella. My husband loves the angelo. All paninis come with a mini fruit tart (delicious). They also make the best chai latte I have ever tasted. The staff is very friendly.
Baguette sandwiches are simple and tasty just like in bakeries in France. Quiche are pretty good too. I love the freshly squeezed apple juice but a little bit pricey. Savory crepes should have been done with buckwheat for a French bakery. Good coffee and good price!
Douce France is among Palo Alto's best. The interior is aesthetically pleasing with French oeuvres furnishing their walls and the darlingest little tables and chairs gracing the sidewalk outside. Their paninis are just superb and are best enjoyed with a green salad. One might want to proceed with this combo with a shot of espresso or a cafe au lait. They have such a well-rounded menu, from the desserts to the lunch items to the various drinks, both hot and cold. They also offer freshly baked baguettes on the go. I am so pleased with the quality of their food that I don't mind paying the $4.00 for toll.
Loved the buckwheat galletes & crepes. The La Brettone was crisp and done to perfection. I haven't tried their pastries yet. The outdoor seating was nice, and not too crowded.
Yummy chocolate croissants and cappuccino. Not a bargain eat but not overly expensive for Palo Alto. There is something very yummy about the chocolate they use in their chocolate croissant that makes me coming back for more. Their desserts are good too. The vibe is nice and it's probably the closest thing I can find to a City cafe experience on the peninsula.
It's a nice, cool, airy cafe to come to.  Good selection of pastries, desserts, soups, and light food. The staff is kind. 2 power outlets available for laptops and outdoor seating by the parking lot. A lot of baby strollers roll in on the Sunday that I am here. Wi-fi has been a little spotty, but accessible.
sandwiches look better than the crepes.  little macaron with the sandwich, was good texture wise.  flavor a little weak.  crepe buckwheat contents like from a package.  almond croissant was too small to have the moist, flakiness of say tartine version.
When you are in the mood for a lighter lunch, the panini at Douce France can't be beat! If you are starving, go next door to the Village Cheese House. They also make great Cappuccino and desserts. They have free wifi, and lots of nice seating inside and out, so its a good place to chill.
This is a concise version of the full review originally posted at http://netspencer.com/fo... Located in Town and Country Village in Palo Alto, this cozy little Parisian style cafe is sure to please. I am so lucky to go to school at Palo Alto High School, just across the street from the plaza that houses Douce France.  I have gone almost every school day this entire year.  After countless hours, dozens of sandwiches, and virtually my last pennies spent, I can effortlessly say that I qualify to write this review. It's 11:40, the bell rings indicating the beginning of lunch.  I pack up my back pack, leave the Biology classroom and bricky walk across campus and through Town in Country in hopes of being one of the first people in line.  I arrive early, before the crowed of less loyal students.  "A bufferella on ciabatta," I request.  "$6.75," replies one of the down to earth staff.  I sit down at one of the beautiful cafe tables and relax.  Before I know it my lightly toasted panino is sitting in front of me.  Sitting next to it, there is a delicious looking mini tart.  I bite into the sandwich and am immediately pleased.  The cheese is creamy and smooth yet flavorful, the tomatoes are juicy, the bread is fresh and slightly crunchy.  Savory, appetizing and luscious.  It's perfect. My average lunch consists of about a half hour spent eating and enjoying my time inside Douce France.  The ambience is very cozy and it makes me feel welcome and appreciated.  I am always served by an extremely nice and patient person.  My food is always outstanding and I always leave satisfied and happy, eager to return. What exactly is so special about this place?  From the moment you walk in you will notice the welcoming ambience.  From the French cafe tables to the hand painted walls and posters.  You will then be greeted by someone with a great personality who genuinely likes their job.  You will be treated with respect and feel appreciated all before you have even ordered.  Once you receive your food your palate will be pleased.  The food is nothing fancy or out of the ordinary but instead is just right and perfectly made.  You too, will be excited to come back. You really can't go wrong with anything on their menu.  Almost everything has proved outstanding to me.  Here are some suggestions. Bufferella: a clever name and a unique yet simple sandwich.  Perfect for any day.  Made with buffalo mozzarella, topped with tomatoes and basil. Fresco: another sandwich with a little bit more of a sharp taste. Tomato Lentil Soup: this item is not available every day.  Just ask what the soup of the day is.  Tomato Lentil is my favorite but that's just me.  Try any of their soups and you should be happy. Crepes: try a crepe, savory or sweet.  They are vary tasty. Opera Cake: a piece of Opera cake is always a great addition to a lunch, or pop in and order one with a cup of coffee. Le Fromager: a delicious savory cheese crepe with goat cheese among a variety of tasty cheeses. The Good: Great staff. Delicious food. Pleasant atmosphere. The Bad: Sometimes crowded and hard to find a table.
I love this place. I love the custard danish (not cheese, but custard!) it is amazing. the napoleon was overly sweet but still tasty witht he white chocolate topping and light custard. This place has yummy custard stuff. i love how with every sandwich you order they give you a mini fruit tart. It always makes me smile to see my little fruit tart next to my yummy Bufferella (Buff. Mozz, tomatoes, olive oil etc) is so delicious! I get it on the baguette, I love their baguettes, very soft and moist. I also like the Misto the chicken with the lemon zest is a very interesting and yummy combination. Their iced tea and iced coffees are good as well.
Dropped by for a Saturday lunch with a couple of friends. The place is located in Palo Alto Town & Country center, which seems to be getting busier and livelier these days. We got a goat cheese crepe, a chicken panini, and a croque-madame (grilled ham & cheese sandwich, with fried over-easy egg and bechamel sauce on top). All three so delicious! Prompt and attentive service. The latte was the best I've had in a long time. They make all of their own baked goods and cakes. This place will be my regular lunch dig from now on. I even got the scoop that Chef Donato (from Donato Enoteca) stops by every morning here for a quick espresso! I could hear native French and Italian spoken all around us - always a good sign when natives are at the restaurant.
Normandy gallete (savory crepe) turkey, ham & tomatoes plus latte. A little bit of France inside, sunny chairs outside
Very good coffee! Pastries are ok. Its is always extremely busy at lunchtime. Try the cherry tarts, very unusual in a pleasant way. I drop by usually on the weekends. They have an extensive menu of crepes and sandwiches.
Pastries / croissants are quite good. Bread (baguette) is really weak, totally homogeneous soft crumb, very little crust.  Tastes like something out of a plastic bag at safeway.  Go to nearby mayfield bakery for a much better loaf of bread. Overall, decent place for pastries and coffee.
I used to come in here all the time considering I went to high school across the street. Service is prompt, food is delicious. I always get the ham & cheese focaccia ($3.75), heated up, and the occasional chai latte ($2.50) during colder days. If you get a sandwich ($7-10), it comes with a delicious little fruit tart. The store itself kind of small, but I've never had an issue with finding seating.
LOOOOOOOOVE this place, the wife and I love to eat breakfast here when we have some spare time in the morning. Terrific service, pastry selections very unique and abundant . Crossaints very very flaky, coffee is excellent. If you're around Standford University and need a place to kick back, check email and detox....stop by, they have free Wifi!
The food is fresh and very tasty! My favorite thing is there Chai Tea Latte blows everything away. Great environment very friendly your treated like family if you go more than 3 times.
Two words.  Chocolate croissant. This cafe is lovely.  The food is fresh and really yummy.  The staff are great.  And if you are very lucky.  Very, very lucky.   You may arrive as they finish a batch of chocolate croissants.  And that will be a very good day for you.
I like the croissants and cinnamon sticks which are 4 star.  The coffee drinks are average for Palo alto.  I usually take out and eat the pastries at home.
Good cafe. Food is good, but sometimes rushed and looks and tastes like it was slapped together. What I don't really like about this cafe lately is the crowds. Since the mall has been taken over by baby/child/maternity stores, its kind of become a hang out for people who patronize those businesses. Gone are the good old days of settling in with a book and a cup o' yummy coffee and croissant. In are the days of screaming toddlers and parents who feel entitled taking over the place in the mornings and afternoons.
I went in to grab a quick sandwich and salad to go and share with my husband. The panini arrived basically cold and the fresh mixed green salad has sauteed vegetables in it--it was also really small for a $7+ salad. To top it off there were no utensils and I didn't realize it until I had left. The pastries looked nice so I imagine the number of positive reviews are about the pastries and coffee--skip the cafe menu.
They are the coolest people with excellent service and food. Another of my Palo Alto favorites - I have tried most of them and  Douce France still tops all the cafe's. Good coffee too of course!
I love this place, one of the best cafes in the south bay, great coffee, and even better pastries and cakes.  Nice place to hang out to get away from the office for a few hours.
I used my Douce France Groupon today and had a great experience. The staff members are friendly, generous and accommodating. I had a light, healthy, delicious and perfectly seasoned bowl of a vegetable broth-based, herbed tomato cabbage soup with perfectly brewed iced tea. My Sunday indulgence was a fresh raspberry tart that was like those I remember having in France (not too sweet, allowing the sweet raspberries to take center stage). The combination of great food and wonderful service will definitely bring me back to Douce France.
I came here for the first time with my groupon and ordered the Parisienne crepe. It was the worst crepe I have ever had! It was served cut in half and folded over, like it was a sandwich, so the cheese was hardening already and the inside ingredients were cold. Ive never had a crepe served like that! The crepe itself was also dried out, clearly not freshly made. They just stuffed the ingredients into it and treated it like it was sandwich bread. Ugh. There was also a wilted salad that was thrown over it too. When I go again to use my second groupon, I'll definitely avoid the crepes!
Muffins are a little buttery but pretty damn good. Some of the staff could use a smile on their face.
Oh my goodness, where to begin? Ok, the place LOOKS like a nice place to sit and enjoy a cup of coffee. I ordered a croissant and a cookie. The croissant was awful, not flaky, just kind of soft and mushy.The Costco ones are much better, no kidding. The cookie was a shortbread heart filled with jam. I took one bite and actually spit it out. All I tasted was a horrible refrigerator taste!! It was soo strong, I thought "how long has that cookie been sitiing in there???" I've been to many bakeries in my life, but I don't recall that ever happening before. I threw both items away, they were that inedible. And I love baked goods.Then I thought, how on earth does this place stay in business? I thought folks around Palo Alto are supposed to have somewhat discriminating taste.
love the service and the atmosphere , yummy chocolate croissants, and good for breakfast, they open early at 7
Went with the Groupon. Had the breakfast sandwich of egg and cheese and ham on a toasted croissant... MAJOR YUM. I've never been to France, but being here I could imagine I just traveled there (aside from the hispanic people in the back, but thats cool). Also splurged and shared a chocolate croissant with my date for "breakfast dessert." What I ate was so buttery and fattening that I went all the way till dinner before I was hungry again, thats a plus for this girl who gets hungry easily and low blood sugar sometimes. Hey, all I can say is fat=FLAVOR! and don't forget to work out.
Had a great eggplant sandwich and ham croissant. Will definitely return when I am in Palo Alto!
Just stopped by based on a Groupon buy.  When my co worker and I arrived, it was eye candy all over!  I bought one of everything I wanted as my resolution to cut down on the starchy foods would start in a couple of days.  I will now have to rethink my strategy.  I started with a chocolate croissant. It was one of the BEST I've EVER had - rivaling that of Tartine!  The linzer cookie was just okay, but presentation was incredible.  As I downed the cookie, croissant, and coffee, I must remind myself to slow down.  My co worker didn't buy a Groupon, but he also bought a number of pastries along w/ a tall cappuccino.  His ham croissant was also amazing.  This place is heaven!  We're definitely coming back.  I'll have to set up a rewards program for self.
fresco, fresco, fresco... mmm..
this is a really nice cafe. i've been going here since i was in highschool. they have become a little pricey, but still a nice experience. cool ambiance also. sometimes it's hard to find a table if you're in a group. it's kinda more suited towards the older crowd- not exactly hip. hahha.
Beautiful little French cafe. Haven't tried too much of their food yet but the decor is wonderful amidst the general beauty of Town and Country Village. My favorite cafe in all of Palo Alto.
This place is one of my favorite lunch spots in Palo Alto.  Paninis, quiches, fruit tarts, and desserts are all delicious.  They also have the best chai tea lattes that I've had anywhere.  Will keep coming back!
Easily the best place in town for a latte and a pastry, especially since the cafe down on Hamilton was forced to close a few years back. I've always had excellent luck with their petits fours and cakes.
For French pastry, coffee, and a friendly, comfortable ambiance, Douce France is the best cafe in Palo Alto.
Great little caffee in Palo Alto. Great quiche, sandwiches, salads and deserts.... little fruit tartlets...yamyam.... Their outdoor tables are very nice....
it's ok for a neighborhood pastry fix, but for the good stuff, i still have to trek to SF. the french pastries are a bit tough, definitely do not taste authentic and are maybe a tad stale. the ambiance is cute and is a good place to grab a cup of coffee and a pastry. lunch and breakfast is always crowded.
I used to go to Castilleja and would spend a great amount of time at Douce France in the morning. Their chocolate croissants are super good and I just love the atmosphere.
This place has all the wonderful nuances of a lovely cafe in France - lovely coffee, lovely food and very nice ambiance - without the attitude of waiters in Paris (the staff are really nice and efficient).  It's great place to have coffee, breakfast, lunch or a pastry anytime during the day either to have a quick meeting or to just hang out.  The big bonuses are the central location, free parking, and free WiFi.
Chocolate Croissant and Latte.  You can't go wrong with this.  It's the perfect combination!  Friendly service.  Non-pretentious.  Keep in mind that the chocolate croissants are not always oozzing with melted chocolate but when they are, all the better.  Highly recommend this place for a yummy treat and a great place to meet a friend.
Wonderful French cafe. Great pastries, great coffee, great ambiance. Love it!!!
Try out the petit dejeuner...one of the best breakfast options! Friendly staff and great place. Totally worth the 5 stars!
