I stumbled onto it on its grand opening day on May 3, 2012, after seeing on Porter its sandwich-board signs announcing its opening.  It was a like a mini TIBCO cafeteria, the food equally as good, only the location is about 1/3 the size of TIBCO.  My only issue was with the price.  I understand that they are environmentally conscientious, with fork-to-farm supplying and organic food, but the $7.49 price point for the daily special I had on their first day (pork stir fry, which was mostly sauce, brown rice, veggies) seemed a little steep for the portion size.  Delicious, but pricey.  On the other hand, that is the most expensive price point.  A cheese burger is $4.29, sweet potato fries for $1.49, soup made from scratch for $1.69, deli/sandwich bar for $0.45/ounce, salad bar for $0.33/ounce and they allow dressing "on the side" (unweighed). I work in the Page Mill Hill complex, which lacks a decent cafeteria, so it was a pleasant surprise to have such an elegant place open up on the other side of our parking lot.  Yay!  I'm a fan!
Another of the Bon Apetit cafeterias. Compared to their other one @ TIBCO, this one is fairly small and so the options are slightly more limited. We almost go here every day as it is conveniently located. The grill, withs its fish choices for the day and other grill items are a staple. Sometimes they do aqua fresca for free. Can't ask for more in a cafeteria.
The cafe at 3160 Porter re-opened recently. Taken over by Bon Appetit, new place rocks. Salad bar, grill, daily specials, and SUPER cheap breakfasts. Also a self-serve cappuccino machine which I haven't tried yet, but looks pretty interesting. Good place for a quick bite if you're on the go in the Stanford Research Park.
Good quality food in a pleasant setting with friendly staff-- the prices are moderate ($7.50 for a turkey burger, fries, and a can of diet Coke) and the food quality on a par with TIBCO. There aren't enough tables at the outside seating area, but there was plenty of room inside. I'm looking forward to going back.
