This was simply an amazing dining experience. I loved the ambiance , the service and the food ! The cocktails are wonderful. I had the islander which was pineapple based . The roti appetizer was great. I was very skeptical about it , but was blown away with the yellow curry. I had initially mailed them whether they served a specific kind of singaporean noodles. I didn't know what it was called but I had the picture and mailed them that. The owner was nice enough to respond saying it was called Hookien Bee Hoon and that they don't have but the chef would make it for me . Yaay ! Desserts looked appetizing unfortunately no room to dig in. I will keep coming here :)
I ordered Take-Out: Samosa, Crab Cakes and Vegetarian Pad Thai The person taking my order had difficulty understanding my 'vegetarian' order and I spelled it out for her: No Meat, No Eggs I also added: No mushrooms, Just Vegetables, Medium spicy She kept on repeating it as 'Vegan' Pad Thai and I gave up trying to correct her. I hope someone educates them, below is a reference to what 'Vegan' means: http://en.wikipedia.org/... What I got: - Samosas fried in some weird tasting oil(could've have been old / could've been something not suitable for frying samosas) - Chicken Pad Thai: I am not kidding!! My pad thai had uncooked, hard and big(some as big as my mp3 player) chicken pieces, egg, about 5pieces of tofu(Yes, I counted!!) and no vegetables whatsoever - Crab Cakes. My wife had to run to the sink as soon as she had her first taste of the supposedly "Vegan Pad Thai". As I am ok with meat I was able to eat about 40% of the Pad Thai and the crab cakes. And adding to it I was asked to wait an extra 15mins even though I reached there well after 20mins to pick up my order. ------------------------------ I have had two lunches, sitting in, but at that time my overall experience and the food was O.K.
Don't be fooled by the unassuming exterior of this place, just in front of the Travelodge on El Camino Real. Park in the back and enter a very nice interior with white tablecloth service. We started out with the mussels in the lemon garlic sauce-OMG-I could eat that sauce on ANYTHING. Next came a beef coconut curry and an Indonesian chicken-both in great sauces with complex flavors. Finished it off with an orange-ginger flavored creme brulee. Straits is not to be missed!
This Straits seems to be closed now or has moved away from 3295 El Camino Real.  This location is now some kind of Indian Bistro or similar.  So I'm just writing this review in case someone else tries to take clients here and finds out they no longer exists or have moved... As for the 4 star rating, I am giving this because I have been to Straits in Santana Row in San Jose (twice), and I really like their selection of food. Everything I had was quite delicious, and I left extremely well fed!  Yes they are a bit pricy, but the quality is well above average and they serve good sized portions.
Been here a few times on business and pleasure. I'm a huge garlic lover and if you are too, this is definitely the place for you. The garlic/black pepper lobster, crab, mussels and steak are the best. They did run out of lobster before so that was disappointing but the food is awesome. Not a cheap place by any means but worth he money for sure. I live sorta far so I don't get here alot and I've learned how to make it at home for cheaper. But if I'm in the mood to be spoiled and have a night off from cooking, I'd definitely come here.
Hostess should be fired. Went here on a Saturday night (2/11/2012) with reservations and was greeted by the hostess who looked no older than 15 and had no idea how to do her job. There was a group in front of us and she went to seat them and told us she would be back in a minute.. That minute ended up turning in to 10 minutes. We overheard the hostess and it seemed like maybe she knew the people she was seating. While we are waiting for her to come back in a cold entry way ( they don't close the doors) , two skanks  line up behind us and sneakily move to my side whilst pretending to be avoid the cold. When the hostess comes back, the skanks immediately  recognize her and say "hey, i didn't know you work her!... yadda, yadaa, yadda"  Before i know it she's taking them to their seat! I'm flabbergasted and begin to ask what happened when she gets back. She simply says sorry with no sincerity so we asked to speak to the manager. She then goes to the manager and tells her side of the story to him instead of telling him that the customers want to speak with him. So instead of coming over to ask what the issue was, the manager simply came over and said sorry about that, can we seat you now?!  I guess the manager here is useless too. Needless to say, we walked out after that.
Straits never disappoints.  I was almost hesitant to give 4 stars though, because it's just so expensive.  A couple of my friends worked here as hostesses in high school, which is probably the reason why my friends and I bothered coming here. Food here is always good, but always expensive, and portion is small!  Ambiance on the inside is nice, but from the outside on El Camino, this place kind of looks like a shack, so it might not impress your date at first. Don't expect this Straits to be anything like the one in Santana Row, either!  This does not turn into a trendy club at night.
Just went here recently for a work dinner after a long day of meetings.  We had 8 in our table and we seated right away, even after our comment of maybe we should have a drink at the bar.  Usually most places pay attention especially when you are slow to get a round of drinks going, especially with a thirsty table.  After 10 minutes, I had to get up and ask for someone to take our drink orders.  The hostess took our drink order and finally our server came back with most of our drinks, turns out on Thursday night, they were literally out of everything, very odd. Our appetizers arrived very quickly (making up for the service on the drinks?) and they then did take our orders.  Good flavor on appetizers, tried a bread with curry, another pastry type with peanut sauce and then the kabobs - all were actually pretty good and not spicy. Main courses arrived and all but one in our party ordered bowls, the other poor guy orders a steak - do not order a steak here - stick with the other dishes.  My garlic noodles with chicken was fine, other folks were typical pad thai and other typical dishes - although one was served without any rice. All in all, glad the bill was not on me as I really thought the food was just fine, the portions were small and the service was lacking especially for how quiet is was that particular night.
**3.5 Stars** Straits Cafe is the forgotten forefather of many of the mainstream Asian fusion restaurants.  Though the cuisine is Singaporean, there are spins on many classics to make it friendly to an American palate. As one of the original locations, this definitely used to be one of my favorites though I did like their SF location as well.   It was nice, but accessible and their El Camino location always felt a bit hidden. Times have changed though and the downtown restaurants (Mountain View and Palo Alto) have become more popular (Tamarine, Xanh, even Straits spinoff Sino in Santana Row), so the crowds aren't here anymore. Nonetheless, we were on the prowl for garlic noodles and crab and didn't want to pay the prices at Tamarine.  Too bad PPQ isn't closer.  The place was pretty empty, except for a private party, but the flash fried black pepper crab and garlic noodles were spot on.  So was the roti prata.  I've been here a few times over the years and had a few disappointments, so it was nice to see they could still make great food. Straits accepts credit cards, including Amex.
The Straits restaurant in Palo Alto has just re-branded themselves but you'll still need to Google Straits to find it, and look carefully for the glass block wall as you drive North up El Camino, or you might miss it. My wife and I went there for dinner last night and were happy to see that our favorite server Michelle was still part of the team. She really is first class, very attentive and helpful. I look forward to seeing her as much as the great food. The menu is very similar with a few changes and has retained many of the favorites. The ambiance is a little more up-tempo. I like this place and hope they do well. I think they should make more of the bar area. The space has great potential, abundant parking and that part of town really needs something.
Went there with my family and friends and we each ordered different items.  The drinks, food and dessert was delicious.  We all enjoyed our dinner. The exterior from El Camino looks like an older brick bldg but when you park and enter in the back the decor is very nice and not what you think.
Good food in a quiet environment.  Very good Asian Fusion heavy toward Indian flavors.  Service is attentive.  An overall good dining experience, especially if you want to have a quiet conversation, either romantic or business.
Wow this place has gotten really gone down hill. Last night we had: The rendang chicken The fresh cut chicken The yellow curry All of the chicken was tough and dry. The curries were very salty, but otherwise not bad. The fresh chicken came with a flavorless broth that we had to dump soy sauce into in order to make palatable. We wanted to try the ahi appetizers but they had "run out" of tuna at 7pm on a Friday night in a mostly empty restaurant. Overall the meal was much worse than a typical Thai takeout place, and the bill was almost $30 each with no alcohol. The portions were also pretty small compared to a typical Asian restaurant. Never coming back.
I really want to like like this place but please, fix the wait staff!  I'm embarrassed every time I take clients into your restraint. - the bar tender was too busy yachting with his buddy to address my order. - the waiter did a poor job of taking the orders - the food came out at random times and the main course was served before the salads! - and then the salads came put and they were the wrong ones and they had no place on the table for them! If I went to taco bell, I would expect this service, not this place.  Come on guys, get your act together.
Out of alll the Straits out there in the Bay area, I would have to say i like this best. Located in the heart of Palo Alto, my gf and I decided to have a lunch date before she heads to Cabo.  Hate her.  Just kidding. She decided the place.  Straits Cafe it was.  Never been here before, I was a little receptive to the idea of another Straits.  The saying goes, you eat em once, you have eaten them all.  Shockingly, I would have to say this is one of the better Straits I eaten. We order three entrees one of which is the Roti.  You can't go to Straits without having one of these.  It is criminal!  We then ordered a flat rice noodles plate that consisted of seafood and a spicy chicken saucteed in a spicy lemongrass sauce.  Both were yummy.  Since the spicy chicken was so good we had to order a bowl of rice.  We left nothing to waste. Overall, the place is like any other Straits you been to before, an asian fusion confusion for some would say with a buddha somewhere in or along the restaurant.  Their service wasn't bad along with the price. I would come here again if I was in the area and/or tempted to give other dishes a try.
If you're looking for a nicer restaurant in the PA area, Straits is a great place to go. For someone that eats a lot I can delightfully report that this not one of those fancy restaurants that thinks everything on its menu is an appetizer: the main dishes will fill you up here. Some of the dishes came visually well prepared (if you are into that kind of thing) but all of the ones I've tried were gustatorily well prepared.
Had great Roti bread for appetizer. But ordered 3 peppersteaks and they were all raw, and the mash potatoes (tora) were cold on the plate. Worst restaurant I have tried in the bay area
First time dining here and it was a really enjoyable experience.  Food was tasty but not mind-blowing (chicken was good but a little overdone; pad thai was a bit boring and the noodles were slightly tough and overly chewy).  The Roti bread, however, is every bit as delicious as people say.  Again, the food is not bad, just not crazy amazing. The service, however, is crazy amazing.  We got there at six and did not leave until almost nine and we were never rushed, never made to feel like they wanted to turn the table and get us the frak out.  We were tended to without being invaded and everyone was kind and helpful. Will definitely go back.  A fine and lovely little restaurant.
I love this spot! Food is delicious, complex and unique flavor combinations make Straits worth the stop! Don't forget to order the roti as an appetizer.
Bring back the chicken in the Hai Nan Chicken Rice.
This was a really frustrating restaurant. Some of its food is good. Really good. But oh! The service sometimes! Went there with a group on Sunday when it was still relatively empty. They forgot to bring out an appetizer. And then forgot to bring out a main dish for one of our dinner companions! And water refills were nowhere to be seen. And it's a shame because some of the food is delicious. The fried bread with ground beef (with a mustard-type dipping sauce) was outrageously good. Could eat that all night. The flank steak as a main dish was so-so, though. Portions were decent and it's a nice decor.
I'm not one for doling out 2 star reviews because I'm petty. I give them because overall, this place was worth 2 stars despite the decent food. Food Portions are sizable and I was impressed by my pad thai that was $13. 2 days later and I'm still eating it. It was very garlicky. What I liked best about it? The noodles were cooked nicely and were not overdone as are most places that offer pad thai. Hubby ordered the basil chicken which ended up tasting like some kind of glorified peanut satay sauce dish. The only basil that made an appearance was the sprig of it they used as garnish. Basil chicken is a misnomer and hubby was bitterly resentful for it. We had also ordered appetizers - garlic fries and 2 orders of roti paratha. Garlic fries were undercooked and just flat out gross. We'd have returned them, but the server had disappeared. I was disappointed with the size of the roti parathas because for that price, I'd expect them a bit bigger - like Banana Leaf sized bigger. Service Slow and a bit forgetful. For the price of the dishes, I expect much better service than what we got. Overall I would give this place a shot again, but it's #50 on our list of 50 restaurants we'd eat at again. Service is slow unless you're a table of 6 or more. Decent food, but very overpriced. I wish I could give a higher rating for this restaurant, but I left feeling very underwhelmed and very unsatisfied.
It was a little LOUD in here when we walked in at 7p. We had plans to hit up Yard House, but it was PACKED! So we stopped here. The martinis were EXCELLENT and the apps that we got were really good--chicken satay and tuna tower. If it weren't so loud, I would've liked it a lot more...they really don't need to play the music so loud during the evening when no one is dancing yet! It took awhile getting the check...
We went to the Straits in San Jose and tried to use a gift card that has all three Strait's addresses on the card. When we got our bill and I tried to pay with a Strait's gift card that my mom had bought us at the Palo Alto location, they told us that they didn't take the gift cards anymore. Talk about misleading! My mom bought us this gift card for our anniversary 2 months ago and we finally had time to go...what a disappointment. In any case, I found the food was greasy and the bathrooms were dirty. No wonder they only have 1 light to illuminate their bathroom.
We went there at 8 on a Saturday and the place was empty - not a good sign, over the hour it started filling up. The roti parata was too thick and undercooked. The mojitos were too sweet and syrupy. The noodle dish was ok but then the eggplant curry was bland. Finally they did a shoddy job of boxing the curry leftovers. I been to Straits 5-6 years when it was a hip happening place - think it's got to pot now and I don't thunk I'll go there again.
3.5 stars. After bullying me to tears recently, my mom felt horrible and decided to treat me to dinner as an apology. Never one to say no to free food, I came here on an empty stomach so I could inhale as much food as possible on her dime. We couldn't decide on one appetizer so we ordered two: Murtabak and Crab Wontons. Neither dish was particularly memorable; the Murtabak pales in comparison to Layang Layang's version and Chef Chu's makes way better Crab Wontons. We should have tried the Roti Prata instead - probably harder to screw up. The Beef Tandoori arrived as two huge skewers with beef cubes, veggies and pineapple (perfect for a post-dinner snack, if you know what I mean). Everything is served family style here but the skewers only came with one steak knife. ONE! The meat wasn't the tenderest either (albeit tasty). My sister and I almost developed hemorrhoids trying to cut our meat with butter knives like a couple of jackasses. When my sister complained that the Mee Goreng noodles were too spicy, our server offered to take the dish back and have the chef make a non-spicy version of it for us. How nice! Although stuffed, we decided to order dessert - a spongy green crepe filled with coconut shavings, pineapple (couldn't taste it) and topped with vanilla ice cream. My sister and I inhaled this like voracious beasts. I've been to the Straits in Santana Row many times, and prefer the Palo Alto location. Although it lacks the loud music, pitch-black darkness and lounge-y decor, the food is a notch better. But then again, who doesn't love free food?
When I received an http://opentable.com invite to Straits Cafe from a friend of mine, it took me a second to figure out why the name sounded so familiar.  I remembered going to Straits Cafe in San Francsco on Geary Blvd many, many years ago.  What happened to it, by the way? The Palo Alto location looks just as upscale as the San Francisco location did.  They have a small parking lot in the back and an even smaller sign pointing out that fact.  Driving down El Camino, I missed both, which resulted in an uncomfortable and lengthy u-turn. Our reservation for 6 pm last Saturday, but we showed up 15 minutes early, despite my inability to follow simple directions.  We were the only people in the restaurant when we got there.  The dining room looked absolutely pristine: white tablecloths, sparkling silverware and glasses.  "That's how they do Asian food in Palo Alto," I thought. On my way to the restaurant, I texted my friend and a Palo Alto native Elaine S. to ask her about Straits Cafe.  (Please DO NOT text and drive).  She suggested roti prata, which we promptly ordered as one of our appetizers.  As always, Elaine S. was right: roti prata was easily the best thing on the menu.  It was this doughy flatbread served with delicious curry sauce.  We did the right thing by ordering two - I wasn't willing to share.  We also ordered an appetizer sampler, which included 2 mini samosas, 2 chicken satays, 2 spring rolls and 2 tuna tartare crostini.  The tuna tartare with wasabi tasted tangy, hot and very unique.  The chicken satays and the spring rolls were not particularly excitng. For my entree, I went with my basic chicken Pad Thai with a side of brown rice.  The portion was huge; so huge that I couldn't even finish the whole thing.  Now THAT doesn't happen often.  The pad thai tasted just like one would expect, with a little bit more of a lemony, zesty flavor. For dessert, we had Pisang Goreng, or fried bananas with gelato.  It was a bit too sweet for my taste, but I guess that was kind of expected.  It was pretty good, but I don't know if I'd order that same dessert again.  I would gladly come back to Straits at any time, and perhaps I could even convince myself to try something other than Pad Thai.
This place looks ratty from the outside, but is nice on the inside and boy was the food good. I don't think I've ever been to a Singaporean restaurant before, but really enjoyed this place.  The menu is a nice mix of Asian cusine in a quiet, comfortable environment with good service. We had some roti prata to start, which was yummy and some samosas which were very good.   After that I had the spicy basil chicken which was very good and my friend had the ladyfingers sambal. I'll be going back.
I've been to the one in Santana Row, and I always remember it as being excellent, but it's not on the passport card like this one is. So then being that it's the value and we need somewhere to eat we decide to come here on a Sunday night. It's relatively empty and kind of in an odd location for a restaurant. The entrance is actually in the back of the restaurant along with the parking. Somehow the ambience is just not as nice as the other one, except for the bathroom, where the sinks are woks! Yeah seriously the sinks are so nice in the "this should be in Dwell magazine" kind of way. Between the 3 of us we ordered the garlic noodles, satay, pad thai, duck, and sweet and sour eggplant. The satay, chicken excellent with the peanut sauce, plain w/out. The lamb satays weren't very good, I don't think the meat was a very good cut. The eggplant dish was not very good at all, and was my choice of the night. It was just too sour, it would have been better to have a spicy thai style eggplant instead. Pad thai is just whatevers, I never really like it at all. The duck was far too salty. Overall the meal was ok. The company was good, but as with all outtings for me recently, it became a boy date. What's a boy date you ask? It's when you go out with 2 straight guys and they end engrossed the whole night about boy topics, ie. cars, computers, sports, etc. And you as the only girl end up pouting in the corner. But at least the night was salvaged with the passport card which allows 20% off the whole meal here.
Looking for flavor? Straits Cafe is the place to go! My sister has been working at Straits for about a month and she wanted to bring me here to try the food!  This review is not based on the fact that my sister works there!  LOL Last Friday my sister and I went to dinner to Straits! After having a little "sister bonding time" we discussed the menu, considering they have large portions we decided to get one main dish and an appetizer! The menu has a large selection of different types dishes; veggie, chicken, pork, beef, and fish. For the appetizer we opted for the Samosas, small triangles filled with different vegetables, accompanied my a flavorful curry sauce! So yummy! For our meal we selected the CHOW KWEY TEOW, in other words "Wok fried thick rice noodle with oyster sauce Soy sauce, fishcake, shrimps or chicken Egg, bean sprout, chive and shallot!" I must say, this place is very generous on their portion size! Not only are the generous, the food was incredibly tasty! Regarding the location. Well, we all know there is another Straits in Santana Row, which is a lounge/club/restaurant. Keep in mind that the Palo Alto location is very different! Much more quiet, family oriented, and better service. The service is quick and efficient! Price wise, they are pretty average for the Palo Alto area! I am excited and hope to go back and try more dishes!
LAMB KORMA = ORGASMIC! Service was absolutely professional. All staffs seen were men. It was a shocker for me and felt very different. I liked my experience with the customer service a great deal. All servers were charming and professional. It was my birthday and I was with my family, including my parents. I ordered my beverage. Even in the presence of my parents, they still asked for my ID. To some, that's bothersome. To me, that's admirable and acceptable professionalism. It's understandable and agreeable. I like that very much. On top of that, he did it in a very charming manner. Extra points! Had several types of martinis there. This ex-bartender(me) approves. All were excellent. I ordered the Lamb Korma. The meat practically falls off the bones. I like that. The curry was brilliant and well balanced. Straits Cafe and Straits Restaurant are the same.  Owners. Management and Menus are different. To be honest, this place. Prices are the same, but the quality and taste is different. Everything here is 10 times better than Santana Row. Yea, I still think Santana Row is the douchebag capitol of Silicon Valley.
Came here for dinner with Janette W. & Kelly T. with our significant others. This restaurant didn't seem as crowded as the one on Santana Row but that might've been because it was on a Sunday evening. But nonetheless, I was the first one there and was seated promptly 10 minutes before the reservation. My first drink, the mango mojito, tasted funny. I don't know if it's the mango juice or the mint or the alcohol but I didn't really care for it. My second drink, the Pink Ginger Lemonade, was very tasty. Since I'm avoiding deep fried foods, I ordered the garlic and pepper prawns since the description said it was wok fried. It came out promptly, looking delicious and deep fried. Concerned, I asked our waiter about it and he explained that the prawns were deep fried first and then finished cooking in the wok. I was disappointed. But the waiter told me he would make sure that my order (with a name I can't pronounce or spell but it's on the Chef's special and has noodles and fishcakes) would be light on the oil. I was quite pleased with the dish and how tasty it was. The oil was indeed much lighter since the noodles (like a chow fun type) typically have a more oily feel to it. Totally redeemed a star. The waitstaff was very attentive and didn't rush us at all despite our table being one of two in the entire restaurant after 8:50pm. It was a pleasant dinner with great company but I don't think I would come back often.
4.5 star rating- This place has wonderful customer service!  The staff pays attention to everything you have to say/ask and is extremely responsive.  The menu is extensive with both traditional and fusion-y type foods. Love the roti and the murtabak.  Samosas were a bit on the greasy side, but then again, they are deep fried.  The dipping sauce has some kick to it- all good things. Also tried: pohpia (surprisingly traditional which gets an A in my book), apple salad (fresh), laksa paella (omg, the laksa is tasty) and the chow kwey teow (it's on the specials menu, must try). Cannot wait to come again to try the hainan chicken- mostly curious to see if the rice is cooked in the traditional chicken fat way.  Does anyone know how it's cooked?
We came here for a group lunch and we were quickly seated... note the strong scent of blue sterilizer coming from the bathroom does not make a good first impression. Dishes here are normally served family style and was happy to see that they had a 4 sampler lunch choice for 18$$. The 4 sampler could easily be split between 2 people or save half for later. For the price, it seemed expensive but in retrospect you also get a lot of food. If you can't get to Santana Row then this is a fair substitute.
I like this Straits so much more than the San Francisco location inside Westfield.  For a chain, the food is surprisingly tasty.  The roti prata is solid, as are the fresh spring rolls and crab cakes.  I also love nasi goreng and they do a fine job here.  If you prefer noodles, get mee goreng.  Another dish with noodles that is good is halibut ho phun.  The lobster pad thai is pretty tasty, too, though I can tell the lobster is not the best quality.  Same for all the seafood, actually.  But, everything I have had is satisfying. Service is good.  They are very pleasant and all Crest smiles.  The atmosphere is not as hip as the S.F. one, but the food is immensely better.  I have my priorities straight:  better food wins every time.
As one of the two grown-up college kids in the family, I could say that we make every bit of an effort to have mismatched complicated schedules with each other. However, a meal once a day together, if not two, is something I plan the rest of my life around, if I can. Thus, we came here to Straits, one of our family's favorite restaurants (I've celebrated a few birthdays here), one frozen and empty night. We flowed into the quiet restaurant, followed shortly by a couple more families. This restaurant's ambiance falls into all the following: romantic, classy, and family oriented. I absolutely love the food, a fusion of Singaporean and Chinese. We typically order a whole bunch of appetizers (Murtabak is a favorite, but I don't eat beef anymore). We got Roti Prata (not as good as the authentic Chinese restaurant's we ate at the other day at Ranch 99), but the light curry sauce made it extremely scrumptious. We also got Crispy Calamari-- which didn't taste too fresh, and was too chewy. Ringed Calamari (like onion ring sized), isn't really a favorite. The Thai Iced Tea was also finished in about 5 sips and so sugary my eyes popped out. For the main dish we got duck and Mee Goreng, which were really fantastic. The duck was a little chewy, but fried to perfection, and the sauce and green crepes surrounding it really created flavor. The Mee Goreng had perfectly cooked tofu, but a little too much spice for my family's liking. We needed to order an extra two bowls of rice. Overall, the meal was delicious, and I will definitely come back for the duck and Mee Goreng again. On the other hand, the service was not perfect, seeing how there was not that many people in the restaurant. An old man nearby turned 100, with his children (who were like 60), and the waiter merely asked who's birthday it was, and plopped down an ice cream dessert. I would have wanted him to smile warmly and encourage the few people in the restaurant to sing, but maybe that's just me and my familiarity with Cheesecake Factory. Another plus: apparently Straits Cafe is the first certified "green restaurant" in Palo Alto. Not sure what that means in terms of what they have contributed, or if it was merely greenwashing (why must you print it out on every menu? on a detachable page?), but without a second glance, it sounds respectable to all the rich granolas in Palo Alto.
The food is delicious and the staff is extremely accommodating (I am allergic to spicy foods).  Most of the food there is very spicy but our server ensured that my food was prepared with mild flavoring.  I enjoyed my dining experience with the relaxing ambience and beautiful decor. I eat basically the same thing here as I do at the restaurant on Santana Row and always love the food, but enjoyed myself much more in Palo Alto because it does NOT host a loud drunken yelling contest.
When my friend suggested that we get together at Straits I was a bit hesitant considering I was not that impressed by the one at Santana Row. Nevertheless, we came here for an early dinner on Friday and I could not have been more pleasantly surprised! The staff were very attentive and the manager was super nice. Not to mention it's nice to not have to fight for parking on a Friday night in Palo Alto. Though we didn't try out their outdoor patio, it's a definite plus that they have one. The bartender was great and made some yummy cocktails for us and put cute little animals on the rim (I got a monkey and she got a camel). I'm happy to have found an alternative to downtown Palo Alto - can't wait to go back!
I've been here three times, and every time the food was delicious. I highly recommend the duck capitan. The duck is very tender, and it's served with some kind of thin, sweet bread/pastry shaped like a lattice on the side. It's very hard to describe, but it's really good. I also recommend the beef satay and samosas. Their desserts are also really delicious, and I especially liked the rice pudding. It has a lot of interesting flavors and isn't too sweet like most rice puddings. As far as the atmosphere, there's a nice covered outdoor seating area in the back, kind of like a patio. Inside, it feels more stuffy to me, like they normally cater to an older crowd. I've been here with just my boyfriend and also with a really large group (20+ people), and the service has always been pretty good -- not remarkable in either way. Straits is on the pricier end for not being a very fancy restaurant, but the food is worth it.
I have no idea why this restaurant gets low reviews.  Straits Cafe is another one of those "Love it or Hate it" places.  I, for one, love it.  I've been here several times and rave about the food each time I go back. I always get the Roti Prata as one of my appetizers and typically get the crab cakes as well.  I've had everything from the sea bass to the duck and have never had something that wasn't absolutely delicious. The service is great too but I've found that the secret is to ask for Sam.  This guy is hilarious and has a great personality.  He's got the menu down cold and can not only recommend a perfect multi-course meal but he knows how to accompany it with the perfect wine as well.  The last two times I've gone there I've left my entire meal to his discretion.  I didn't even ask for a menu! Everyone I take to Straits loves it.  Don't get it confused with other Straits Cafes like the one in Santana Row, this one has much better food.  I'll definitely be going back here again. True, its not the cheapest place to grab a bite but its definitely worth the money.  Be ready to pay upwards of $30 a person but that includes the quality wine and appetizers.  By the way, this is another place that has a great chocolate cake dessert.
My fiance & I were both expecting the menu at Straits Santana Row but this place was unlike any Straits we'd ever been to.  Same logo, some similar dishes, yet totally different experience. Service = 2 stars. I would give them 1 star but the hostess was very nice & friendly.  From the moment we sat down, the service went downhill.  We did a lot of waiting.  We wanted to order a bottle of champagne so we flagged down their wait staff.  He said that he'd alert our waiter but he never showed up. 15 mins later, we decided not to get a bottle. Instead, I ordered a lychee martini. Food = 4.5 stars * Roti Prata - mmmm so good. a little crisp on the outside, not too flaky, and soft on the inside.  The curry dip was amazing. * Lemongrass Pork Chops - must try! It's good for 1 person - served up w/rice so it makes a perfect meal for 1.  We wanted a more 'family style' serving but we made it work. 2 pork chops would have been better.  It only came with 1. * Spicy Garlic Noodles - DELISH!!! The garlic noodles here is 10x better than the garlic noodles at the Santana Row location. Location = 1 star Nothing special about this area.  The outside was ugly but the interior was nice.  They should invest some $ in beautifying the exterior of this place! We won't be back.  Much rather drive to SF, Burlingame, or San Jose.  The food was delicious but they lacked everywhere else.
2.5 stars..... The BF and I arent big on hyping up a commercialized holiday such as Valentines Day so we decided to head to a moderately priced restaurant for dinner. I have patroned Straits (on Santana Row) once before and was satisfied with my experience. When checking out the regular Straits menu online with the BF, we were both excited to check out the PA location on V-day. When we arrived, we were greeted with smiles and seated quickly. The atmosphere is cozy and somewhat romantic, I say somewhat because some tables are closely spaced togeether. We ordered drinks and waited to receive our menus. We waited a couple of minutes confused and asked our waitress if we could have menus. She pointed to this sad little print out in the middle of the table labeled Valentines Day specials. We were kind of disappointed to find that our options were so limited. There were three options of several courses each. Price ranged 30, 45, 60 per person. Dear Straits, Your pre-fixed Valentines Day menu was extremely lackluster. A word of advice, you can't drizzle you peanut and curry sauce on everything and expect it to taste good! You even drizzled the sauce over green apples and called it an exotic fruit salad!! On the plus side, the appetizers were good and the little chocolate dessert cake was divine. However, you only served it with one chocolate covered strawberry! It's dinner for 2 for God's sake!
My hippest NYC girl friend was in town for the weekend and I was torn on where to take her....after giving her some cuisine choices we settled upon Straits Cafe.  Now, rundown looking windowless buildings do not typically scream fine dining establishment, so as we pulled up to the Straits parking lot I was sure she was thinking, "oh poor dear Lindsay...she leaves NYC and is subjected to this!" However the "Oh my" that she exclaimed when the heavy wood doors were opened confirmed my hope that I could still show her a good time even if I am not the lively city girl I once was. We strolled through the radiant dining room where the light always seems golden too me and out onto the heated patio which is walled off for privacy but still gives the alfresco dining experience. The Roti here is worth a trip of its own....seriously...this fried greasy goodness with wonderfully flavorful curry dipping sauce would inspire me towards all sorts of out of character activities (like marathon running, chocolate fasts, and TVless nights) if for my reward I could feast upon Straits' roti.  The pepper steak was also delicious and the garlic mashed potatoes which accompanied it were unbelievably scrumptious.  We had a seafood green curry as well, but it was a little too spicy for us (which greatly pleased my husband who gobbled up the leftovers the next day).
Came here the other day with a friend who is a total vegetarian which is fantastic since I rarely eat meat.  On a Saturday night, the place was only about 1/4 full, with most sitting out in the courtyard. For appetizer, we shared the rota prata which is fine; the curry dipping sauce could be improved.  For an Asian restaurant, I expected more than four choices under the vegetable section.  (Out of the four, one even included dried shrimp puree which we had to ask to be taken out.)  At the end, we ordered the chap chye (cabbage stir-try) and sayor lodeh (vegetables in curry).  Both were fine but neither was extraordinary. The service was good overall.  The hostess was nice.  The bar staff was very friendly (while I was waiting for my friend, we ended up watching Barry Bonds attempting to break the HR record on TV together).  My friend ordered a green tea middle of the meal and we had to ask for it THREE times before someone (not our waiter) brought it to us. Our appetizer and dinner plates had so many black scratch marks on them which I didn't expect from a place like this. There are so many restaurants in the bay area that I want to try, so I probably won't come back here.
Im still a big fan however... I went with a group of gals for a birthday celebration.  We received the wrong crab and it was easily replaced but there were no shell crackers to eat the crab meat. At some point that manager came out and gave us a round of drinks.
Wonderful patio area - sit outside with heating lamps!  Wonderful atmosphere.  Order the Naan and... Read more 
Came here for a group dinner.  They were really accomodating, and I didn't notice negligent service for a table of 10, which is great.  Although, come to think of it, we did have to flag them down a few times to make our order. Anyway, overall, very nice.  The food was good - we had a whole bunch of appetizers, including the tuna tower, tuna mojitos, calamari, chicken satay, coconut shrimp (eh), among other things.  These were all fine, except for the coconut shrimp.  WAY too much coconut. I'm not even going to try with the main menu, since I couldn't pronounce any of the entrees anyway.  Suffice to say, the food was good, and great for sharing. The biggest drawback here were the prices.  I just can't bring myself to say this place was as good as Osha Thai (which has similar-ish food, even though this place bills itself as Singaporean, rather than Thai per se), but the plates were about 25% more expensive. Come for a date or a business meeting.  I think that is to say that it's not particularly great for either.
We had a little ole reunion that was originally slated for zibbibbo, but the invite list kept getting larger (thanks to "linked in"!), so we moved it to Straits during the zero hour. At first, after reading the yelp reviews, I was worried that the food wasn't going to be very good. However, I was pleasantly surprised with the space (we had the back part of the patio with the buddha fountain, which was very very pleasant), attentive service (uh, the drinks flowed a little TOO nicely), and delicious food, which we had set up buffet style (we had the $40 pp banquet menu). The salmon in particular was delectable. The drinks were great. The ginger magarita was tdf. The food prices are high, but we all had a lovely experience. First Course: Roti Prata - grilled Indian bread served with a curry dipping sauce Wok Roasted Mussels - cracked pepper, garlic and butter glazed Second Course: House Ginger Salad Third Course: Potong Kari Ayam - boneless chicken breast in a Singapore style yellow curry with baby carrots and Potatoes Ikan Pangang- salmon fillet topped with a spicy lemongrass, chili, and kaffir lime leaf sauce wrapped in a banana leaf and grilled Sambal Udang - prawns sauteed in a chili-shallot sauce Chap Chye - cabbage stir-fry with shiitake mushrooms, lily root, dried bean curd and bean-thread noodles Fragrant Jasmine Rice Fourth Course: Assorted Specialty Desserts Coffee or tea
I have only gone to the Palo Alto Straits for lunch, and it is always with my one work buddy. We love this place! Half indoor half outdoor, asian fusion food. We always get the Naan which is to die for! And I love the Tuna Tar tar tour, that is my favorite of all time! There are a couple dishes we've tried that were not so memorable though, maybe just not my pallet. I like the seafood and curry dishes. It is more expensive than most places but hey I can expense it to my job so I keep going back! Their drinks are pretty good too.
You're in stop and go traffic on the 101 heading North from Mountain View.  Your feet ache from a day of work.    Glancing at your watch, it's 6:57pm.  You're meeting your friends at Straits Cafe at 7 and you'll be late. You call a friend, but no, straight to voice mail.  Your stomach growls!  Arrr!!! Finally you take the exit on to El Camino Real.  3925 is the address you've written down.  The numbers slowly increase as you go up the blocks.  2750, 2875, 2930, 7000.  Wait!  7000!  You've gone to far.    You turn around, but to see you still can find the 3900 block of El Camino Real because the street is confusingly numbered. It's now 7:15, you're one quarter of an hour late and regretting skipping lunch.  You find 3925, but the Cafe is no where in sight.  Your friend calls, "why aren't you here yet, we're waiting."  After much confusion, you realize the street address you were given had two numbers transposed.  Not 3925, 3295!!! Exhausted, you meet your friends, a full 37 minutes late.  It turns out Nasi means rice.  The red vegetable topping your Halibut is pickled onion, not tomato as you expected.  Fantastic. The presentation is tremendous.   The chef personally delivers your meal, with a sense of pride on his face that is only matched by a child handing a parent refrigerator art. You question the cuisine.  Is it Thai?  Is it from Singapore?  Perhaps Indonesian? Your problems have melted away.  The stress is gone.  You are relaxed and full.  A wonderful meal with friends at Straits Cafe has made your belly full and your heart warm.
Straits cafe would be perfect if the waiting staff didn't always try to upsell me. It seems they are so well drilled in the necessity of upselling that they can't help themselves when it comes to the type of rice you order. "I'd like some rice please" "What kind of rice, sir? Coconut rice?" "Hmmm... what other kinds are there?" "Jasmine rice?" "Can we have plain steamed rice please?" "Jasmine Rice?" "Ummm yeah, OK." I've been there ten or fifteen times and they NEVER fail to push the coconut rice over the jasmine rice. And thats just the rice. Ask them for recommendations of ANYTHING and they never fail to recommend the most expensive items on the menu.... for example the Ahi tuna tower for starters.... Don't get me wrong, the food IS good, and i REALLY like it.... but the service is rather annoying. Oh yeah, and be careful if you go as a group. They get INCREDIBLY pissed if you try to pay with more than three or four credit cards, regardless of how much you've spent... And if you happen to be a Stanford grad student looking for a secluded date spot, forget it.... because you will always run into someone you know. not that thats a bad thing.... unless you have something to hide... which of course I don't....
Quick and dirty. Not the place, but this review. As far as I could tell this restaurant is not at all associated with Straits in SF and in Santana Row. So don't go expecting the same wow-factor. This place just doesn't have it. But it you are looking for a nice family dinner, or a decent date restaurant, it would fit the bill without over-exciting your great-grandma or your enginerd boyfriend. Personally, I like a little excitement. I was hoping for a little interesting people-watching at least. Zip. Zero. Zilch. At least the food was good. But not fabulous. Maybe I've eaten one too many times at Sino in Santana Row because I compared my food several times between the two places and Sino rises so far above Straits Cafe I felt disappointed with what I was eating. The food was well prepared but just not that interesting. Would I ever go back? Hells no. Boring just isn't my thing, baby.
I don't know why this is the worst Straits of the whole chain. Well actually I do know. The food isn't as good. The service is slow. The restaurant looks like nothing special on the outside, and isn't up to Santana Row standards for decor on the inside. And worst of all, no lemongrass mint soda! The shame... the shame... Don't get the $18 lunch where you get to order 4 items. Mysteriously they're all just okay...
Food was decent, yet overall experience sub par. Appetizer: I recommend the roti prata, but NOT the calamari (Macaroni Grill makes better calamari than they do).  The appetizer portions were very generous. Entrees: I got the Nonya Daging Rendang which I thought was really good.  The iron steak was cooked exactly medium as we requested.  The sauteed greens were savory.  Even the slice of tomato on it tasted good.  I hated that corn polenta thing though.  I prefer never eating corn polenta again ever in my life. Noodles dish: we got the Mee Goreng, which is supposed to be an indian style spicy noodles - HORRIBLE.  The noodles were WAY overcooked and there was too much sauce.  I hated it. Based on the above, food was about 2.5. Service: They need to hire a new hostess for Wednesday night.  The one I encountered last night was not friendly, and actually a little snobby (um, yeah you work at a Straits Cafe, not Masa's).  At first I thought my friend didn't make a reservation, her first reaction was "we don't take walk-ins in the dining room, you'll have to take an outside table".  Um, there were like 10 open tables in the inside dining room.  We also waited forever for our server to come over.  Although his service for the rest of the night was up to par. Surroundings: I think the restaurant technically belongs in "East" Palo Alto - since it's east of El Camino.  Well whatever it is geographically, apparently that area is not very safe.  So not safe that Straits Cafe had to put up a sign to warn its customers to NOT leave their laptops in their cars due to high occurrences of thefts. Based on the above two, I have to take 0.5 to 1 star away -- thus rounding up to 2 stars.
Location:terrible. Decor outside:falling apart and desolate. Decor inside:surprisingly nice-ish-nicer on the inside/outside needs some work. Appetizer-Roti - very good/very buttery. Entree - Chicken with peanut curry sauce and coconut rice:tasty.  Entree#2-Seabass:yuck, soaked in rice wine that OVERPOWERED everything and made me feel tipsy-NEVER AGAIN.
Had the char kway teow. doesn't taste authentic at all. Extremely plain and I was forcing myself to finish the plate. Also kinda pricey. I'd recommend Shiok kitchen down at Menlo Park over this anytime.
Went here for Valentine's Day dinner. They had a special set dinner menu, which included appetizer, salad, entree, dessert, and champagne! Awesome. Everything was a like a sampler so it was nice that we got to try a little bit of everything. Only downside was that since it was a fixed menu that night, the kitchen was just pumping out everything -- nothing was made to order so some of the food was lukewarm. And our salad was soggy! But the service was GREAT and our server profusely apologized and brought us out a different type of salad that the chef made  especially for us, and it was delicious! We ordered the Funky Monkey (SO freakin good, like a chocolate-covered banana - alcoholic milkshake version) & strawberry mojito (very good as well) and drinks were on the house because of the salad! The last time I went to Straits (the old one in SF on Geary) was many years ago so I'm not sure how the food normally is but I would probably come here again.
Until I met Straits, Mee Goreng was just an above-average instant noodle from Ranch 99 that my ex would make for me on command late nights freshman year.  I kind of miss playing Jabba the Hutt. I've been to Straits a few times and have tried a few dishes, and the Mee Goreng is the standout.  The noodles are cooked wonderfully, chewy and moist and loaded with spice.  I will be honest and say I wouldn't know an authentic Mee Goreng if it was hand-cooked and served to me by a Malaysian orphan, but I know tasty, and that dish is tasty.  The spring rolls are also pretty good here, as is the ahi tuna tower. The atmosphere is fun and very trendy California Asian Fusion if you're into that sort of thing.  Which I am.  The prices are not necessarily student-friendly - I've had many more Mee Gorengs from Ranch 99/the ex's microwave than from Straits - but they aren't terrible, and they're reflected in the setting and the food.
A little pricey but great food. I recommend the following. Roti parata Samosa Biryani - This is my favorite but wish the portion was a little bigger for $20 Mango soufle - Wow! The pad thai and the garlic noodes The presentation of the food is great.
I remember I used to like this restaurant a lot when I was in school. Their Roti and Mee Goreng never used to disappoint me. It was a nice treat once in a while to be able to dine here. Not sure if my taste buds had evolved or the quality of food actually went downhill. My recent visit had not been that satisfying. The Roti is still excellent. Mee Goreng and other dishes were not memorable. The Basil Chicken for lunch was actually kinda bad. Not sure what happened there. This Straits Cafe is under separate owner and the menu is different from the Straits in Santana Row. I can't say which restaurants I like better. For now they are both just 3 stars on my book.
Been to both Straits and I prefer this one over Santana any day! I like how it's smaller, quieter and less snooty. Our waiter went out of his way to make sure we were satisfied, it was refreshing service. The Roti Prata and Samosa's are superb - really enjoyed them both!!  The dipping sauce is so delicious, I could just drink that stuff straight! We shared a few dishes including the Origama Sea bass, Ayam Rendang and I was very excited about the chicken and not so much the sea bass. Although I appreciate the unique presentation of the parchment paper. Oh and the best part of this dining experience was the Lychee martini. One wasn't quite enough so I had to help myself to another!
Previous reviews had concerns about the service and I was concerned as this was my first time to the restaurant, but from the hostess to the busboys the service could not have been better. Ample parking in a private parking lot in the back, a bit confusing since the restaurant sits on El Camino Real, but the entrance is off of Lambert. Decided to sit in the mostly empty, quiet, open air outdoor patio as the dining room has low ceilings and, even though was only half full, made for a very noisy environment. Decor is nothing fancy (apparently won the first green environment award from the city of Palo Alto), and the patio reminded me of restaurants on Orchard Road in Singapore but without the heat, humidity, or the working girls. Food was spectacular, started off with Roti Prata appetizer which is grilled Indian flat bread (kinda like Nan) with a delicious curry dipping sauce. Bread could have been a bigger portion and a bit crispier, but the curry was phenomenal- just spicy enough to give a nice bite. Sticking with the spicy theme, had the not-to-over spicy Garlic Chili Pepper Chicken and the Green Bean Sambal (stirred fried beans with chili, ground dried shrimp, and shallots) over a bowl of ala carte brown rice. Everything I had was melt in your mouth delicious. All the food was served family-style so the portions easily fed two people with enough left over to take home. Cost was a bit more pricy than I anticipated but it was consistent with the quality and quantity of the meal. Next time I want to try the Chili Crab to see if it matches up with the Singaporean restaurants I've been to in that country. If the menu featured drunk shrimp, the place would be perfect.
Pretty good Singaporean food... I have to admit that when I first walked in, I was dubious that I was going to get anything authentic here, but they sure proved me wrong. I loved the po pia, roti prata, crab cakes, halibut ho fun, hainan chicken rice... and lotsa more. I had a great time here. The food was great and affordable priced too!
Straits, both in P.A. and in Satan's Row, have a distinct following for reasons I just don't quite get. The food is good, but not outstanding, the atmosphere in both is attractive, if hardly practical; and yet, there are butts in seats. My butt, however, will most likely not return. For one, I can't fathom how not one of the 8-10 reviews I read mentioned anything about the jet-engine testing lab noise level at the Palo Alto branch. From across the table, I couldn't hear the other person speaking. Criplingly-loud. Not terribly surprising since there isn't a soft surface anywhere in the place (hard floors, hard ceilings) with the exception of a curtain used to create "private" dining spaces. Their staff, with the exception of a few servers, don't exactly have that prime-grade "warm and fuzzy" demeanor about them; hostess in particular. Our work-around? Eat in the bar. If you're thinking about going, I'd say give it a shot. Bring noise-canceling headphones, and your American Sign Language quick reference card, and you'll be fine.
Straits is one of the defacto after work choices since it's super close to the office for me.  It's pricey and mediocre for dinner, but the drinks are great, the service in the bar area is fantastic, and the appetizers are perfect with some of the more interesting drinks.   My favorite drink there is ginger lemonade with gin, a sprig of mint and a splash of pinapple. Really this place disappoints for dinner, but for drinks and apps it's a really solid choice
I like this Strait's Cafe better than its other locations but it's a bit difficult to find while driving down El Camino.  Just remember, when going south on El Camino, make a u-turn around Boston Market and turn right at the first lane.  They have a private parking at the rear. This location does not have the little meat market scene found in its Santana Row sibling.  I like the spaciousness because that also means they can accomodate large groups, if need be.  The low noise level allows decent dinner conversation. There's a separate bar area right by the entrance, where you can sip drinks as you wait for the other tardy dinner folks (or where everyone waits for you...)  Outdoor seating is also available and it's covered and heated during the colder months. One of my friends has been there so many times and he swears by the Origami Sea Bass and Spicy Garlic Noodles.  I liked the Beef Pendang and wouldn't mind more trips to try out the rest of their menu. (I did kind of feel bad for our waiter because we didn't really order a lot for dinner...)
A bit expensive for the food that you're getting, but overall, Straits is a decent restaurant with a few stand-out dishes. The exterior of the restaurant is questionable; I've passed it many times before and never noticed it.  Had "Cafe" not been on the sign, I never would have guessed it was a restaurant. The ginger lemonade was a bit too sweet and didn't have enough ginger flavor.  We shared the samosa appetizer, which was unmemorable.  For our entrees, we shared the lemongrass beef, Mee Goreng, and spicy basil chicken.  The lemongrass beef was a bit dry and didn't have much flavor; in fact, even though the menu said it was supposed to have a spicy lemongrass sauce, it was the least spicy of all the dishes we had.  The Mee Goreng was excellent, and the basil chicken was very good. For dessert, I was given a chocolate cake with vanilla ice cream and strawberries as a surprise for my birthday.  The cake was dense and a bit dry at the same time, but the ice cream and strawberries were good.  The service was very slow even though there weren't many people in the restaurant (even on a Friday night), and I noticed servers standing around doing nothing. Overall, most of the food was good, but there were some things that were off, and the meal was more expensive than I think it's worth.
Food was delicious! We recently dined with a large party of 10 and did the pre-selected menu with great results! The appetizers were delicious and be sure to try the Roti Prata! Entrees were perfect, I especially enjoyed the Singaporan Chili Crab. Definitely a great spot to try for sure. Make sure you get the garlic noodles as well!
Eh - nothing too special.  My friend and I ate outside despite the weather - and it was actually really warm, I had never seen so many heat lamps in my life - the outdoor part of the restaurant is quite large and would be a fun place for a really, really, really large group to just take it over. The menu is nice and big but I had such a hard time deciding what to order - I was hungry but some of the $25+entries just seemed like they would be too much food.  I opted to go with the spinach salad with prawns and the roti.  The salad was good but the roti was really, really good.  My friend and I just thought it was sooo tasty and addicting it was hard to stop eating it.  By far the roti bread was not the healthiest on the menu, but wow -- really good. Maybe this place is better shared with a big group and big appetites -- as the dishes seemed large and over-priced and served family style.
I was contemplating whether I should give this place a 2 or 3 stars and decided to be a little giving. 3 stars it is. I've been to Straits for about 4 or 5 times and mainly because it was chosen by friends for their special occasions. the reason why i'm giving it 3 stars instead of 2 is because the food is not that bad. If anyone have read my previous reviews probably picked up a few hints that I'm a gal who expect good service when it comes to fine dining. I don't just pay for overpriced food to be having to wait for more than 20 minutes to get my order in and have my appetizers come out last (yes, after the main entrees). Big No-No. Even the 2 tables next to ours didn't get served and everybody seemed to be very hungry waiting for the waitresses to come around. This was during lunch hour and it was not packed at all. We see the waitresses be wandering around doing anything but waitressing. As to the bust boys, they refilled water to very selective tables. They would skip our table and going to the next when our glasses were almost emptied. We asked for more lettuce and it never came out. Though I'd have to say that Straits is one of the better restaurants in Santana Row.
Food is great but the service needs some work it took forever to get a drink the other night an the place was half empty
As this is close to my company I've come a few times for lunch. I usually get the 4-sample lunch special which is extremely fulling and great bang for the buck @ $19 (and probably rate it at 4 stars). So, this time I decided to try something else.  The Roti Prata ("nan" bread) was fine, as expected and should be.  I tried the appetizer Ahi Tuna Tower (Ahi sashimi jewels tossed with ginger and kaffir lime leaf served with taro chips).  It failed to impress with overbearing ginger taste.  The chips tasted like deep fried tortilla chips, or those lame wonton chips at Chinese restaurants.  Oh well, should've stick to other appetizers. For my main lunch, I tried the Potong Kari Ayam  (Boneless chicken simmered in Singapore-style yellow curry)  It disappointed immensely.  The chicken was dry and just mainly chicken in some yellow sauce.  There was hardly any other veggies or potatoes to help the dish. So, overall this was disappointing. If I stick to the regula lunch special sampler, that would have been good....
Had the curry here, nothing to write home about. The service was decent, the prices were high (lunch). Was there for a work lunch.
Boo...this place used to be great, what happened?! I took a friend here a few months ago after having great experiences in the past. However this time, not only was service lacking, but the food was less than desirable. We ordered the usual me-goreng noodle dish and a chicken curry. The chicken was dry and the noodles were so greasy it made me ill. Whatever drink I ordered was pretty subpar as well, yet quite expensive. Our server either had a hearing impairment or was not paying attention, as I had to repeat everything I asked/ordered multiple times. We had to beg for more water and waited for over 20 minutes to get the damn check. UGH
The fact that this place has the nerve to charge about $8 for roti (read: BREAD) as an appetizer tells you pretty much all you need to know about this place. The food is tasty, just typical "fusion" fare priced ridiculously for the quality and portion size, even by Palo Alto standards.  If I'm going to be charged this much at least give me an ocean view with my seafood, damn it! P.S.  The roti at Shiok in Menlo Park is $4.  Half the price, yo!
Very disappointing considering the high prices (~$25 for entrees). I was with a relatively large party (12 of us in total), and we received terrible service.  We were seated promptly (bonus!), but it took a little while for us to have our drink and dinner orders taken.  We were clearly confused and asking the waiter for help ordering (always tough to order family style with a large party), but we received none. We went with ~10 entrees and 3 appetizers, and only about half of the entrees were winners.  I've been to the Santana Row/San Jose location and the San Francisco location (before it closed), and the food was much better at those locations.  To start, we had the tuna tower, scallops and roti; I don't eat scallops but the others were great.  For dinner, we had the pepper steak, pad thai, lamb korma, Singaporean chicken rice, origami sea bass, garlic noodles, spicy sauteed shrimp, spare ribs...and other things, I'm sure I'm missing.  The only things I particularly liked were the pepper steak (which was surprisingly small) and pad thai.  Everything else was fine but not great.  We had the banana fritters, chocolate ginger cake and chocolate truffle cake; I'm not a chocolate fan but I enjoyed the banana fritters. So food was pretty good but the service was pretty bad.  It was tough for us to ever flag anybody down for service, and whenever they brought us dishes, they would bring them to the table and stand there; we were constantly clearing/stacking and moving around our dishes.  I don't mind helping when the food comes out, but they weren't clearing our plates fast enough for us to have room for the new dishes...and they weren't particularly trying to clear our dishes.  Also, it was highly annoying that the waiter served everyone at the table wine except for me...totally unexplained. It's definitely where you go for "nice", white tablecloth Asian food but it isn't the best or best value.
The food is good, especially the appetizers, but the prices are not. The coconut shrimp are great, as is the sinister-sounding murtabak, but at $14 and $10 it is a bit painful.  The main courses run from $15 to $35 with seafood served to you OAC.  I feel like a bit of a schmuck paying so much when many of the dishes are Thai and there are a ton of cheap decent Thai places around. The service is decent enough and the decor is nice and a surprise given the nondescript exterior.  Still, it seems like an expense-account place instead of a go there with friends place, especially since this location isn't really good for just dropping by like the SF or SJ locations.
Actually had a very nice lunch here to-day . The only problem was that the hostess forgot to put on her pants /trousers under her top. Seriously do you need a hostess showing clients to their tables wearing practically nothing.  Her outfit was not appropriate for a restaurant such as yours !!!!
A few years back... one of my regular spots in san francisco was straits cafe.... very consistent, excellent service and most importantly, close to my apartment. Now I'm a peninsula type... and thought it'd be nice to rekindle my straits romance.  Been here twice, and I just couldn't get the feelings going again.. sure, there's things that are excellent... the roti prata is amazing (then again, I'm sure it's just butter drenched bread... how can that taste bad), but overall, the food was really uneven. If you're there... it's fine... it's a nice place, the service is very good, they have a good drink menu... the food is just ok.
Malaysia eh? Here, finally is the Indian food restaurant that tastes like there are actually people in India with moola. I have had such a difficult time understanding why all Indian food tastes wrong. Now finally there's a classy upscale asian fusion restaurant I can relate to that actually gets some authentico correct. I had the Prawn Nasi Goreng with Olives. Outstanding and something I've never had before. It was bomb-diggity. A fried rice that tastes just an inch beyond steamed, with delicious bits of olive and other vegie delicacies. It didn't even need sauce. Just pure delight in a big bowl. They also serve lassi here. I can stand a lassi every once in a while, and I know some folks who especially dig the salty lassi. I'll pass. Give me the Thai tea, thanks. So yeah. Straits, which is a large and plush restaurant despite it's appearances from the El Camino Real side, is definitely high end exotic. But I still wonder why they don't serve boba.
Food - 4 Service - 4 Ambience - 3.5 I had my birthday party there earlier this year and thought the food was delicious, the service was attentive and the atmosphere was lovely. I prefer this location over the one in Santana Row. Have not been to the one in SF.
I came here about a year ago with co-workers at a conference.  The place definitely doesn't look like much from the outside, with the glass-block exterior.  We were expecting the place to look a lot prettier, I guess, so we weren't expecting much.  We were, however, very pleasantly surprised. As for the food, I have two words: Roti prata. This flaky, fried bread served with mild curry sauce was divine.  I could have had this as a main dish and been perfectly happy.  I don't recall exactly what else we had, as there were numerous dishes and about 40 other people there, but I do remember that the sea bass, chicken satay and coconut rice were all very good, combined with delicious white wine.  I would definitely go here again with friends, to try some of the other menu items.  Despite the odd-looking exterior, definitely give this place a chance.
Came here for a firm lunch, and it was good Singaporean/southeast Asian food. Not sure if this restaurant is affiliated in any way to the Straits at Santana Row, but the food here is way better (and more authentic instead of being super fusion-y, blech). I think I was also taken here on my callback interview. Double yay!
Tasty but not appetizing... does that make sense? I think we ordered wrong because I have been here before and I have been to the one on Santana Row and both times were better than this. Our meal was good tasting but the sauces were very thick and the presentation was not impressive. It looked like the noodles were just dumped straight from the pan to the bowl. We ordered the garlic noodles (which i WOULD recommend) and some kind of lamb with potatoes. The lamb was alright, but again very saucy and there was a lot of fat. I understand that lamb is a fatty meat but because the dish was drenched in sauce I could not see what was fat and what was not until I put it in my mouth...yuck. The place is a pretty good size, especially considering what it looks like from the outside. The decor is nice and the vibe is good. I think I will give this place another chance, but I gotta say I was quite disappointed.
Disclaimer:  I didn't actually eat here. I just walked inside to check out the ambiance in case I wanted to come here later.  It looked pretty nice, like a romantic kind of place. There was a picture on the wall of Bill Clinton and the restaurant staff.  I asked the host about it and he said Chelsea had her graduation party here when she finished Stanford.  pretty cool.
I loved the food here.  Their dishes have very authentic flavors.  Loved the salmon wrapped in banana leaf and the sauce on it.  Their olive rice was super, and their ladyfingers somethingortheother was really good and spicy too.  I even liked the green curry they served with their roti appetizer. We had a large group and the service was friendly and accommodating.  I only give this place a 4 because the prices are quite high and there were a couple of dishes which didn't quite click (pad thai and garlic noodles).  But it's definitely a place I'd go back to.
Pros: absolutely delicious food! Cons: Can be a little loud and noisy - not good for a quiet romantic dinner.  Also pricey, but worth it.
A good-looking restaurant with mediocre food and taste.  Ok to impress people who are more into restaurant ambience and food presentation than how Singaporean dishes should actually taste like. I have no such party to impress so haven't been back. Yeah, calling it Asian Fusion is more appropriate in this case.
This review is mainly for the clubbing experience. Pros: no cover charge, diverse crowd Cons: small dance floor, pricey drinks, closes early Like I said, I always go clubbing with good company so I usually find myself entertained regardless. I have to say though that the music isn't really great. I also think Strait is in a pact with other lounges and clubs: they would close early so all their patrons will continue their night elsewhere within walkable distance after getting hammered at Strait. I would come back because this place has many fond memories for me. One time my friend showed up for dinner but the kitchen was close. The chef actually offered her free food. I'm more convinced it was because of her charm than anything else, but it was a very nice gesture. The food was OK as I remember.
I used to frequent Straits a lot back in college. After all, there are really only 2 options for "Singaporean" food in the Palo Alto area. I use the term "Singaporean" loosely, with quotes, since a lot of the dishes on the menu are more fusion-y than authentic. Recommendations: -Roti Prata (great textur and excellent curry for dipping) -Singaporan chili crab (it's spicy!) -Lobster Pad Thai -Lychee Martini The ambiance is great for a date or a nicer dinner out with friends. You can also choose to sit outside in the courtyard, since they have heat lamps. Note: The main entrance can be hard to spot, so this is where your GPS comes in handy. For a more authentic Singaporean experience, I would recommend Shiok in Menlo Park. Otherwise, Straits is good for a nicer occasion if you don't mind spending a bit more for somewhat more fusion-y food and a slightly more upscale experience.
Atmosphere: nothing like Santana Row! Although, bathroom had potential...(is it good to prefer hanging out in the bathroom vs. the main dining room? softer lighting, atmosphere music...) Food: okay...nothing special (ceasor salad had potential in the description given the addition of coconut...but fell shy of wowing since it was just coconut sprinkled on top (I am inspired thought...I'm going to make a coconut ceasor at home adding a little coconut cream to the dressing, coconut shavings and papaya). Chicken Pod Thai was generous...shared with a friend and we weren't able to finish it.  Calamari appetizer was too greasy for me. Highlight by far was the coconut ice cream w/ papaya for dessert! Service: adequate
I went to Straits later in the evening with a group of 20. We were presented with only the special group menu. We weren't particularly in the mood for a 5-course meal at that hour, especially for $40 a head, so we asked for the regular menus. We were warned the food might take a long time. No problem. At this point, the service became awkwardly passive-aggressive. We were made to believe that any sort of request was a major chore, even though everything was served fairly efficiently. As for the food itself, it was pretty good. I had the lamb stew. I forget the actual name of it, but it was sort of like an Asian take on Irish stew. The lamb itself was outstanding, very lean and mild tasting. The stew was somewhat spicy, leaving my mouth with a nice warm feeling halfway through the dish. The potatoes and vegetables could have stood out a little more. I'd give them 4 stars if not for the hostile service.
Horrible service.  I had to HUNT down service in an empty restaurant.  Our table of 5 was left alone without service IN AN EMPTY RESTAURANT WITH LOTS OF STAFF.  I had to ask for my coke a million times, and it was finally brought to me in a tiny cup for which I had to beg for a refill a million times unsuccessfully.  Horrible food.  How can Asian food be so tasteless??  They also charged us for a dish we never received (they simply forgot - again).  No wonder their business has declined and it was empty for dinner.  Won't be going back.  Too bad.
Last night, I dropped by for a networking event.  It was held on the outside patio at 7pm, a bit too close to dinner for comfort.  So, I ended up grabbing dinner inside first. It was my first time at this Straits and the menu surprised me.  It's so different from the one on Santana Row like others have mentioned.  If anything, I think the menu here is more interesting and less like dressed up bar food. I'd made myself a reservation at 7pm and despite the over flowing parking lot, the place was quite empty, with maybe 5 out of 30 tables occupied.  The service was reasonably polished, if a bit slow.  It took about 5-10 minutes for somebody to take my appetizer order, which was their sampler platter.  It came out with a nice assortment of appetizers, a couple of chicken skewers, a spring roll, some tuna on a chip, and a deep fried wrap of some sort.  There was bowl of peanut sauce in the middle that seemed to work wonders on everything. While polishing off the platter, I saw the next table had also ordered one, so it must be one of the better items on the menu.  My waiter checked on me a few times, but since it took a while to even get my platter, I passed on dinner and headed to my event.  I'd tabbed out at $17 with tax and tip for the appetizer.  It's not exactly cheap, but since it managed to fill me up, I thought it's a pretty decent deal for dinner. Otherwise, the weather was fantastic so it was quite enjoyable in the covered patio until I left at 9:30pm.
A cut above other fusion places like E&O in terms of quality of ingredients but it suffers from the same humdrum flavors and seriously lacking service as the others. Straits does do a pretty nifty strawberry mojito but I don't think they use fresh strawberries (maybe in June or July) so it rings of freezer burn .... too bad because the idea sounded cool. We had the Roti Prata...kinda in between the flaky thin style at Thai restaurants and a thicker Naan bread at Indian restaurants. I'm not sold on the middle ground they've taken up with this dish though. The curry dipping sauce is just okay and doesn't add much to the roti's flavor. Try Saffron in San Carlos for some seriously awesome naan and dipping sauces instead. Overall, just another fusion place that may hit the spot if you can't or don't want to get yourself to SF for the real deal but not interesting enough to make it a standard in my playbook.
I take it back.  I now know that this Straits does belong to the "restaurant group" as some informed citizen cleared it up for me via a personal message through yelp. Everything else still stands.
This homespun version of Straits has decent food that is, overall, the same quality as the shi-shi... Read more 
Came here with a large group of 30 people. The service improved significantly from the last time I was here, but unfortunately that's all that improved. I had the samosas appetizer and satay chicken. The samosas were completely inauthentic. They used a springrole-type wrapper and it was soaking in grease. I had to ask for extra napkins because so much grease was coming out of it. The chicken satay also wasn't good. The chicken was rubbery and not cooked correctly. I ordered the "Potong Kari Ayam" which is described as boneless chicken simmered in Singapore-style yellow curry with carrots and potatoes, $12.50. For starters, the presentation was lacking compared to the elaborate presentation of the other dishes. It looked like a bowl of yellow soup with parsley garnish on top. The first thing I did was discard the garnish. Please don't ever put parsley garnish on something. The portion was tiny - I counted four small chunks of chicken, three small cubes of potato, and one small sliver of carrot. For $12.50, that's a real problem. The curry was totally bland. It had no flavor, not even any salt. The chicken was dry and tasteless, no seasoning. The potatoes were undercooked and also had no flavor. The dish was not well integrated. It tasted like someone just mixed a few ingredients and put some curry over it. It was not even served hot. Not served with rice either. After eating the few pieces of chicken and the one piece of carrot, obviously I was not full so I tried some of the lamb from the person sitting next to me. The lamb was FUCKING AWESOME. It was cooked perfectly, well seasoned, not dry at all, and the sauce was amazingly good. This made me hate my dish even more because the restaurant obviously has the ability to make really good food, but for me, they didn't. Nobody in my group really liked their dishes. Other people complained about dry chicken and bad vegetables. Pros: + Really nice presentation on most of the dishes (pretty much all except mine) + Very good service this time. Everyone got what they ordered, no mistakes, and they even refilled our drinks. + Nice interior decor. Cons: - Extremely extremely overpriced. Most of the dishes are around $20 or more. You're going to leave hungry and the food isn't that good (except for the lamb which was THE AWESOME). - A lot more effort is put into presentation and artistic design than into the taste and quality of the food. Presentation is nice, but I'm here to eat and I can't eat presentation. If your food isn't good, then dressing it up fancy isn't going to make a difference. They seem to forget that people need to eat what they serve.
I came here today with a group from my office for a birthday party lunch. There were around 16 of us... Read more 
See my review of the San Jose one: http://www.yelp.com/biz/... Then substitute "reality tv singles scene" with "business people".  Unfortunately business people are no fun to watch. They tend to be pretty reserved, they're brokering some power deal, and they rarely break out into drunken shenanigans while trying to pick on other patrons at the next table. Kinda boring. So if you're looking for a fusion/contemporary Singaporean/Malaysian place where you can hold a conversation come here. If you're looking for raucous people watching hit the San Jose one. The food is pretty identical. The ambiance however is quite the opposite.
I give the Palo Alto location 4 stars.  I give the Santanna Row and Burlingame locations 3.  The Santanna Row location sucks because the service is not so great.  The only redeeming quality about that location is that I once got a free drink and dessert because my friend knew the waiter.  Otherwise, everything I tried was gross.  It has a pretty happening bar scene. The food at the Burlingame location was fine and the place is pretty but they were playing hip hop and top 40 very loudly during dinner.  I don't have a problem with that kind of music but it didn't fit the mood of the place. The Palo Alto location is in a weird location but the service was good and the food tasted better.  I don't know why but if you're going to Straits, go to this one. straits serves chili crab and black pepper crab which not all singaporean places have.  pretty tasty but i need to be in the right mood to deal with the effort involved in eating crabs.  the seabass was very good as was a calamari dish i had.  the green curry was ok.
The food is great, but the prices and service is pretty crappy. we went today to lunch, and started out with the roti prata, which, as always was yummy. i ordered the seafood claypot, which i must admit was super tasty and my coworker had the four item lunch deal, that seemed tasty and plentiful.  the servers, however were really careless and almost spilled my leftovers on my lap, but my napkin got in the way. all in all, food is good but they need to work on their service and some more reasonable lunch items.
Nice ambiance with good food. The curries are delicious, especially the parata appetizer with the sauce. Yummy! Good drinks! Nice staff.
It has been several years since I first went here and frankly was a bit nervous returning seeing the recent reviews. But I've been wanting the hubby to try it and finally got an opportunity the other day since we were in the area. Having said that, I don't know if we were just hungry or there was just too much on the line for people having gone there for Valentine's Day, but this place was even better than I remembered. I say this because I don't normally eat curry anymore (since I saw my cooking spoon permanently go from light blue to green when my friend cooked it), but the hubby really wanted to try the beef curry with papaya and I ended up loving the dish. First time in over 10 years I've eaten curry and what a way to enter back into the curry foray! The beef was fork tender! It was a mild curry so those who love more heat may be disappointed, but I liked it. We started off with some crab wontons - normally would say ordinary but with their ginger sauce took it to another level. YUM is all I can say about the black pepper lobster. I suppose messy is another word since you do have to crack it yourself, but who cares? It's LOBSTER all buttery and full of salty/peppery goodness. Service was excellent.  We weren't crazy about our wine and the dessert was on par (banana fritters with gelato) with many other places that have served the same thing so the place didn't get my full blessing yet. But there are so many dishes I could've had but we'll have to go back another time soon to feast.
Once upon a time, before I started yelping, this was my favorite place to eat in Palo Alto.  The food was fresh and exciting.  The service was impeccable and the eating area was clean and well kept. Sadly, this place has gone down hill since its golden age.  The recipes seem unchanged, but the execution is off.   Things seem a little too greasy/heavy and the spices seem a little off.  Some dishes come a little soggy and some come a little dried out.  I would particularly avoid the fixed price lunches. The maintenance of the restaurant has also gone downhill.  The paint in some areas seems like it is crumbing and the lacquer in others seems like it needs attention.  The restaurant just feels like it is being poorly maintained. The service is not very attentive and poor.  Good luck finding your waiter if he is not taking your order or delivering the bill.  What makes this more galling is that the service can be poor even if the restaurant is not crowded. Also, despite these flaws, the prices are pretty steep. On the plus side, roti paratha is delicious and accordingly any place that does a halfway descent roti paratha deserves 3 stars.  Happy hour is a big plus and the outdoor seating is a big plus.  But, the place is definitely overpriced for the level of execution.
Not bad. As written, the service was most excellent. We had a Ginger Drop and the Napasaki. Both very nice. Opted for the Murtabek and Asparagus Tempura - both excellent / good dipping sauces. Entrees - Laksa Paella. This had abalone & shrimp. A top 5 paella for me. Leftovers tomorrow! We also had the Duck Kapitan. Again, an excellent breast with a confit leg. Sweet fried lace potato edible garnish and beets that were somewhat rubbery. Fried banana with ice cream for dessert. Wine list is limited - Pinot Grigio and a Merlot - both a little flat tasting. Not top tier or even middle tier for $9 a glass. But yeah, the food was flavorful. We will go back. Want to try the Papaya Salad for sure. The ribs looked yummy.
The Palo Alto location is not quite as inviting, and from the outside it looks a bit run down.  It really doesn't even seem like the same Straights in Santana Row or SF. The food here is not bad, but the portions are small and the prices are quite outrageous for lunch.  Of course, it is considered to be a more high end restaurant, so I suppose the high prices are a bit expected.  If you're paying this much though, I expect much better service, atmosphere and food too.  There's really nothing to rave about, and I can get better Singaporean cuisine elsewhere without having to empty my wallet.
Hard to say if this is really Singaporean food.  Having been to Singapore, the entire island is now dominated by industry and an influx of other cultures.  I couldn't really say if there is a Singaporean style besides just a fusion of every part of Asia.  A lot of Chinese and Malaysian influences. I haven't been to the restaurants in that mall in SF or Santana row, but this place doesn't feel like in belongs next to a PF Changs if you know what I mean. Definitely felt like a solid upscale dining restuarant with a really nice indoor-outdoor patio.  Very quiet even though its right along the El Camino. Had a 50% off discount so I wasn't too worried about the prices, but I think I remember that it would have been pretty expensive without.
Pad Thai is sweet.  Roti, made from frozen chinese pan cake? crab is always good though
Made the mistake of stopping in this week and assuming it would be a similar experience to the other Strait's Cafe's in the city.  Boy, what a mistake. Sat down and ordered drinks for 2 of us.  First one came out soon after, but the other one didn't come until well after the appetizers had arrived, which was a bad way to start the night.  It was one of their specialty cocktails, so shouldn't have been new to the bartender, and it's not like it was a busy night -- the restaurant was maybe 1/3 full at most. In retrospect, the drinks were the best part of the meal.  We ordered crab cakes and calamari for appetizers.  Both were OK - nothing special, for sure.  The calimari was somewhat soggy and bland. The entrees were much worse.  We ordered the "chef specialty" pork loin, which was so dry and tough it was like eating cardboard.  I can't believe they have the gall to call it a specialty dish.  Also ordered the laksa paella, which was largely mushy, soggy rice with no texture and very little seafood.   All in all, completely uninspiring and NOT even close to the quality of the food in other sister restaurants. Next time, make the trip to one of their other locations.  This one is not worth it.
I ate here (in the outside area) with a team of about 25 people from work.  I'm a bit surprised by the earlier reviews, because our experience was pretty largely positive! Service was quite good, food was uniformly tasty (tuna tower... yummmm!), the special lemonade was a bit sweet but quite refreshing, and the roti... mmmm! Is this authentic Singaporean?  Well, it sure didn't resemble much of what I ate during my week in Singapore earlier this year -- either in flavor or in price (Singapore is waaaaaaay cheaper!). And maybe I'd feel differently if I had had to pay for this meal out of my own pocket.  But overall, I quite enjoyed this lunch.  I also rather liked the dinner I had at the Straits Cafe in San Francisco, which included some heavenly desserts!
I have been a Straits fan for years, sometimes eating at the Geary location once or twice a week...I mourn its passing, that's for sure!!!  I've eaten once at Palo Alto - the food seems about the same at all locations - I love the samosas - think they are the best I've had anywhere in the world, INCLUDING India.  The ahi tuna tower is great and I really like those spicy peppery mussels though they don't appeal to all.  For entrees, I like the sea bass, the ribs and the lamb....I recently ate at the new Straits at Westfield Center and found it so noisy, we couldn't hear each other talk.  Same at the Burlingame location in late October - and the service there was just terrible...orders forgotten, NEVER brought. And the ginger drop martini didn't even taste like ginger!!! Etc, etc....at least this wasn't the case at the Palo Alto locale. It seems, over the years, prices are going up, and quality is going down at this restaurant that used to be one of my favorites in San Francisco....maybe expansion isn't such a good thing!!!  At least, in terms of quality.
I enjoy going to Strait's Cafe, though I don't always feel like the food lives up to the price. They have a smaller more focused menu that other southeast Asian restaurants, though not all their entrees are gems. On my last visit, the ahi tuna had a very delectable sauce that I felt compelled to get every last morsel up, and the tuna steaks were very tasty, though $28 seemed a little much for their size. The beef rendang was not very flavorful and went unfinished. The Fuji Apple and Prawn Salad was one of the better salads I've had. The jicama base was much more enjoyable than I had expected and the apple mint vinaigrette was a top notch dressing. I was also very impressed and surprised by the Kueh Dadah crepes. Its not often that a crepe dish wows me anymore, but the caramelized shredded coconut inside these was a very original and tasty filling, and the pineapple palm sugar sauce was a great complement.
Really good food.. don't be fooled by the outside. When we pulled up to this place, it looks kind of seedy... but the food was amazing! From the satay to the roti canai to the lamb for the main course. MMMMMM we actually took home what we didn't eat ( have to be secretly relieved that the folks we were with didnt put up a fight) We heard from our friends that this is actually a chain of the same. I loved the food here, would go back in a heartbeat.
The food at this Straits Cafe is completely different from the one on Santana Row.  I haven't been the to Straits in San Francisco so can't compare it to that. This Straits is generally a busy place during lunch Mon-Fri.  The food is really good and reasonably priced.  If you come during dinner the place will be pretty quiet and you can have a nice relaxed meal. The menu will be familiar if you've been to other Singaporean restaurants.  You have your noodles, curries, stir-frys, etc.  The flavors here seem a little more rustic and home made.  The portions are large and beg to be shared with the rest of your group.
This is the first time I've been back to Strait's Cafe in almost 10 years. The place pretty much looks the same to me as it did then. Very clean. Very refined. The service was a little too attentive, and the waitstaff have a huge staring problem. But that's probably because my gf was wearing a HOT ass BCBG dress that just made everything pop. =) Appetizers: Sampler but the best item on the plate was the Tuna Tartar Main Course: Lamb Koreem & A Seafood Risotto (Both were amazing) Sides: Breaded & Fried Asparagus & the Roti Prata (If you've never had Roti Prata before, try it. Trust me you'll order it EVERY time!) Dessert: Pisang Goreng for my gf (Banana Fritters w/Vanilla Gelato) Chocolate Truffle Cake (speaks for itself) for myself.
You hear about fusion cuisine all the time... Straits does it right. No overbearing flavors or forced pairings of cultures. The origami fish is a must! Also there's something extra special about the Palo Alto location that the other locations don't have. UPDATE ------------------------- Not sure what's up with this place but they've definitely dropped out of favor with me. The last couple of times I went to the Palo Alto location the service was rushed even though the place was relatively empty and the food was over seasoned and had lost its initial appeal. They drop from 4 stars to 2 stars based on this.
Really great food and usually pretty awesome service as well. This is a family-style cafe and for a couple of people to share a couple of dishes and an appetizer is more than enough food. In particular, the Roti bread is very, very good.  Ask for it with green curry - it's better than the regular curry you'd get otherwise.  The Eggplant dish, and a vegetable curry that they do round out my favorites. Prices are a bit on the high side and I have had both good and bad service experiences here.  More good than bad, though.  Just the last time I visited though, our waiter offered to bring us a dish we were waffling over and if we didn't like it he would bring us something else at no charge.  We ended up not liking it and it was nice that we didn't have to worry about paying for it. Oh, and eat on the patio if you can.  It outdoor, but very sheltered.  A nice atmosphere for a good dinner.
The food here is incredible. I love it. I love all the different tastes - It's very unique, and a great experience. I especially enjoyed the peppered lobster dish. MMM...
I came here for a company christmas dinner so I probably have a slightly different perspective than others.  The staff was extremely helpful and service was well done.  Our waiter was even nice enough to ask if we wanted to take the unfinished bottles of wine home.  The appetizers are where its at, the Roti Prata and Ahi Tuna Tower were really good.  There weren't many raw fish fans so I found myself with multiple Ahi Tuna Towers.  That being said...i can't comment on the entrees too well since I was pretty full.  The desserts were a little disappointing. I think this place is overly expensive for what it is but its a good place to go on an expense account.  There is another Straits in SF if you are looking for a more fun location.
One of our favorite restaurants in the Bay Area. We like the Palo Alto locale for a quiet, romantic dining night, and the Santana Row location for the live music. My husband and I have been going to Straits for years - during our dating phase that's where we met up for lunch quite often. We love their roti prata, mee goreng, satay, sea bass, pepper crab... everything we've had is perfectly delicious and savory. My husband loves their banana dessert in a grape leaf. Wish we had a Straits up in Sacramento.
Honestly, I don't know what the big deal is? I had a good time here. In fact, it was a unique dining experience food wise for me. Just for shits and giggles (you'll see the appropriate signage), the entrance is in the back and only employees are allowed to enter in from the front.....that's what she said The place is well appointed and the decor feels modern, seating is comfortable and ambiance is very relaxed. The menu is somewhat extensive but the heart of the menu are some very interesting main courses.  I ate with a group of 4 other friends and we attempted to get a sampling mixture of their dishes. We ordered crab cakes and calamari for starters and for our main courses, one person ordered thePapaya curry with beef, another person ordered Ayam Kalasam (chicken), a third ordered Origami Seabass, and I ordered myself the Duck Kapitan. Unfortunately, I can only comment on my own eating experience because this is my review despite the fact that I sampled other peoples main dishes through brute question. But I will say that I didn't find anything wrong with any of the dishes. My duck dish, was laid out very artistically in fact I needed to take about 5 or 6 crotch shots of it. It was amazing. The duck breasts came individually sliced and diced, and came in a tipped over bowl made up from a green pancake batter. The bowl was hatched marked and thin so you could easily break it apart and eat it. As you know, whenever I go to a $$ restaurant or greater for the first time, I will try their duck. I found the chef cooked it reasonably well. The moisture was about an 8,  no crispiness to the outside though which i enjoy. It is an unquestionably unique dish. I don't think you'll find this dish at all of the Straights restaurant chains, so check this out here, if you can. No dessert this night peoples. I was full. I think I watched karate kid after this dinner. the new one. with jackie chan and jaden smith. i suggest this combination. possibly a different movie.
Extremely rude host.
I rented out the whole restaurant for a Saturday-afternoon party for 120 people. They were excellent to work with -- extremely accommodating. Gave me several free tastings so that I could choose the menu. And there wasn't a single glitch. At the last minute, we decided to seat everyone inside because it looked like it was going to be too hot. But, the new seating arrangements required a lot more effort on Straits part...and they handled it without batting an eye. The food was a huge hit with my guests (especially the sea bass) and the whole thing ended up being very reasonably priced for what we got.
A nice restaurant capturing some unique tastes from southeast Asian cuisine.  For appetizers we had the roti prata (warm, soft Indian bread with a dipping sauce - absolutely wonderful and the portion was quite large) and chicken satay that was pretty good but not great.  We paired that with a nice spinach salad with toasted coconut and tamarind dressing.  For the main dish, we had the halibut ho fun (halibut over noodles in a seafood sauce; the noodles were really good but the halibut itself was on the dry side).  Finally, for dessert we tried the chocolate truffle cake, which was kind of a disappointment - my date and I both agreed the cake was dry and a bit dense. Overall, it was a good meal but could have really been sensational if the halibut and chocolate had been better.  The service was very good - attentive and super friendly, almost to the point of being annoying.  :) Side note - access and parking's a pain in the ass. . .you have to drive around the back of the building and into a random lot - it's fairly well lit but I still expected wild dogs to attack me.
roti prata is my favorite here. Other than that, you can get far better south asian food for a lot less elsewhere. This is one of those restaurants that make me confused. Not an upscale restaurant you want to celebrate special occasion, nor an authentic south asian joint at reasonable price.
This place is alright, generally.  My date and I got dinner on a Saturday at 6:30 - it wasn't crowded and because it was so beautiful outside, he and I took a table out on their patio.  Note, it's really hard to see this place from the street - bad signage like whoa - but the parking lot is decent sized in the back. We were seated promptly and were able to get a drink and roti order in quickly.  The roti was amazing - probably the best thing we had all night.  Yum. We decided to follow the family style recommendation and order two dishes - the Ayam Rendang and Spicy Garlic Noodle - along with an order of coconut rice. The chicken was good, with decent spice on the curry and it was generally well cooked.  The Spicy Garlic Noodles was a little oily, but not terribly so.  The disappointing piece of it was that the mushrooms had a really odd texture that was kind of off-putting.  Not sure I'd recommend.  The coconut rice was, of course, yummy. No surprises there. Then disaster struck.  Our waiter disappeared.  Admittedly, he hadn't been that attentive, but given the team nature of the service, it had been fine, with most of the group doing a good job of refilling water, taking plates, etc. without feeling intrusive.  However, all we wanted was to pay and get out and he didn't show up for twenty minutes.  When he finally came, I asked for the check, and it took another ten to get it.  Seriously - when someone is trying to pay, you don't disappear.  He had apparently screwed up someone else's order nearby, as they seemed upset with him too.  It sucks, as it ruined what was otherwise a fairly pleasant evening. Oh, and when the check arrived, there was a charge for two orders of coconut rice, not the one we had actually asked for.  Admittedly, not a big deal, as it was only $2.50 an order and my date and I ate all of it, but seriously, if we ask for one, don't bring and charge us for two.  That's just shady. Anyway, don't know that I'll go out of my way to be back, at least until I hear better things about their service.
Everything from the food to the service to the vibe to everything was simply 'okay'.  Nothing wowed me and nothing pissed me off.  I've eaten at the location in Burlingame a fair bit so that's what I'm comparing it too.  There are huge differences: 1. lots of kids at the Palo Alto location but that could be because we had an early dinner 2. food is much better in Burlingame...and it seems like a different menu but I can't guarantee that 3. vibe is much better in Burlingame.  At the Palo Alto location I couldn't shake the feeling that I was at a PF Changs or some other mass produced asian chain. So I guess it really depends on what you're after.  If you're looking for something for a date, this IS DEFINITELY NOT the place.  You're better off driving to downtown Palo Alto.  But if you have kids and still want to feel like you're going to a semi-nice restaurant, this is a good place for that.
Being a part of the Straits staff 2-3 years ago made it one of the most fun jobs I've ever had. As a Hostess, gosh, i guess we're the first impression you get when you enter Straits Cafe.  Staff is great, but as you know in all restaurants, every restaurant has its goods and its bads.  Nobody really knows what its like to be served unless you are the Server.  Keep in mind, we are all human beings, but trying to make your experience at Straits happier!  :) The food, I think, is on more of the upper scale side.  (I mean the price).  Just an extra ten more dollars or so than your regular meal, 40 bucks more than the McDonalds down the street, and you get a fusion of Singaporean, Malaysian, Indian...etc.  Food is great.  Everything is family style, meaning you share what you order.  Its basically, all a la carte, meaning you must order all the extra necessities, like rice.  Coconut rice, Chicken Rice, or Jasmin Rice.  Gotta tell you though, try the flavored rice.  It has a different type of armona to it, and it will make your dining experience slightly more interesting... just from the rice. My recommendations are... Must... must have the roti prata from the apetizers.  Its indian flatbread that you dip into curry.  Straits is popular for that.  Samosas are also awesome, fried potatoes with veggis inside, dip it in sweet and sour sauce.  Satay beef & Lamb (or both) are skewers of meat to dip in a peanut sauce. Ayam Kalasan is almost like crispy chicken with a special sauce.  Rendang Beef is like a party in your mouth.  Black Pepper steak... omg is the most deelicious meat.  Mee Goreng and the Pad Thai are the most bombest noodles yet.  Oragami Seabass is the best fish I've ever had, it makes my mouth water.  (but... they come in relatively smaller portions). Hint:  Chow Kway Teow, Hainan Chicken Rice, and Nasi Goreng are just like... Chow mein and Fried rice.  If you don't want to get stuck with something like "regular" chinese food, dont order these. If you don't know what to order, dont be afraid to ask your waiter or waitress for recommendations! Many Stanford students, HP and Google groups come here to dine.  The back patio can be rented out for a night, lunchtime, or even mid-day.  Straits Palo Alto even does catering when requested.  Some nights it can be busy, other nights you might get lucky and not have to sit so close and squeeze through tables. Since This Straits is run under different management than the one in Santana Row & San Francisco, you may get a different environment than the other two.  I feel that this location is a more romanic and special night spot, whereas the other two are the best when going out with your girlfriends' or guys. Let me tell you, I would only come here on a "special" night just to dine.  Thats what my wallet tells me.  Make reservations too, its not that hard.  Dont know when I'd ever go back, but this place is great. Now i'm hungry.
Straits Cafe is a great place for groups, but if you're looking for a fine dining experience, head elsewhere. The best way to describe this restaurant is that it reminds me of your slightly upscale American-Chinese restaurant. Everything tastes the same and the food is good, but nothing special. The service is pretty good: the waiters are quick to take your order and your (weak) drinks arrive pretty quickly. For appetizers, the roti is really yummy. This is the one dish I could eat endless amounts of. The steamed bass is ok, but too salty and overpriced for the portion. The chap chae (a cabbage dish) was again too salty and tasted of MSG. We also ordered the coconut fried rice and I felt like I was in some average Chinese restaurant. The desserts are awful. The crepes filled with coconut are neon green (not appealing) and sugary, but tasteless. The chocolate cake is similarly sweet but bland. If you love Chinese food (the Americanized kind), this is a good place when you have a big group of people. Honestly, though, it's not really worth the price. Go to PF Chang's if you're looking for upscale Asian food.
Wow...Was planning on a perfect evening with my date...Well.it went to shit at straits... 1) no host whatsoever and the bartender could care less that we were left standing there 2) made reservations, but they decided to seat the couple who arrived after us. 3) Then they asked us to take a seat while they sat the other couple( the restaurant was nearly empty, so wtf`, how long could it take) 4) Finally got a seat but no waiter. After about 10 minutes being ignored, took my date to Evvia where all is right with the world!!!!! They made up for a truly crappy dining experience at Straits. 5) This was the best, as we were leaving, the host(big guy with a truly dumb ass smile, wished us a good evening). Hello, I'm walking out and he did not care whatsoever...Basically this place is for regulars I suppose or they just suck...You will have to decide yourself, but try Evvia's instead...GL
I really love this place -- i have for years.  Almost everything I have had on their menu has been incredible.  This particular location in my preference (I hate the one in Santana Row).  One of their most popular dishes (and my favorite as well) is the roti prata. Just be careful of the hours.  I think I tried coming here for lunch on the weekend and it was closed....  Just check hours before you go :-)
While food itself seems, to me, to be on the tame side, it still does have flavor, and is good for those that want to have Asian fusion cusine, without being overwhelemd with heat and pungent seasonings.  The cocktail menu had some tasty sounding concoctions, and the ginger mine lemonade cocktail, which I had, was excellent.  Everyone that I encountered there: host, server, people refilling the water, were all very pleasant and professional.  I understand that it can get rather packed at lunch time, so I'd probably do a reservation, if I were to go there during peak lunch hour on a weekday.  Sunday, at dinner time, which is when I went, there were several patrons present, but a number of open tables as well, so perhaps dinner is a better time to go, if the choice of both are options to you.
Wow. A co-worker had wanted to try this place out for dinner and had made reservations on a Tuesday night.  The dining crowd was sparse and we had a great waiter.  He was very attentive and had really good recommendations. The Ahi Tuna Tower was very good.  The Chili Crab was very good. The Laksa Paella was very good as well.  The Strawberry Mojito was amazing and absolutely to die for.  The Mango Mojito was good, but not as good as the Strawberry.  (I originally was not going to drink since I was driving, but I could not resist after taking a sip.) I can't wait to go back and try more dishes at this Asian Fusion Restaurant. I find that the Straits Cafe in Santana Row is way too noisy and the drinks are not mixed as well.  The Palo Alto restaurant has a more pleasant ambiance, it's light an airy for a dining experience.
I have had some good times at straits in santana row (San Jose). So my friend and i figure why not try the palo alto location since we've heard so much about it.... From the outside on El Camino this place looks like an abandoned cafe. But once you get inside it is very refined. As for drinks, i had a rather herbal thai iced tea (enjoyable) while my friend ordered a gin and tonic with two limes. Her gin and tonic arrives with one lime and upon tasting it, her drink did not taste at all like it normally does. We asked to have the drink returned because of its rediculously unsatisfying taste. Upon our server's inspection the bar tender had used soda water instead of tonic. We ordered the appetizer platter for two, enjoyable but nothing too spectacular. Main course consisted of the Hainan chicken rice and the grilled lemon grass salmon. The Hainan Chicken Rice was nothing more than cooked chicken and rice with 3 different dipping sauces. Something i could have made at home. And the lemon grass salmon was rather unsatisfying (seeing as there were only 2 pieces of fish) The plate for the fish was 'pumped' up to look more appetizing than it actually was with an extremely large amount of fried vegetables. The service was decent, our server seemed to care more about the older crowds while we the early/mid twenty year olds were left somewhat ignored. Diet cokes went un-refilled as well as a long time to get the bill. I probably wouldn't plan on returning here anytime soon, but maybe to their other location.
We come for the roti prata and curry, but feel weird just ordering four servings of it so we just order two and have tried some of the other appetizers and a couple of the entrees.  We especially have enjoyed the ahi tower with chips!  The pan fried tilapia was delicious, kind of a hash brown with fish.  The garlic noodles can also be a meal, very satisfying and great flavors.  Also if you like garlic, the chill pepper chicken has cloves of garlic hidden throughout the dish!  The coconut rice is a special treat and adds a little zest to the plain rice. We've been on Thursday and Saturday nights and it has never seemed too crowded.  Service has been attentive and efficient.  I don't think our waters were ever even half empty! Always a satisfying adventure.
Well, accidentally added 18% to an $1100 tab that had the gratuity built in and they alerted me. Bravo for honesty. The food was quite tasty too.
I've always found the service to be good, if not great. I've usually been seated immediately (with a reservation). The last time I went, it was for a friend's birthday. The host remembered me and served us a complimentary Roti appetizer. For her birthday, they brought out a chocolate cake, complete with candle. The cake wasn't anything to write home about - in fact, the desserts in general can be skipped - but the service that entire night was flawless. Here's a rundown of the dishes I've ordered (or tasted): Day Boat Scallops - I love scallops so this was good, but I've had better. Roti Prata - Delicious! Sea Bass - Really nice. I found it to be pretty mellow (vs. another review on here) but still flavorful. Grill Salmon - Yum! Spicy Basil Chicken - One of my favorite entrees! Ayam Rendang - I think this is the chicken cooked in the same sauce that's provided to dip the Roti, but don't quote me on that. Tasty! Coconut Rice - I'm a big fan of this rice. It's pricey: $2/person. I haven't had any alcohol here (always been the designated driver), but the Thai iced tea isn't bad. Overall, I've only had positive experiences with them.
I'd have to say that this is my favorite restaurant in Palo Alto.  Unlike many of the downtown restaurants, it manages to maintain it's trendy high end atmosphere without sacrificing on delicious food and decent portions.  This is the place that my girlfriend and I go when we're feeling like something a little bit more special.  It would also make a great date restaurant. One of my favorite things about Straits is that I've liked everything I've ever ordered.  This lets you feel free to experiment with the menu and try new things each time instead of always sticking to the old standbys.
I went here on a date a couple weeks ago.  I had heard so many good things and was excited to check it out.  I had been to the one in Santana Row and really enjoyed it. Upon arrival we were ignored even though we had a reservation.  Finally we were seated, but only to be ignored again for another 15 minutes.  No hello, no water, no be with you soon.  They weren't even busy. We got up and walked out Awful experience.
I don't even know where to start - with the just ok-ish roti parata, or the cold garlic noodles or the rubbery chicken. We gave our entire order together since we were pretty hungry and requested the roti as appetizer along with our drinks. The waiter brought our drinks and then got almost ALL the food together. I say almost since my husband had to wait for 15 minutes before they brought his garlic chilli pepper chicken (we had to remind the waiter twice. Apparently he forgot the first time). The rest of us had to start eating. The garlic noodles was cold, so we sent it back. It was actually tasty had they not messed up the heating part of it. The chicken was rubbery and the peppers were HUGE pieces. And by huge i mean quite thick and chunky. What kind of a chef would do that?? sigh. Ok, we're never going back. Sorry Straits Cafe, you need to get your act together.
My friend and I went in and sat at the bar for appetizers and drinks. There was no one else seated in the bar area and I noticed that the bartender was not busy making drinks for the restaurant (which was more than half empty) We were not greeted until we asked the bartender for a drink menu, he fumbled through the menus (reading each one) to see which was the correct to give us (which was just beer).  I also asked for a food menu to order appetizers and he once again fumbled through each menu to find which one was it.  I asked again for the drink menu, explaining I was looking for a cocktail which I remember being very good (I had been here many times a few years ago and was always very impressed). Finally the manager had to come over and tell the bartender & us that the cocktails were on the back of the food menu. After looking over the drinks, I once again had to get the bartenders attention to order my drink. He did not once come over to recommend something, see if we had any questions or take our order. I ordered the strawberry mojito the bartender looked blankly at me and struggled through the entire process of making the drink (this took about 5 mins... way too long!) as the manager had to walk over and take him through the steps. The drink it self was HORRIBLE! The mint was not grown, it was syrupy, separated and tasted awful. My friend order a water with lemon and instead he received a water with lime juice already squeezed in it... Once again, fighting for the bartenders attention we ordered the calamari appetizer which I had raved about to my friend (visiting from outta town) that it was the best calamari he would ever have... It came out half the size I remembered for the same price in a bowl which had oil at the bottom of which it (I assume) had been cooked in. GROSS!! The breading was falling off and the calamari itself was chewy and disgusting. The sauces also lacked in texture and taste. Once again, fighting for the bartenders service we quickly got our check and left as soon as we could! In short, horrible drinks food and service. Will NEVER be going back here and I wouldn't recommend you would either.
I've been coming periodically over the years and the food has always been great and the service has  been consistently awful.  The first time we went there we were seated, then spent 15 minutes without anyone even acknowledging us, so we left.  Other times, they actually have grabbed my plate while i've been bringing a fork full of food to my mouth!   Wait-staff if rather intrusive also -- besides grabbing plates with food still left on them and running off before you can object (I like to keep the poh pia and roti dip to eat with my rice later), they intrusively (interrupting conversations) keep asking whether everything is ok. They tend to bring all the plates at once, so if you want a leisurely dinner, it's better to order a couple of things at a time and keep the menu (if you can).  My favorites are the Poh Pia, the Roti and the garlic noodles.
Its very telling when a restaurant is largely empty save for the bar on a Saturday night.  The first thing we did after being seated was ask to have the loud crappy music turned down.   Although the wait staff was accommodating, the kitchen didn't have the ingredients for half of the entrees we ordered, and what they were able to serve was far below the quality of food that Straits was known for in previous years.  Maybe the chef was having a bad night, but the food was terrible.  It was nice to have my water glass refreshed - until I  noticed an insect floating on top in between the ice cubes.  I wouldn't be surprised to see these guys lose their lease for lack of patronage.
Sparsely populated on a Tuesday night as one would expect. The hostess was alittle less experienced than I would have liked.  Enthusiastic wait staff. Excellent origami sea bass, it's hard to get sea bass right.  Tables that are alittle too large for the space making it alittle difficult to have an intimate meal.
I have eaten at Straits Cafe quite a few times over the past few years.  I really enjoy the outdoor eating experience, but the food, in my opinion, has been quite good.  The price is pretty decent and the ambiance especially outdoors on a nice summer evening made the experience. While there have been times when I wish that the food was better, I have never left disappointed.  I have returned to this place quite a few times since it just seemed to be a somewhat reliable place for me to grab a good meal. Yes, it is hard to find, but they just recently put up a big red sign that says Straits Cafe - perhaps to alleviate the confusion that many experience their first time to Straits Cafe.
What a disaster! First, they force everybody to take the way over-priced Valentine's day prix fixe menu.  Then the long wait for the food and drink.  The appertizers come, satay chicken skewer tastes like a piece plastic. There are four main courses, grilled chicken, grilled fish, grilled beef and snow pea.  They all look and taste pretty much the same (I'm sure the executive chief, if there is one, has decided that this is the most efficient way to get by the busy night), except the chicken is cold, i mean below room temperature cold.  I ask the waiter to investigate, and he gives nasty looks. Finally, desert time. The chocolate cake and chocolate-coated strawberry both look suspious, they are made in a factory, not here in the restaurant. Anyway, I will never go back again to Straits.
Not worth it for lunch. Salad is bad, chicken taste like tyson chiken strips, lunch special is so so.
The food was ok but the service was horrible. We were a large group but the waiter had no clue as to who ordered what. What made it worse was they then yelled out "who ordered the lamb" but not the name of the dish (three lamb dishes were on the menu) which created more confusion. This place may be ok for small groups but I wouldn't recommend it for groups.
Service and food is fantastic!
This place SUCKED!!! The servers don't know how to serve! they brought us too much food and told us that we ordered it! we had to argue with the server and he pretty much called us liars! when our real food came they had no idea who got what and just started handing it to everyone and we had to pass it around to the correct people! the food was horrible! Last but not lease their decor was hideous and the way the restaurant has the table with a bench on one side and chairs on the other made me think of a fast food restaurant!it was just stupid! i wont be eating here again!
Saturday night was date night... but TRIPLE date night (a six-some... hehehe). Janette W. (now C.) found this place and got us reservations for 8:15 - Cascal was booked solid so this was our 2nd choice (good thing too!) Julia H. and N got there about the same time as D and I around 8 and they already had our table ready for us. I was surprised it wasn't jammed pack for a Saturday but was happy as well so we wouldn't have to deal with noise. I ordered up a Dirty Martini, Mango Mojito for Julia and the boys had beer - My martini was perfectly made so I recommend any martini fans out there to try this (used Kettle). The mojito was a bomb though - Julia only had 2 sips and made a sour face - that means "NO thanks" - haha! When Janette and her Hubby came by we promptly ordered the Calamari and Fried shrimp as apps - I was hoping that there would be more calamari but it was a small amount as was the fried shrimp - Boo! On to our entrees: I picked out the Mee Goreng (spicy Indian dish with noodles and potatoes) and D got the Papaya curry with Beef. I liked my dish, however, when I tried Julia's Chow Kwey Teow (fishcake and shrimp chow fun, basically) I almost died in food heaven - I loved it (although I would have preferred it greasier - she had it made with less oil). Janette picked the Lobster Pad Thai and it looked and tasted delectable! It was a beautiful presentation of a huge lobster on top of a huge plate of pad thai - I should have ordered that! Overall, a great little place to eat. I really liked the ambiance and by 9pm the restaurant was completely emptied on a usually busy night. Great drinks, nice bathrooms, friendly service, amazing food - what's not to love?!
Service was great. Love the roti prata and apple salad.
I'm pleasantly surprised by the quality of the service and food here.  The quieter sister of the loud, obnoxious and shameless Santana Row Straits, I find the ambiance much more relaxing, the service much more attentive and the lychee martini tastier. A colleague and I found the entire dinner experience enjoyable - from the fried calamari and mixed appetizers up until the complimentary (again - COMPLIMENTARY) chocolate lava cake with ice-cream, never once did we have to struggle to get the waiter's attention, compete with loud music or ask for food to be sent back to the kitchen, therefore allowing us to indulge in stimulating bitching-about-work-and-everything-that-entails session. Santana Row Straits needs to grow up and get her act together. I'm just saying.
it's a solid 4 for me. The food, the presentation, the service and decor - solid, I didn't pay so can't comment on the cost / value.  I would consider coming back here again. One thing they can definitely improve is the whole enter through the back thing.  I walked up El Camino - and found the front of the restaurant to actually be the "back" patio.  Although there is a gate - which really looks inviting, I as directed to go around back and enter from the rear.  It seems to me that if you (restaurant) have a chance to get a customer in the door - you should take it! I was allowed to enter through the gate in the end, so all's well.  The hostess is very pleasant, and the wait staff at the table were fantastic - so 5 stars there! Bottom Line - great place for a business lunch - quiet, and enough space for large groups.
Straits Cafe turned out to be good on my first (and possibly last visit), but definitely not great. The prices are high, and although they claim to have an authentic Singaporean menu, I have my doubts. Paella? Foie gras? Creme brulee? It is definitely more an Asian-french fusion restaurant (a more upscale version of PF Changs. I was disappointed within the first few minutes because upon sitting down, I realized that all of my plates were dirty; only partially cleaned with old food crud on the side of them! We ordered the sample appetizer plate for two which turned out to be really good, and included 2 crackers with tuna tartar, 2 oysters, 2 samosas and 2 small skewers of chicken satay. Everything was really good, but the only thing that concerned me was that the oysters were served at room temperature because it made me wonder if they had been sitting out for some time. I ordered the mango lemonade, which was excellent, and cost $4.50, which is a little high considering it is a small glass, and is a non-alcoholic beverage. We ended up ordering a lot of food because we were starving and, based on the small appetizers, we incorrectly assumed that the portions would be small. We ended up wasting a lot of food, because the portions turned out to be enormous. The Mee Goreng ($12.50) turned out to be a heaping plate of spaghetti-ish noodles, mung bean sprouts, tofu, prawns and potatoes. It took a little bit of getting used to at first, but after a few bites we decided that we liked it, although it was a little on the bland side, and reminded us a little bit too much of spaghetti, which was a little weird. The spicy basil chicken ($16.50) was beautifully put together and very aromatic but stopped a little short on taste. It was a bit bland, but the shiitake mushrooms, bamboo shoots and basil created a very nice, subtle flavor that made the dish.... pleasant, however definitely not worth $16.50. The grilled lemongrass salmon ($19.50) was pretty good, although still not great. The garlic tomato sauce was interesting, but you don't get much of it. Unlike the other salmon dish on the menu, this one comes with a large serving of sauteed bell peppers on the side, so if you are hungry I definitely recommend ordering this one instead of the ikan pangang (18.50), which consists of a salmon fillet wrapped in a banana leaf and nothing else. For dessert, we ordered neon green pancakes stuffed with shredded coconut and black rice (I am not sure what that type of rice is called, but I love it!). It is served with a sort of custard-like cream, fresh strawberries and vanilla gelato. This was definitely the highlight  of our dinner, because aside from tasting good it was extremely unusual... I've actually never seen anything like it! I doubt I will ever go out of my way to eat at Straits again, but I guess I wouldn't entirely mind if for some reason or other I ended up there again. It wasn't bad by any means, but I was disappointed that there was no single item out of all of the things that we ordered that was fantastic- especially since it's a pretty pricey restaurant.
Food is good, the Curry is particularly delicious. The service can be slow, but worth it.
I have to give a 2 here.  The food is always a 5.  And was last night.  Service was good enough until we were over charged.  The waitress blamed it on our manager and corrected two out of the four mistakes.  I was too tired to argue and left it at that.   The destroying and downstairs hallway where you wait for them were disgusting.   Seriously,   This is Burlingame, not the mission.   And not a crap eats taco joint.   I was really disappointed.
What is there not to love about Straits Cafe?  It's both hip and elegant, delicious and sophisticated ---- and it's a terrific place for a date night with your beloved or a business meeting with clients.  It's everything!  I've had both romantic and business dinners at the Palo Alto restaurant and met friends at the Santana Row location for drinks and appetizers. See what I mean. it's a flexible use venue? My recommendations include:  the Spicy Basil Chicken, the Tamarind Beef, and of course the Roti! The dirty pepper martini is also fantastic!
A large group of us from work went for lunch at Straits Cafe. The food was beautiful and tasty. Some of the dishes were unlike anything I've seen, but we were all very pleased. The service was good even though they were busy.
Very disappointed!  The place looked fancy and nice. Presentation of food .. nice!  BUT (a BIG BUT!) the food did NOT taste good!  We ordered the Hainanese chicken rice and the chicken curry.  Even my son did not want any part of the steamed chicken or rice.  Everything was way too salty!  The  redeeming qualities of this place?  The dessert (goreng pisang - fried banana, was surprisingly good and of course pretty!) and the service.  The waiters were great!  However, not a place where we would venture again.
The last time I went here was sort of a date, I guess you could say.    I arrived ahead of time to get seats.  I was quickly ushered to my table for two.  My date forgot her phone that day (how convenient! ;) so I IM'ed her from my phone to tell her I had seats and she replied and left her office.  15 minutes pass and I'm still staring at the empty seat and a folded napkin in front of me.  I order a beer.  Sapporo, Large.  I slowly sip away, eavesdropping on my neighbors' conversations.  A pair of neurobiologists to my left have a conversation drier than my Sapporo.  To my right, the loudness of the soccer moms' cackle are matched by the loudness of their purses.  45 minutes and half a glass later, I'm still waiting, what happened to her?  I hope she's ok..  My waiter strolled by a couple of times to see if I needed anything, not too often, just the right amount of attentiveness.  I sat and reminisced about my first time to Straits in Palo Alto... I was a complete n00b to the Bay when I first moved here two years ago.  I had no family or friends here at the time.  A friend of a friend offered to take me out.  She told me of this beautifully quaint place where she and her BF wanted to have their wedding rehearsal dinner.  From what I recall, the food was great.  We started with a roti and curry sauce dip for appetizers.  We shared the Origami Sea Bass, which was wonderfully aromatic.  I think we had some curry noodles and a fried rice.  But I _do_ remember leaving the place thinking, "wow, that was an excellent meal"... Snapping out of my daydream, I stared at my glass and opposite seat, both empty.  After an hour and 15 minutes, I thought, "F*** this".  I paid my tab and left that awkward seat.  Slowly drifting towards the exit, I stop at the bar to watch the Lakers get killed.  It just isn't a good night is it?  With my head down, walking towards the exit, my waiter stopped me, "You must be starving", he asked.  "Well, yah", I grunted.  "Let me get you something, I'll be back in a couple of minutes", the waiter blurted, hustling back to the kitchen.  That was just so nice of him, if he were that cute hostess, I'd kiss him/her.  Moments later, he returned with a big plate of roti and curry, reminding me of why I loved this place.  If you have a tall dark-haired Caucasian waiter with a goatee, make sure you tip him well!! 15 minutes later, I get a call.  "I'm so sorry, you must be SO mad!", she asked.  Actually, I felt surprisingly happy.  Straits Palo Alto, you're the best!
meh, not impressed.  For the price the food really should be much better.  Also I don't know what this has anything to do with Singapore food.
We ate here for Valentine's Day dinner and I might never go back. I am a vegetarian and my husband is not.  I picked this restaurant because they had good reviews, an extensive vegetarian menu, and a lot of meat dishes.  Little did I know that for V-Day, they were only offering a prix-fixe menu.  There were two meat-based menus and one vegetarian menu.  The problem was, each menu was for two people and they couldn't (or wouldn't) do half meat-half veg to accommodate us both. The husband said he'd go vegetarian for the night, so we ordered. While we were waiting for our appetizer to arrive, we watched our waiter and the hostess get in a fight.  That was a nice little bit of drama to start our meal off on the right note. The appetizer (samosas and roti prata) came out quickly and was worth the hype. The salad was a little white bowl with some sliced mango and cucumber (a little plain looking, but whatever.)  Then, within seconds of the salad being delivered to our table, the main course came out (that's OK, we didn't really want to try the salad, anyway.  Just cram those main dishes on the table.  We don't need any room). What a horror!  The tofu cubes were so salty (they tasted like they were coated in garlic salt) that we truly couldn't eat them.  The pea pods were so spicy (and I like spicy food) that we couldn't eat them.  Our meal was supposed to come with rice, but the server forgot it.  We asked for it thinking it would tone some of the salt/heat down, but no luck.  We couldn't eat the entrees.  The only edible part was the broiled mushroom. The whole time,  I kept thinking that if Gordan Ramsay were in the kitchen, he'd be screaming at the chefs, "You f*$(! ing donkey!  Did you even taste this?  You can't serve that!  It's too bloody salty!!!!  And these are too f^%@ing spicy!!!! You'll kill someone!"  Apparently, Gordon wasn't in the kitchen last night. The waiter even commented on how little we were eating.  When we said the food was too salty/spicy he shrugged and said, "Then I'll clear the table.  How about dessert now?"  No apology, no offer to replace it, nothing.  The molten lava cake that was dessert was so dry it sucked all the moisture from our mouths.  At least the chocolate covered strawberry it came with was edible. So we spent  almost $150 (at least the cocktails were good) to eat two samosas, a piece of roti prata, some mango salad, a grilled portobello mushroom, and a chocolate covered strawberry. If I ever try Straits again, I'll try the one in Santana Row and I won't go on a holiday.  This experience was beyond disappointing.  Gordon, where are you?  Kitchen Nightmares has a new candidatet.
review of TAKE OUT minus 1 star for crazy expensive. got 5 dishes and it was like $100! chicken dishes are like $12 and the salmon or sea bass is like $20 but divine - roti prata, though our basil chicken - turned out like curry... and the hainan chicken rice - I thought they usually gave more rice. this time only 4 pieces of chicken?!?! like a 1/4 chicken? Flavors yum!  and works well as takeout and re-heats well other weird thing, I called at 5pm to place an order and they asked that I call back at 6pm
I liked almost every dish I had from this place even though I was a bit skeptical about their dishes being authentice. Garlic noodle rocks!
Excellent roti prata, duck kapitan (and the weird green crepe it's wrapped in), mango lemonade and ginger cake. The outside patio out back is surprisingly nice (despite the kinda dilapidated facade out front - weird) and very well heated. It's all well and good, but isn't there somewhere in this town where I can get some affordable Singaporean?
Came here for my first fancy date which means dress, high heels and make-up for me.  The glasses sparkled, the waitstaff were pleasant and polite, we talked over the interesting and varied food selections and got our fill on some truly excellent fish.  Finished up with coffee and dessert, and no one rushes you. What's also nice is that this is where my girlfriend also brings her friends.  Families, parties, and dates mingle in the sophisticated but friendly atmosphere very well.  The lights are kindly low, but not murky, the atmosphere is gay and there's a pleasant conversational buzz.  The tables are covered in white clothes, but are placed a little close together to each other, so I wouldn't recommend planning on putting any moves or looking for dark corners.  Non-threatening, lovely and not over-crowded.  I recommend getting a reservation, and at the worst, they will seat you at the bar or one of the little high tables for cocktails until they get your table set.  And when I mention families and parties, this would not be a place to take your child if they have a habit of screaming at strange-looking food, or parties that involve sake-bombs or frats with raucous proceedings. Just to warn you. They also remember you well, so this is a good place to start building a relationship with an eating establishment.  You'll look pretty posh (but not arrogant) to your date, and I was very impressed.  Isn't that the perfect impression to give to a girl?  Professional, kind, family-friendly, but sophisticated, deliciously elegant? As a final note, I recommend anything seafood, especially the origami bass or the calamari.  The Roti-Prata is to DIE for.  The coconut rice is my favorite despite the fact I don't like coconut.  It has a creamy aura that works well with the sharp spices of many of the dishes.  A warning, one of our visits, the rice was undercooked and tough, but I've been here many times since then, and they have not repeated the mistake.
Recommend their Tamarind Beef! Very soft and juicy! A perfect place both  for couples and business gatherings.
Prefer this location to the Santana Row store... but maybe that's because I'm comfortable with the original.  Love the roti and the tuna tower.  I am a fan.
Great presentation of the fusion food. It's pricey and the portion was so small. Nice place for business meals but not for family gather together!
When I saw the outside and the name of the place (Cafe on an old, run down building doesn't scream "high-end"), I was afraid we were going to some greasy spoon for a business lunch.  Boy was I wrong. The place looks much better from the parking lot in back and the inside is very nicely remodeled and decorated.  The staff was excellent and even dealt with a few forgetful customers in our party who thought they had ordered something different than what was brought.  They didn't recognize their own orders. The food is served family style and with eight people and an expense card, we tried a lot of things.  I highly recommend the curried seafood dishes.  All of the seafood dishes we tried were extremely tasty and the fish melted in my mouth.  It isn't extremely cheap, but it is reasonable for the amount you get. I don't know what the other Striats places are like (different owners/chef), but this one is decent in my book.  A great place to take clients/have a vendor buy lunch.
I would have given this place 5 stars had I been reviewing the Straits Cafe of yore. The place unfortunately has gone downhill. The food is still good, the old timer waiters are still very pleasant, but it ends there. The noise level is absurdly high for a place that has such a reduced clientele, the wait staff insists on packing the few dining groups close together (perhaps to create the illusion of being busy?), there's a strong aroma of yesterdays fried seafood hanging over the dining room, the menu looks old and tired - no new items since the last time I came here over a year ago. I used to come here regularly before and was wowed by the simple elegance of the place and the freshness of the plates served here. For some reason, this place seems to have fallen into neglect even as the Santana Row and Burlingame locations have thrived. Perhaps Gordon Ramsey should pay a visit.
This was once a great restaurant, about ten years ago.  Now, the service is bad, the timing of courses is worse.  Once had a business dinner here, and one of the main course a la Carter's arrived after the desserts!  But, hey, it is still miles above the one in San Jose.
This is a popular joint for corporate lunches and dinners for most folks in the area, mine included. Our Business Partner took us here for lunch, we arrived around noon and was pretty empty but the crowd slowly filled up closer to 1. I ordered the halibut with noodles and creamy seafood broth. I like halibut but not a big fan of the flat noodles, was rather bland. My colleagues ordered the ikan pangang (grilled salmon in wrapped banana leaf) looks decent but it came out in a bright orange sauce) and another the salmon in lemongrass sauce looks decent. The partner ordered fried rice/nasi goreng. Overall it was ok, nice ambience sitting out in the back patio, attentive service, nice presentation but I still think it's high end Singaporean/Malaysian food.
The rehearsal dinner for my brother's wedding was held at Straits. They did a great job with tasty food (Roti Prata is one of my favorite things in the world), good service, and reasonable price (my mom was the one who paid the final bill, and even with drinks she said it wasn't bad at all) for about 30-40 people.
The atmosphere here was nice, befitting good company, and the roti was soft and tasty, but that's about it.  I suppose I'm just not a fan of fusion food, because I feel that I would have had better vegetarian pad thai at a small Thai place, and better samosas anywhere else...
3 stars for the Roti!  Wow I don't know what that even is but its bready-pancaky-goodness with some sort of curry dipping sauce.  Other than that this place is lackluster to me.  It is a mix of many Asian and Indian cuisines which always makes me nervous.  I prefer when a restaurant sticks with one region's cuisine.  It gets dicey when you try to do the fusion thing.  The menu and portions were HUGE.  The ambiance was nothing special but I think it might be more fun with a group.
This location definitely doesn't have the hip ambiance of the San Jose, SF, or Burlingame locations. I was actually unimpressed, except it looks as though the outdoor area is nice. My friend and I dined here last night and we weren't too pleased. It was odd, actually. We ordered the lamb satay for an appetizer and I asked for the lamb medium rare. The server gave me a funny look and asked if I was sure about that. Excuse me, who are you to question me? She then proceeds to say it wouldn't taste that good if it was medium rare. What do you say in that situation? So, I politely asked I would prefer it cooked that way. So, it came out medium rare and it was perfect! I couldn't imagine it cooked well, lamb should never be cooked that done. I had the "Best margarita in the World" and I have to admit, I make a better one, and I think even Jose Cuervo margarita mix does too. The food is pretty consistent, just like the other locations. This place definitely lacked the service like the other ones as well as decor.
Great roti appetizer.  The chicken rice is also good.  The curries are passable.
We recently hosted a business dinner at Straits Cafe in Palo Alto as it was nearby and had open seating outside, which could accommodate our large group. Food quality and service were  mediocre. Moreover, there were several errors with over-billing, some of which we got adjusted. Also, due to a preset menu we were charged for the full count of reservations, despite having less people attend. Gratuity included was also higher than other business dinners I have hosted. Overall, a fairly expensive dinner which I didn't feel was worth it.
Was one of the most disappointing dinners. I don't update yelp until I have a strong view which is rare. Service was horrible, they rushed us to order and said that they we had 6 minutes before kitchen closed and it was 8:15pm. We were a party of 8, so gratuity was already included. I organized a dinner party for my sister, my treat. When the waiter gave the bill, he announced to the whole table my total bill cost plus the discount card that I was using. I thought that was extremely rude and have never seen any waiter make an announcement of the total cost of the dinner. Privately, I told him that it was not professional to do that. He said that is how it is done at Straits Cafe, when customer uses a discount card, it is the waiter's job to make this announcement. I never heard of such a thing. I asked for the manager. No manager on site. He had me talk to the head chef. She wasn't too helpful. I don't think they even realize what service, let alone average service means. Food had too much garlic, it tasted great at first. 10 years ago, I also took my entire family here... didn't mind paying more for the good food, service, and ambience. They really lost their charm.
The food is good... I love their menu all the items are really different you are almost always sure to be surprised. If you go there for business it's ok, if not I'll say maybe a little bit over price.
The service was excellent and the food hot and yummy. I would recommend the Lamb Satay, very tender and favorful!
Very cool place.  Definitely coming back.
My parents grew up in Malaysia and after many trips back to visit relatives I (with admitted bias!) consider Malaysian/Singaporean cuisine among the best in the world.  However, Straits Cafe does a huge disservice to the name of Malaysian/Singaporean food! Every dish I've tried there manages to be overly sweet, overly salty, and often overly greasy all at the same time...with all of that grossly excess saucing and careless cooking, it entirely missed the fire, complexity, and textural intrigue of really authentic Malaysian/Singaporean food. I understand this used to be something of a benchmark for Singaporean food in the bay area and find that totally perplexing...although, standards around here for Singaporean food are pretty low (Shiok in Menlo Park -- I'm looking at you!).  If you want a benchmark -- save the $$$ that you spend on Straits Cafe's overpriced and thoroughly mediocre food, take a trip to Kuala Lumpur, and walk into any of the 24-hour hawker stalls for a 20-cent roti canai that will blow any dish of Straits Cafe's out of the water.  If you must stay in Palo Alto and want a Southeast Asian fusion meal in semi-haute surroundings, I'd choose Tamarine any day over Straits Cafe.  For a slightly more authentic take on Malaysian/Singaporean food within driving distance, I've heard good things about Banana Island in Daly City. The one star is because I have to give it something...and the ambience is nice, I suppose.
Highly recommended for authentic singaporean food.  It has a really nice atmosphere.  Your taste buds will be really happy!
it's a good place. very good food (esp appetizers and some of the beef dishes), decent service, great decor/atmosphere. good for dates and higher end biz lunches. the SF straights is better though
Awww, Donny's story below is so cute!  Really nice atmosphere, albeit quiet, white-tablecloth. Met my friend A here for dinner and we ordered drinks, salmon, and pad thai. He had a Japanese beer and I had a lychee martini, which was quite satisfying, cold, and delicious. The portion of the pad thai (which came in a lotus-leaf wrap) was huge, and after I was full, it looked like I hadn't made a dent in it. A was very happy with his salmon. Another lunch, S. and I ordered roti prata, curry dip, day boat scallops, and lamb korma. Everything was delicious, flavorful, hot, and fresh. Definitely now a favorite, although it's slightly in the middle of nowhere on El Camino and has a strange-looking hut-style exterior. Don't be fooled! Cocktails are delicious, as is the food, plus the prices are extremely reasonable for what they give you.
Straits Cafe is currently my favorite restaurant in the Bay Area! I highly recommend the roti prata for the appetizer, the garlic noodles and biryani for the main course and the mango sherbet for dessert! A bit on the pricy side, but well worth it!
$15 including tax, tip for lunchtime char kuey tiao, no drinks. ouch. no lunch menu here. food itself was just ok. I could have had gon chao gao haw AND gai lan at a chinese place for that, and had leftovers for dinner, too.
Spicy garlic egg noodles with shitake mushrooms were nicely flavored with black pepper, not over-powering at all. I added tofu. I'd love to come back and try more dishes. Group of 8 on a Tuesday lunch were seated quickly; good service.
Really has gone down hill.  The quality of the food is not as good as it used to be.  The noodles were disappointing - soggy and lumped together.  The prices are too high for what you get. Disappointing and would not return!
each Straits Cafe has its own character depending on its location. this one is like Mrs. Howell from Gilligan's Island. located near Stanford in a ritzy part of the Peninsula. the outdoor dining area is simply divine. "Lovey" would have loved sipping lychee martinis and nibbling on roti prata with curry dipping sauce al fresco here.
I loved the food. but... maybe it's a little bias since I went there after getting high lol. Nevertheless, the crab cakes were so good and the food was absolutely delicious. also helped i went with the man i love :)
Put before me a frou- frou cocktail (I get the Colonial Cooler), Roti Prata, Origami Sea Bass, and I am sublimely sated...  Chris is gone (off to Santana Row) and the waitstaff sometimes suffers ADD, but the food can be fabulous.  Get a corner table and hold hands even if they get a bit sticky from the Roti or the Singapore Chili Crab.
This place has gone downhill.horrible meal:  "crispy" calamari not crispy: soggy stale cooked in very old oil; shrimp with chili dish swimming in oil;dipping sauces for appetizers bland; pad Thai mediocre; shrimp entree mediocre; tofu entree had tofu that tasted almost metallic industrial.  one decent dish out of 9: green beans.  The meal  was so bad they offered a free desert: chocolate cake which had good flavor.
I'm not sure if there's a change of ownership, but things here have changed a lot. The food is good but the service has some how gone bad. We came here for lunch and they got several of our side dishes wrong.
4 stars for when I first ate here before a screening of Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon across the street at the now Palo Alto CineArts, and recently ate here (for free! :) in October 2005. The Singapore cuisine here is pretty good, though I'd have to agree with my friend that it's gotten Americanized over the last few years, especially now that chef/owner Chris Yeo has branches in San Jose's Santana Row and Burlingame, as well as SF. The setting is very nice, especially the outdoor patio in the back, with a table for large groups. Dishes I like: the roti prata, the murtabak, the crab cakes, the Singapore satay sticks, the duck kapitan, the lamb korma, the pandan chicken rice, the oysters, the chili crab, the origami seabass, the nasi goreng, and the lobster and shrimp pad thai.
When a restaurant is half busy on a Friday evening, you dont need to wonder why. We sat outside with a heated lamp enjoying the background sounds of the waterfall. I had the mango lemonade and it was yummy. However the dishes did not live up to its sister location in SF's Westfield Centre. The foie gras was bitter (!) and the apple salad was bland. I do admit the origami sea bass was flavorful and was presented nicely in a folded paper box (hence: origami). There are plenty of better options in Palo Alto.
Not as good as the Santana Row location, but a nicer, quieter location.  Much better for carrying on a conversation over dinner.  Cocktails are good, but there aren't as many options as at the SR location, and the menu is different.  Overall, good food, good service and nice atmosphere.
My wife's birthday tonight, so out to Straits Cafe we go with sis-in-law in tow.... prompt seating, nice waiter, the service was really good and I have to compliment them on that whole heartedly - we sat inside, btw. Drinks: strawberry margarita & Cosmo....$8 and pretty dern weak-ass I  might add... on to the food... appetizers - roti prata - gotta get this one...the parathas are thick enough to absorb the nice dipping sauce w/o getting themselves into a pile of mush.... calamari - delicious main entrees - Green Curry - sis in law's dish was high on the heat but average on the main ingrediants...mussels, maybe some other seafood bits Grilled Salmon - wife's dish had 2 rectagular grilled pieces of fish, that were quite tasty and cooked evenly and expertly...veges w/it were an uninspiring blend of white onions, green bell peppers (YUCK!) , red bell peppers (DOUBLE YUCK!) and spices. Lamb Chops w/mustard sauce- great dish, excellent chops, but meager portions here...I know good lamb is expensive but the $25 dish felt like it was $5 a bite. Desserts - chocoloate truffle cake - Jenny is a chocolate lover so this was par for her way of doing dessert.....but this dish was nothing special Fried Banana in crepes thingy's - again, average at best Overall , good experience...can't beat them down to hard for trying to make a buck off some of the stuff...I like the waiters better than the insipid female hostess too....
Get me a mango mojito and some naan bread. Then check, please. Attentive staff, but I was not impressed with the food. Dry chicken and tons of sauce on top. Hit or miss with the fish. Not for me. Maybe for you.
I went to Straits as part of a company dinner and was very impressed. Our server and his team took care of our table for 11 with great ease - with food arriving hot and at the same time for our family style meal.  The wine choices were great as well!  The meal was a success and I will be back again soon to try this place out for lunch!
Good menu, good choices.  My table was all happy with the food, which was very delicious.  Nice inside, and my only problem would be the fact that the waiter was almost downright rude.  Other than that, a fabulous place for a great dinner.
Two words: Roti Prata. For that, I would give Straits a 4.5 stars. As for the rest of the food...it was only okay. The Roti Prata is like a pancake, but it's been pan fried on the outside. It has many, many layers of doughy goodness. Topped off with the mild curry sauce and perfection has been attained! I think I could just eat this as a meal and be very happy. And carb filled. But I would be fine with that! We also ordered the Appetizers for Two which came with two each of the following: * Samosas - Filo dough wrappers filled with peas, carrots, potatoes, and spices and deep fried. Very good! * Ahi poke topped wonton chips - Very generous servings, but I wasn't feeling raw-fish-ish today. * Spring rolls - These were packed chock-full of vegetables. * Chicken Satay - So popular I didn't get to try one. I'll take it to mean they were tasty. We also ordered crab cakes which I thought were just meh. They were breaded and fried. The breading had an odd black-ish tinge to it, though it didn't taste like anything in particular. I was somewhat annoyed to find that they served the cakes chilled...or maybe they had just cooled off in the transition from kitchen to table? Topped with mango salsa and served with wedges of lime. I think these would have been better if they had been kept hot. Main dishes: * Spicy basil chicken - REALLY good. The sauce was delicious, the chicken was tender, the garnish was pretty, and the heat was just right for a lightweight like me. * Garlic chili pepper chicken - This was only meh for me. It was hard to tell the difference between the whole cloves of garlic and the chicken. Also, the chicken was VERY tough, way overcooked. * Nonya Daging Rendang - Basically, flat-iron steak served with thick slices of tomato and pea shoots. The whole thing was pretty salty. Also, we ordered it medium, but it came out medium rare and tasting rather undercooked. The sauce was pretty tasty though, not spicy * Hainan Chicken Rice - A bit of a travesty. The rice was good, but the chicken was super dry and tasteless. Also, we ordered the food family style, but when this was served with the side of soup, they didn't provide us with an extra spoon! * Green beans - Topped with fried something I couldn't identify. It tasted mildly fishy? Not quite sure. They were ok, just regular green beans, though they were swimming in spicy oil at the bottom of the dish. * Parchment wrapped Origami Sea Bass - I didn't get to try this, but it looked good. A fellow diner ordered a salad topped with sliced grilled chicken, but the waiter seemed to forget about it. Finally, someone had to go hunt him down and remind him. It was served probably an hour into the meal, after everything else was served and mid-consumption. We also go the fruit plate and the deep fried banana with vanilla gelato for dessert. I was stuffed at this point, but they were both fairly tasty. The fruit plate came with some REALLY under ripe mango though. Yuck. Also, looking around the dining area, it seemed that Straits has a very extensive and impressive selection of desserts. I would come back for the Roti Prata, but I'm not sure about the other dishes.
When we arrived, we settled into the bar to wait for our table.  I loved the tiny plastic monkey that came with my drink.  When we were finally seated, I ordered samosas.  These were, hands down, the best samosas I had ever had.  Then I ordered an entree.  Maybe it was because I ordered it vegan, but it was terrible.  My husband was also unimpressed with his food.  And it was expensive.  I've never returned here, but have since eaten at the Santana Row location.
The drinks are fierce, and the food is delicious.  I've been here for a birthday party and a business lunch - service was great at both times.
I remember having the sea bass here. Though it was good, I wasn't impressed with something so expensive, yet could've been done at home.
I used to really like Straits, I still do... perhaps I jsut prefer the service at the one in Santana Row. Their cocktails are great and I'm a huge fan of their green curry seafood dish and tuna tartar for dinner. This last instance I went for lunch. The food was ok... but the service was not that great. It took 15 minutes to bring out water after we asked a couple of times. They didn't bring our apps out before our main course like we asked, and they messed up my order.
The location is terrible (on El Camino next to a motel and nothing else), but the excellent Singaporean food makes it worth a visit. The servers are helpful if you're not sure what to order and the presentation was beautiful. I liked the Roti Prata with curry sauce, Samosas and Mee Goreng. Dine family style so you can taste more.
This is the first time I've eaten Singaporean cuisine so I decided to go with something close to what I'm familiar with.  Spicy Basil Chicken.  I was surprised.  The food is quite rich and flavorful.  I'm used to the Thai version of Basil Chicken that comes grounded up and extra spicy.  Being somewhat of a spice-aholic, I found the dish was more on the mild side but I'm sure others would find it just right.  The flavor and richness of the sauce more than made up for the lack of spice though.  I also  enjoyed the Mango Lemonade.
Definitely not an everyday type of restaurant (it is definitely not cheap!), but excellent anyways. Perfect for a special occasion for those that love real good food. Personal favorites include: Roti Prata: Delicious Indian-Singaporean flat bread. Great plain or with the accompanying mild curry sauce. Definitely a must. Ayam Rendang: A flavorful chicken curry, is also one of the best dishes at Strait's. Good for those who enjoy chicken but avoid red meat. The ginger salad is very tasty, nice and light, but full of flavor. The gulai ikan is also delicious, another of their best dishes, a fish curry like dish with okra. Spicy, but not excessively. Has coconut flavor, but doesn't seem too oily. And doesn't taste really salty either. Just perfect balance of flavors. The best dessert is clearly the kueh dadah. It is sort of like a green soft crepe, filled with caramelized coconut, and is absolutely delicious. I have almost never had a better dessert! Clearly a restaurant of unmatched quality.
Straits has a good location but a sign on the door avoiding thief's who break in to the cars. Food could be more original (visually) but is very nice and tasty. Not sure if this is a lunch or dinner place. Surely a place when your hungry I guess :-)
The food is great, but the location and ambience is subpar (especially when compared to the one on Santana Row). I would rather go to downtown Palo Alto for Asian fusion at either Tamarine or Three Seasons.
Their fragrant coconut rice was so sweet and good that it could have been a dessert... Mmm, I've been thinking about that rice for such a long time now...
Some of the dishes are tasty -such as the roti prata and sea bass, but some of the dishes are down right bad and greatly over priced.  The ambiance is nice, but I feel like it's similar to PF Changs - mediocre food at a high price because it is plated pretty and in a nice setting.  Probably will not go back if it's on my dime.
This is one of my family's favorite restaurants.  We love the roti prata bread especially.  Everyone can find a dish to enjoy and then we all share.  The staff is attentive and helpful.  This is our go to restaurant that in our family of 5 we can all agree on.
C- food for A+ prices.  Everything we ordered, including drinks, was disappointing.  I love southeast asian and fusion cooking and have an often-remarked-upon high tolerance for salt, plain food, and dry chicken, so if I thought the various dishes nearly flavorless, really salty, and/or overcooked, then something's gone terribly wrong.  Banned for life.
First of all, the name itself is misleading as I thought it was associated with the fine Straits Restaurants in Santana Row, Burlingame and San Francisco.  This was the first mistake.  I generally try to be balanced in my review of restaurants.  Everyone has good days and bad.  In fact, I had a bad experience at this place the last time I went there too, but thought I would give it another chance.  I will never return to this restaurant again!  The food is mediocre, it is overpriced and could possibly be the worst service in Silicon  Valley.  I felt like I was a transaction at this place which, when it boils down to it, is the relationship between a customer and a server, but don't be so obvious about it!  I had a bit of a cold that evening and decided not to drink.  The server was clearly disappointed that we would not be running up the bill with alcohol and adjusted his service accordingly.  I'm not sure why he was disappointed - not like they need to recover margins given the overpriced cost of the food.  In any case, there is an Olive Garden a few doors down.  I think the experience and cost would have been much better there.
Really good food, and not too expensive (for Palo Alto standards anyway). Try the rhoti (spl?), it's "very" good. In the summer you can sit outside, and they have candles and other romantic sources of lighting, so it's definitely a good place for a date. Furthermore, I liked that they kept enough space between tables, so that one had a certain amount of privacy. I don't know about reservations, but for a weekeend date it might be a good idea. Otherwise, I always recommend Evvia, but I saw that it's already been suggested :).
Not bad not great. The saffron rice was a real stand out.
This place has great decor and used to be one of my favorite places to take business associates for dinner, but the food has really declined lately.  The service used to great, but now the waiting staff don't seem to carry much of a smile.  I had a dinner recently there with 5 people, and the 6 people 18% tip was added automatically.  Some dishes were good, while others have obviously declined.
Out of all straits cafe, this location has the best food in my opinion. I really like the refined taste of each dish. We had the combination appetizers in which we got to taste a little of everything (samosas, satay, bruschetta). We ordered mussels. It was a little small but fresh. We also had the paella risotto which was excellent.
What IS Asian Fusion ANYWAY? A few colleagues and I went here for lunch yesterday. The food was tasty (I generally like southeast Asian flavors) but nothing super unique or spectacular. I probably wouldn't crave this place, but it would be a place to go for lunch with people. Yeah.
hidden gem!  It looks a bit like a dump from the street but if you're looking for Singaporian / malaysian / indonesian food this place is pretty good.   Nicely decorated inside.  Really like the Roti Prata and the Popeia (sp?).  We also had the green curry and the sea bass.  Those were quite tasty.  It's big enough for groups I think and the random weeknight we went service was good and no reservations necessary.  I think our total bill was $100 for 3 people (which included drinks and desserts) which I thought was in line with expectations.
I was skeptical when we arrived. We were the only people in the restaurant at 6PM, granted it was a weekday. And I have no idea what Singaporean food is. I'm not a big fan of Malaysian food, which I'd assume is similar, or of the oily curries I tried in an Indonesian restaurant in Beijing. But it made me a believer. I liked the Thai Ice Tea and the drinks made me wish I'd ordered a cocktail (the lemonade seemed to be popular among our fellow restaurant-goers once people trickled in after 6:30). The tuna tower was seasoned well, but for me the star was the green seafood curry. This is curry as it should be...spicy, sweet, well-flavored and just amazing, addictive....really really good. I'd go back for the curry alone (and maybe a cocktail) but probably that's it. Although the roti people ordered did look good...
Straits Cafe features consistently tasty food, friendly service, and a pleasant atmosphere. All things considered I just find it a little bit overpriced. So, wait until your parents are in town.
Oh man, I love this place. Everything is worth getting....especially if someone else is picking up the bill....go. to. town.
Update - I usually go to the Santana Row Straits Cafe, so imagine my horror when I found myself eating oddly subpar food at the Palo Alto branch (the original branch).  Yikes!  Talk about sliding standards!  The food at this restaurant has fallen down a giant water slide! We had mee goreng, garlic shrimp, roti prata, appetizer plate, some sort of beef dish, chili crab, black pepper lobster, and stirfried veggies. More irritating than the bad food - the waitress tried to upsell EVERYTHING we asked about.  We were a group of 6, but did we really need 2-3 dishes of everything?  Everytime I ordered something, she would ask me - how many?  This was followed by my puzzled, "Um, how small is the portion?"  Immediately followed by her response, "Is only enough for 1-2 people to share, must order another serving for a table this size."  Well....ok then..... Of course, we ended up with too much food.  If the food was better, I might have taken all the leftovers home.  But the mee goreng was mushy and overcooked.  The lobster was tough and chewy.  The crab was impossible to get at, even though the waitress reassured us that the shell would be cracked.  It wasn't enough.  Worst of all, the beef (filet) was chewy and impossible to eat. I'm NEVER going back to that place.  The Santana Row branch might have poached their chef.  The Palo Alto branch is now a disaster!
Safe, sanitized South East Asian food to introduce to your American friends.  Not very spicy (read,... Read more 
I used to love this place.. it was a real let down. The only good thing was the Lychee martini I had and the roti paratha was OK. Chilli Chicken was terrible. Service was good hence the 2 stars.
"The rule is perfect: in all matters of opinion our adversaries are insane." (Mark Twain) It's unfortunate that so many people seem to have had a less-than-great experience at Straits, but hey, that's why you want to check out lots of reviews - people are just going to have different opinions and experiences.  Having eaten at this location many times for dinner, I now count it as one of my favorite dinner restaurants in the area. I have been here with one other person, in small groups, and in larger parties.  The service has always been fine and I find the decor and atmosphere pleasant, but what really makes the place for me is the food.  The roti prata is yummy and it's hard not to overeat on that bready fatty goodness.  I love the Fuji apple and prawn salad, laksi paella, the spare ribs, and ikan pangang (salmon in banana leaf with garlic and lemongrass).  The only reason I'd consider a lower rating is that prices are pretty high. And, yes, it is tricky to find the building.  Even though the address is El Camino, you really want to look for it on Lambert.  Take a good look at the map before heading there.
I love Straits, but the Palo Alto Straits is not under the same ownership as the Burlingame, Santana Row Straits, but they do carry some of the same old recipes. I prefer the Burlingame Ave or Santana Row Straits. Last night, the two of us ordered roti prata, calamari (less than mediocre), spicy garlic noodles with prawns (added) and nonya daging rendang (beef). Quite expensive though. roti prata - I'm a big fan of it in general, but it was too crispy last night for my liking. Still pretty good though calamari - mediocre and cold... so not great. A waste of a dish. We should have skipped this and saved ourselves some money. spicy garlic noodles - We added prawns to this dish. It was excellent! Not spicy at all flat-iron steak (nonya daging rendang) - The beef is pretty good but the yellow (polenta-looking) cake was weird. My friend offered me money to eat the entire piece and I wouldn't do it. Loved the greens (dou miao in Mandarin) sauteed in garlic. So it was my friend's birthday, and they threw in a free dessert! (I secretly told the waiter on my trip to the bathroom) They even put a candle on top.  We had the chocolate cake topped with vanilla ice cream and strawberries on the side. Very yummy. Not too rich and perfect with the ice cream. The wait staff is very attentive with the water and good timing with the food.
I've been here many times in the past.  Haven't been there for a a few years and took my partner there for her birthday this month, as she had never been.  We ordered a few delicious smalls and for dessert we had the best ever chocolate truffle cake--U MUST TRY THIS!
We went at lunchtime and the spicy chicken dish and the fried tofu dish were excellent.  The flavors were great and the presentation was really nice.  The interior is very well done and  peaceful.  Service was great!  We'll be returning soon.
Straits was a disappointment. The shoddy exteriors left us wondering whether we should turn around and dine elsewhere.  The interiors were ok but honestly  I dont think the food or the ambience is by any means phenomenal.   The  variety in the cocktail menu is interesting and its the only reason I am giving it 2 stars..
Loved Straits Cafe for lunch when I worked in Palo Alto. I love the origami seabass, Lamb shanks & spicy beef dishes. I have dropped by the Santa Row Straits and enjoyed the service and food their too. The eye candy is amazing at Santa Row. Love the food, much better than Layang Layang and the atmosphere does not compare.
Outrageously overpriced, but delicious food. ($20 for two skewers of beef? Needs to be Kobe for that price). Service is decent. Food is good - do not misunderstand. It is just not as good as the prices. Dining room is a little loud.
Just came here for dinner at 6pm. The Sea Bass was very salty. chicken and lamp Satay was over cooked. This place used to be good, not any more! Strongly avoid. Expensive also!
Singaporean cuisine (Chinese/Indian/Thai blended together). Good food, small portions.
Great service and decor. They could of sat the 2 of us at a larger table as all our dishes didn't fit. The appetizer sampler was great, roti was excellent. Ribs and chicken was dry and the duck was bland. Even with the little sauce on the side. The rest of the menu looks good. Will try this place again.
The food was good, but we were a party of four and the food was not run to the table cohesively.  The three appetizers we ordered arrived first with two, then the final appetizer.  The entrees arrived one at a time with the last arriving almost 10 minutes after the third. I ordered a mango lemonade which honestly tasted more like a fruit spritzer as there wasn't a strong mango or lemon flavor. We had roti prata, crab cakes and a wrap/egg roll style dish for appetizers.  The whole table was pleased with our selections. I ordered the chili pepper garlic chicken with coconut rice.  The portin was generous.  I didn't finish it all.  My table mates had salmon, pad thai and scallops.  The scallops had a beautiful presentation.  The salmon was generous with two somewhat large fillets. The timing of the food made enjoying our meal awkward though.
Very good Singaporean/Malay/Indonesian dishes. Slightly "manicured": not exactly what you'd see on the streets of South East Asia. Great service. Expensive. Was a hopping place in the 1990s (couldn't get past appetizers without hearing the table next to mine buzzing with "Term sheets" and sneering at huge valuations...)
The food here is consistently good, but the service isn't. Food: the roti is great--crispy/chewy and tasty. We had a risotto paella that was very flavorful though the seafood was neither abundant or particularly great. The grilled lemongrass pork chop was good too, and the appetizers are all solid. The mussels were very good. Service: The other couple we went with remembered the service being sub-par (my wife and I didn't specifically recall any problems on our last visit), and our experience confirmed the recollection. The restaurant was pretty empty on our visit, but the waiter didn't come around all that often. We ordered drinks and our first appetizer appeared with the drinks still nowhere to be seen. We ordered additional roti while we were still eating our appetizers, but it didn't arrive and our plates were cleared, at which point we cancelled the order, since we wanted the roti for the sauces served with the appetizers. The staff is pleasant when they arrive and the bus-staff was attentive; water was refilled promptly, plates cleared appropriately. The food is worth the visit when you're up for Singaporean/Asian/Fusion, but don't expect too much service-wise.
What to say? Another overpriced, mediocre option on the Peninsula. The drive/Caltrain up to San Francisco sure is worth it.  . .
the food used to be great, but it has gone way down hill. Roti Chanai is still good, but the chili crab i used to love has gone the way of all asian restaurants in decline ,which is to come with a sugar laced in sugar. why not, it is the cheapest ingredient in the world, and us round-eyes could never stand the real ingredients, right?
Straits is the generic asian fusion restaurant in the Palo Alto area. In my view it is a step down from Tamarine or Three Seasons, which are both nearby, and are superior in both quality of food and service. This restaurant has a nice ambience, but if its a drinks place you are looking for, Trader Vic's nearby is a better option. As for service, this restaurant has consistently provided poor service in my many business meeting/lunches here.  They seem unable or unwilling to provide basic service to large business groups. The food definitely isn't bad, but is very pricey.  And once again, the above two options provide better priced Asian-fusion food if that's what you are looking for.
Unfortunately not a great experience tonight at Straits in Palo Alto... the standard of the food seems to be getting worse. We had the chicken stays and and the roti prata.  I am sure the chicken satay's were deep fried - which is pretty lazy. For the main courses we had Ikan Pangang - the sauce was so spicy you could not even taste the Salmon, the chicken Ayam Rendang had a nice sauce but the chicken was very dry and over cooked. We also had  pad thai - which was sloppy and had far too much garlic. In all the meal was very disappointingly and we will not be going back soon. This is a shame as Straits used to be good.
WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT ON VALENTINES!!: My BF and I love that place and took his brother and wife visiting from Seattle there for VALENTINE's DAY, (we had high expectation!!) - the food was disgusting, the waiter impolite and the chicken dry and chewy as plastic!! (Cupid the executive Chef that night must have forgot how to cook!!) We will never go back! Such a disappointment. :(
Food was great! Our waiter (sorry, don't remember his name) was funny, fast, and attentive. Think he was a blonde haired guy. Mostly, the atmosphere and food were terrific. I think the food at this Straits is better than the one in Santana Row (but I'm not saying that one is bad). We had a great evening.....Will definitely go back there!
Went here with my colleagues for a team lunch.  There were about 8 of us, and we ordered family style so we got to try a little bit of many different dishes. For me, the 3 stars reflect the hit or miss nature of the dishes.  Some were very extremely good (Sea Bass, paella, lamb), others were not good in the sense that they were overly salty, lacking in nuance, and overly starchy (chap chae, a couple of others that were forgettable). My suggestion is to come in a large group, taste a bunch of dishes, figure out what you like, and then just order those dishes going forward. Oh, and one thing that irked me a little.  Since we were in a large party, the bill included a tip (18%, I believe).  But when I gave them my credit card, it came back with a space to add a tip.  Had I not taken a close look at the original bill, I would have added another tip on top of the included one -- its likely that others have done this accidentally.
Ordered what I thought would be a 'comfort food' dish,  it arrived as an unrecognizable tower.   Once I had knocked it down though, the taste was not as impressive and lacked flavor. This is not a place which first comes to mind when looking for tasty, reasonably priced singaporean/malaysian flavored food, however the atmosphere is fun and good for groups.
This place is over-priced and serves lousy dishes. The noodle was so greasy and bad. The fish was so small and over-priced. The cocktail was simply plain and lame. The waiter answered our question about dishes by reading off the menu.. Come on.. I can read the menu, too!.
I came here having eaten at the Santana Road one and feeling like I would have an overpriced, but delicious meal.  I expected great service because of the high prices.  I left feeling appalled by a very upsetting interaction with their waitstaff.  The hostess was friendly, but the waitstaff was not overly friendly.  That usually is not a problem for me. They brought out our dishes and one of the waiters accidentally placed a dish so that it tipped over my friend's wine glass.  The glass broke and wine spilled all over my friend's shirt.  The waiter brought napkins for her to dab at all the liquid and removed the broken glass pieces, but never apologized.  I thought this was odd, but I thought that they would apologize in the end.   When this has happened in the past, there are usually apologies and the waitstaff  wipes down the  table and the seats that have become wet. Another glass of wine was brought out to replace the one he tipped over on my friend.  At the end of the meal, the main waitress told my friend that she didn't charge for the glass of wine.  I thought  that was the least they could do. I looked at the bill and what she had done was not to charge for the glass of wine that was dumped on my friend.  Not nice.  There was clearly miscommunication because my friend explained that she should not have been charged for either of the glasses of wine because it was spilled on her.  The waitress had thought that my friend spilled it on herself.  I guess the male waiter never told the rest of the service team that he accidentally broke and spilled the glass.   This seems like the kind of thing one should mention to the team so that they can help with apologizing, cleaning up, and making sure that the dinner party feels okay. My friend raised her voice as did the waitress.  The waitress got defensive and loud and made a big deal of not charging for the second glass.  I kept thinking, what happened to "the customer is always right?"  I'm sure it was stressful for her, but I have seen this type of thing handled so much better at far less prestigious restaurants. I just keep thinking that the right thing to do would be to have apologized, cleaned the table, and offered a discount.  I left feeling really upset that we spent my hard earned money and that we were treated very rudely.   I will never return and would never recommend this restaurant to anyone.
Before I begin to sound unreasonable, I would like to point out the positive attributes of my dining experience.  The sinks in the bathroom were very cute.  And the waiter had a nice personality.   So, now that the positive reinforcement is out of the way.  The rest of the bathroom smelled so strong that I worried about suffering lung damage from the fumes.  The ginger salad was the only vegan salad they had and it had so much ginger that I couldn't even finish it.  They also have no vegan salad dressings.  AND NO olive oil.  What nice restaurant has no olive oil???  What kinds of oil are they cooking with back there?  I don't even want to know.  Basically, if you have someone in your group who is a vegetarian, either tell them to bring their own food, or pick another establishment.  Also, we had reservations a week in advance so I feel like our service should have reflected that.  Instead we had a server who repeatedly forgot things and still added an 18% tip (though I'm not sure he earned it.)  I won't ever go back.
For starters....the service was terrible.  Out waiter (sooo tempted to give his name) was the most erratic human being I've ever come across, and we were completely neglected.  He was consistently out of breath (the place was not busy, btw), and mumbling how when we were happy, he was happy.  My dining partner suggested that he was in desperate need of a Valium.  I strongly suspect that he was "high on life."  He also had zero interest in clearing used plates from our table.  Ok, on to the food (when it finally DID come). Well, everyone else already covered how AMAZING the roti bread and curry dipping sauce was.  We almost ordered a second portion.   They were featruring Archetype Shiraz, which I found to be very tasty.  Excellent nose.  I asked for the most authentic Singapore vegetarian entree, but my question was met with a baffled stare.  I ultimately ended up ordering the Olive Nasi Goreng.  The description may prove daunting to some....chinese olives paired with pineapple, amongst other vegetables in coconut rice.  It was unique, (I sure as hell wasn't about to order the pad thai), but just soso.  I may try the okra/ladyfingers if I go back again.  Big "if."  I was most disappointed with dessert.  You simply should not be allowed to f*ck up ginger chocolate cake (it's far too important) but they managed to do it in a very meaningful way.  I've cranked out better shit on my E-Z Bake Oven...
I'd still like to know what our party of five in an uncrowded restaurant did to annoy our server leaving us ignored until we asked for the check.  At that point we got a surly attitude. The food was so so.  We never had our water glasses refilled and were never asked if we'd like another glass of wine or beer.    Too bad this place was highly recommended to us - we'll never go back.  And to think that as we were being seated, the waiter told us that we'd leave with a smile on our face.....um NO.
eh.. 3.5 stars.  i like that its hidden and looks like a total dump fromt he outside.  its nice inside.  hostesses are kind of bitches though (some from my high school back in the day inf act! hahaha) and the servers are kind of pervs.  this place has been inconsistent.  its gotten pretty sad in the past few years.  but hey, i love roti prata and the murtabak.  been here in some good company.  though, once i got some fish steamed in a paper basket and it was horrendous.  i think i might have actually exclaimed, 'this is horrendous!  get a refund, mom!"
asian fusion.  it is surely different.  this is coming from someone whose been eating chinese food all her life.  the price of the dishes was a bit pricey so maybe it wasn't really meant for us chinese/asian ppl.  we like the cheap, big portion chinese food.  there are a few items i like but it's been a while since i've been here and i don't remember what it is... so i guess it wasn't that memorable for me... guess i won't be coming back here again!
this place is absolutely superb. i've come several times, always leaving feeling incredibly happy with the meal. great wine selection. the roti with peanut dipping sauce is an absolute must. you might even need to order another one once the table devours it as mine always do.
good thai style food
For the record, Straits Cafe in Palo Alto is not related to Straits in Santana Row,check out there websites. the food is far superior at Straits Cafe in Palo Alto. I was not impressed with  straits at Santana Row
I had Chow Kwey Teow (a "special") here for dinner.  It was really disappointing.  It was salty but lacking in other spices and flavors.  I grew up in SE Asia, and I've had uncountable kwey-teow (flat rice noodle) dishes, so I know it could've been better.  A lot better.  I wanted the flavors to be fresh and bright, but it was just salty and greasy.  I went in a big group, and we ordered so many different things.  I didn't hear anybody rave about their food.  It was just okay.  And also one thing I didn't like was that they tried to make us order from their fixed price menu, which was like $40 per person with the cheapest option.  I think it was not a good practice.
My girlfriend and I came here with another couple on a double date.  One of the dishes we ordered were the garlic noodles, which were good.
Great food, i had the lamb something which was delish. The decor is casual, staff was nice and responsive.  However, my wife's dish was OK, hence the 4 star.  Wine selection is good, not great
Ewww...I went here after reading all the good reviews and it was one of the worst meals I ever had!  The leche martini was good but that was about it and the bill was $80 for 2 people.
I didn't really enjoy the food here that much, although they do have an exotic menu and the decor is very trendy (it doesn't seem like so from the outside).  The restaurant is very chic, with nice music in the background and a good drink menu.
more to come...
I guess everyone's experience is different, but mine was excellent. Great creative food,wonderful service, equals an amazing dining experience. I've been back several times and same result.
I went to lunch today with a few colleagues. We ordered the lunch special which is actually a choice of four different meals including a delicious Lamb curry, lemon and salmon. The service is curteous and fairly prompt. It is great for groups....try the mango lemonade!
Straits used to be one of our favorites.. the 2 of us would drop by for lunch or dinner OR we could takes guests there with confidence. Alas,  NO MORE! Two meals in a row have been disappointing. Was there yesterday. We were seated promptly. That was the highlight of the experience. We ordered in a timely fashion... and then we waited and waited. Eventually one of the plates was delivered. Again, endless waiting.We had to ask for the other dishes. The food was dismal. The chicken was overcooked and the noodles were clumpy. A huge disappointment.
We had a simple wedding reception here, and everyone loved it. the food was yummy and the servers were professional. We used the outdoor patio that easily accommodated more than 100 people and was gorgeous. The manager was responsive throughout the whole process and tried hard to work with us. The only negative part was that portions were a bit small for all-men tables.
My wife and I really enjoy going to Straits Cafe. Each time we go we order something different and are always satisfied. The Service there is special.
This used to be my favorite restaurant.  But I have to say, I have been disappointed the last 4-5 times we've been there.  The papaya beef curry is still good.  Chicken satay is alright.  Dessert is good too.  I suspect they have a new cook.  I might try of of their other branches.
One of our favorite restaurants.  My kids love the food as well.  We're arrive when the restaurant... Read more 
I've eaten at Strait's about 8-9 times over the past 3 years and the food is usually reliably good.  The green curry seafood, origami bass, and scallop appetizer are great.  The service was terrible.  We had a group of 11 and the waiter delivered the entrees to anyone at the table rather than to the person ordering, brought the entrees at random times (within 15 minutes of each other), and after clearing never returned until after about 15-20 minutes we asked another waiter to bring dessert menus.  Since they still didn't bring them for another 5 minutes, we decided to skip the dessert.  It will be awhile before we go back.
The food was delicious, but the portion was small and overpriced.  My friend ordered the fried banana dessert, and for $7 only received two small half pieces of fried banana with some sauce. The lunch special was almost $20 each, not worth the price.  The bathroom was poorly managed.  All lights were burned out except one, over one stall.  Needless to say...there was a waiting line, since there was no light in the 2nd stall.  Forget applying lipstick...it was too dark! I did mention the issue to the hostess.  I hope they have since remedied the issue.
For some reason, my expectations were shattered in many ways.  First, the place had too many children for what I thought of as place to go on a date.  Lots of noise, commotion and not a place to relax and enjoy a meal.  We have dined there three times (I always like to try a place at least two times in case the restaurant had a bad day).  On all times, even at 8PM, there were lots of young children.  And, nothing against them, but dining on a Friday or Saturday night in an expensive place makes me hesitate from the family atmosphere of this restaurant for any of my special occasions.   So, it must be a "good for kids" restaurant.   Second, the decor is ok,  the patio is nice.  Last, service is very spotty from not noticing you to forgetting to fill water.  We didn't feel welcome on any of the visits - even the hostess was a bit "removed" from reality.  Oh well, lots of other places to dine.
try the chicken stew, its great
Having lived in Singapore for seven years and traveled extensively in Malaysian and Indonesia, I would say that the food is average and the whole concept of a Straits Cafe is misleading since the food is more California Asian Fusion than anything remotely resembling "Straits Cuisine"  as is served in Singapore or Malaysia.  -but fair enough, with good company and drink even the most mediocre food is bearable. My signicant other flew in from Japan, I met her at the airport and we drove down to the penninsula (where I live) to enjoy a late evening, mid-week meal.  The place was by no means full, but there was enough of a crowd to give it some ambiance. After being seated, we were attended by a hostile dominatrix like Asian woman who slammed the menus down and took around 20 minutes to return to our table for our order. Luckly, my GF and I had  a lot to catch up on so the time went by quickly. After taking our orders with some attitude, the waitress screwed up our orders and didn't even apologize or offer to subsitute the dishes.   Secondly, the appetizers came at the same time as the rest of the meal, what put the icing on the cake, so to speak, is that the waitress spilled a glass of  cold water on my GF and just tried to brush off the incident as if it was no big deal.   My GF and I just looked at each other, got up, and just walked out..paying only for the drinks. We ended up going to Old Pro and had a great time the rest of the night.   What makes me give this "restaurant chain" one star is the lousy attitude and poor staff training coupled with high prices. Without the lousy attitudes and high prices.   I would give it two stars. Note to the Restaurant Management:  You are in the Service Business.  If people were just looking for great food, they would cook at home.   For Malaysian Food I would try Penang Village or Layang Layang.....the are both very good and decently priced.  haven't found any Singaporean food anywhere in the Penninsula/South Bay that I would recommend.
