My only gripe with this place are the hostesses. They are terrible! Absolutely no class or common sense. My friend and I were itching for some good sushi and came here on a weekend with no reservations. When we asked for the wait time, one hostess said, "20 to 40" minutes. I've never heard of such a ridiculous time range. After sitting in the bar area for half an hour, another hostess came by to seat us near the sushi bar. She hovered over us and asked us in an extremely rude tone if we paid for drinks from the bar (even though we had no glasses on the table). Apart from that stupid experience, the sushi bar was amazing! Our chef was a woman (the first time I've ever seen a female sushi chef) and she served us with a smile on her face. The negihama maki (yellowtail with scallion), California uramaki, and spider rolls were humongous, fresh, and yummy.
I've been coming to Fuki Sushi for about 3 years now - well before Mark Zuckerberg's wedding. This is by far my favorite sushi place in the Peninsula. I have yet to be disappointed with anything I have ordered. The fire salmon nigiri is a personal favorite. Yes, it's on the more expensive side. But the quality of the sushi you get and the ambiance of the restaurant is superb. They also have private dinner rooms in the back that are very nice.
Came here with friends a few weeks ago and really liked the sheer variety of food and sake. We ordered a few bottles of sake and had everything from udon noodles to traditional sushi rolls. My udon was fantastic! The tempura in it was very tasty and portion size was great. The interior is very well decorated and parking is easy in the lot or on the street. Would definitely come back to try more off the menu!
Palo Alto?  Surprising.  More expensive than most.
Based on the descriptions, I consider this place a "meh, I've had better." Rather than an "A-OK." With all the restaurants around, especially in Palo Alto, I will not be returning here. Let me start off with the good. First, the Diet Coke was perfect. Second, the white rice was absolutely delicious. Lastly, the entree itself was actually pretty good- but what I would consider average for any reasonable sushi place... And below average for what I would expect based on the prices and ambience. Initially, I ordered a lunch entree... You're supposed to select two items. It comes with the traditional fixings. I wanted two teriyaki chickens... instead of one chicken and one of something else. The waitress said "no".... And instead suggested the teriyaki chicken meal... I'm not sure what the difference is at the end of the day, but the meal was quite small and also more expensive. misu sushi in San Jose is literally twice the size. Also, I was at a business lunch- and once we got our check, the waitress literally hounded us to sign the bill.... Kept checking back every 3-4 minutes... And finally asked us to sign it. I thought that was rude. It is amazing she kept asking us for the check... Because she only came by once in the prior hour to ask us if we wanted a refill on our drinks. Anyway, any restaurant that says "no" to serving an item that is not only on the menu, but can very clearly be made, is no restaurant I wish to ever go back to. "No" should never be an answer... Especially when you can say "yes" and satisfy the customer m
Raise your hand if you went to this place because Mark Zuckerberg ordered from this place for his secret wedding. Okay other than that, this place is very overrated. I paid $25 for a regular chirashi bowl and it was... crap. Relatively speaking. At Sushi Ota (see my SD list), for that price, it's a deluxe chirashi bowl with real uni and toro on top of the regular sashimi. Plus the rice isn't overly dry which incidentally is what sushi is actually supposed to be about. I ordered an order of uni because that's how I judge a sushi restaurant. I'd have to say this failed miserably. It's got that bad fish taste and it fell apart easily. Not fresh and sweet and served cold. I regretted my decision. The ambience is really nice for sure, but 50% of the time, that screams unauthentic. The menu shows that it's still trying to be real Japanese food, but the quality is sub par to what Japanese standards should be. When I asked our server what kind of fish are in the chirashi dish, she says, "normal sashimi." I said, "Okay... but what kind of fish is in that?" And she gave me this "why are you asking me" look. I'm sorry if I'm with 2 other non-Asian people and I look too young to understand fine dining, but seriously lady, I know my sushi, so answer my damn question. Anyway I think she mumbled something like salmon, yellowtail and tuna. I was listening for "toro" and "uni' and didn't hear it, so I ordered the side of uni. I guess it is the best in palo alto though. Still not saying much.
Definitely among the higher end of the sushi spectrum, which is reflected in both price and menu options.  The decor of the place is very cool, and service is great. The sushi itself is generally quite good.  I've been a few times and the food has always been fresh.   However, I only give it three stars because of the relatively small portions and relatively high price. For those reasons, Fuki is not a place I would generally go when I crave sushi--but I'm also no sushi connoisseur.  It is a place to go when guests or clients request sushi.
More like 3.5 stars. I got the sushi lunch, which came in a nicely bamboo-shaped bowl/plate. The fish were fresh and not bad. Though I expected that they should have had more types of fish than the 3 or 4 they provided. Chicken karage appetizer was alright. It was not very flavorful. The black sesame creme brulee was great. It was not too sweet and the texture was perfect. Just don't be scared of having grey custardly matters.
This is for catered sushi only, but today was my first time trying Fuki Sushi, and it's delicious! I recognize the name as I believe they also catered Mr. Facebook's wedding. Even the catered set up was gorgeous, with the wooden sushi boats and all. The dragon roll, with tempura, unagi and avocado was superb. I love how they add a lot of yellow roe to the rolls as well. I also had a piece or a rainbow roll and california roll, again delicious. I saved the best for last, salmon! I believe it was the Alaska roll, and it was definitley best to save it for last. The salmon so fresh was amazing! I can't wait to go here in person.
Spicy agedashe tofu made with Spicy garlic sauce. Yum. I like this dish better spicy Nabeyaki udon. Shrimp n veggies tempura. Fishcake and veggies. (This one is hard to share. but it has some good flavors in it) Spider kobashii age Japanese beer battered soft Shell crab w goma mayo sauce. (So good. we were fighting over the pieces of this one) Kanpachi amberjack. Super fresh and clean taste! (If you're scared of trying raw fish. try this, it won't feel like it's raw at all) Rainbow roll Spicy tuna roll Spider roll solid sushi rolls, super fresh fish. great place to try sushi for the first time. or a nice quiet-ish night out on a double date.
Tonight marked my first visit to Fuki Sushi, and man was I impressed, both with their sashimi as well as their beef! What an amazing restaurant! The restaurant itself has a very lively ambiance. The bar in the first room is what greets you, and the patrons there can be quite animated. The next room features tables and a sushi bar, where you can sit on pillows. The overall ambiance is quite simple, but with elegance. Service is extremely friendly. Although all of the chefs and staff operating behind the counter were Asian, the server was about as blonde as you could get. Dressed in a kimono, she was very bubbly and effervescent, smiling and enthusiastic about the menu. She was extremely friendly, and certainly gets high marks for her ability to interact with customers. Both of the menu items that I ordered were off of their "specials," and both were really impressive. The first was a two piece order of their Kanpachi (amberjack) sashimi. It was caught off the coast of Hawaii, and was really very fresh. The flavor was delicate, mild, and refreshing. A great start to the meal! Following that, I ordered the Waygu Ishiyaki (also off the specials menu). It was a thinly sliced beef that was a hybrid of the domestic Wagyu and the Japanese Kobe. You were given the raw meat and a heated stone to cook it on. It also came with two sauces: a miso sesame sauce and a ponzu sauce with chili daikon. The beef itself was exceptional; it was very, very flavorful, and also had a nice tenderness to it. A truly amazing flavor that you certainly don't experience everyday. But the sauces paired with it really made the dish. I tried the meat by itself, with each sauce individually, and at the end, I simply dipped it in both sauces. The sauces complemented both the meat as well as each other very well! The sesame miso was a slightly sweet sauce, and had a good, mild flavor to it. The ponzu sauce was citrusty, and courtesy of the chili daikon, had a great spicy flavor to it, too. When combined with their wonderfully flavorful beef, it made for just a perfect dish. One of the best I've had anywhere. One word of advice if you order this dish (or another that may use the hot stone): move your meat around constantly or else it will stick to the hot stone! The first piece of meat, I just left to cook on the hot stone, and it stuck a lot. So, some of the meat I couldn't get off of the hot stone at all, and by the time I got what I could off of it, it was quite well done. After that, I constantly flipped my meat over from one side to the next and back again, and it prevented any sticking. This minor issue aside (which is totally preventable if you do it right!), Fuki Sushi struck all the right chords. Amazing sashimi. Even better kobe and Wagyu beef. Couple their truly exceptional food with some very friendly and enthusiastic service and you have all the makings of an exemplary restaurant.
I came here for dinner with one of my best friends. Servers are friendly, the environment is very home-like Japanese style. The food was super fresh. If you go to nor cal, stop by this sushi spot. It has got to be some of the freshest fish I have ever had! I definitely plan to come here again. Enjoy!
QUALITY. I must admit it is not cheap, but why would you want to go to a cheap Sushi place? High quality fresh fish comes at a price. And it's definitely worth it here. If your complaint about this place is price, go somewhere else. If you want quality and unique specialties, give this place a shot. I promise, you will not be disappointed! And make sure you make a reservation - they're always busy on the weekend! :)
The different sashimi sampler plates are the way to go!  There are a few spread out throughout the menu and on the daily specials sheet.  The mackerel was particularly fresh and tasty, but everything was excellent. The katsu chicken tasted like a gourmet version of McDonald's chicken nuggets, very fried.  Not sure if thats a good thing, but nostalgic for sure. A vegetarian soba noodle bowl was great for a rainy day.
I came here just to eat rolls with my friends who had not eaten sushi before. They did not have a lot of variety of rolls, however, it is supposed to be on the higher end of sushi. However, the rolls were small, and most came with only 4-6 pieces. The service was very slow. I've had better sushi elsewhere, and for a lot cheaper. However, I may have to order sashimi or other japanese food if I ever go back there. I wasn't greatly satisfied when I went though, so we will see if I will return.
Ordered some nigiri for take-out on a sunday night. Hamachi, salmon, scallop, halibut, etc -- the usual fish -- came home to eat -- the quality of the fish was very poor, I could see white veins on some of the cuts, the fish was "dead", and there was too much rice. I had heard about this place because they supposedly catered for Mark Zuckerberg's wedding, and some of the other reviews seemed pretty good, but my first experience was probably my last.
Great fresh sushi at a price you should expect .
A group of 6, including me came here for lunch last Friday. It was easy to get a reservation, which makes me happy. We were there to celebrate a co-worker's birthday. Our waitress was nice enough. She came by to take drink orders pretty much right after we were seated. Then she came back awhile later to take our orders. Then we waited. And waited. And waited some more. I ordered edamame for an appetizer and that finally came out about 10-15 minutes after we ordered. After about 25 minutes all the entrees came out. Thank goodness the sushi was decent. I had the unagi avocado roll and the spicy tuna roll. Both were tasty. The spicy tuna roll wasn't as spicy as I thought it might be, but still good. The unagi roll was extremely tasty. The fish was fresh and the sweet bbqed unagi was a perfect match with the tender avocado. They provided the b-day girl with a scoop of green tea ice cream and fresh strawberries/blueberries, which I thought was nice. The green tea ice cream was really good. Not too sweet. Then we waited some more for our check. I understand that splitting 4 ways on different cards can be difficult, however, it seems like it shouldn't take more than 5 minutes... I believe we arrived at 12:20ish and didn't leave until close to 2pm. So my advice, if you have plenty of time, this place has decent sushi.
This is one of my favorite date night places.  Its reasonably priced with a quiet atmosphere. However we do tend to leave a little hungry- we come for the flavors rather than to get full. The parking situation is not great so we walk here when we can. My boyfriend does not eat sashimi *yet* so I cannot give you a good review of the sashimi here.  However the atmosphere is at just the right noise level for a date with partially obscured booths for intimacy.  We almost always order several chef's specials for the night and a unagi roll or avocado. We've received a slew of different meats in the specials from eel to crab, squid to salmon and only been disappointed with one (oyster). They all tend to be well cooked and paired minimally with spices and oils. Their sake menu reads like a wine tasting list and I'm always impressed with whichever we decide to order. We tend to pay $30-50 for some sake and 3-4 rolls.
Positives: the place is very nicely decorated, the ambiance is very pleasant and the staff is super nice. Negatives: parking is a problem, a little overpriced for the quality of food but the food is not bad. BIG NEGATIVE: waited for 50 minutes from the time of order to getting a Lion King roll. C'mon! That along will not get me to come back.
I used to go to Fuki at least once every two weeks when I lived near it, and now visit Fuki almost every time I am in Palo Alto. Always fresh, lots of choices. Their nasu dengaku is the best! If you have time to make a reservation in advance, try their tatami rooms. Nice touch for a special dinner or meeting (but I believe they have a minimum charge so please ask).
Wow, just wow. There's aren't very many Japanese Sushi restaurant out there on this caliber of freshness and quality. The food is delicious! The decor is great, spacious, romantic and a little dim lit, which normally is a turn off for me since Japanese restaurants are typically small and very un-romantic. The food here has fantastic decor and atmosphere without sacrificing the quality of tasty food. The grilled appetizers called Kushiyaki Mori come with a petite grill just a few inches wide and sits on the table and warms itself up. I ordered the Iso Yose Mori, which comes with 17 pieces of the chef's selected sashimi. It was delightful but was saddened that the $38 entree didn't include Uni. The sashimi was plentiful and were decently sized. With the appetizer, I was easily full and had difficulty finishing my food. All in all the restaurant has an upscale feel, great food, and decently priced. The service was excellent, the waitress was very accomadating and checked with the sushi chef directed to make sure our specific orders and special requests were met (we asked for seared salmon belly, ankimo, and escolar).
Best sushi restaurant I've been to in the Bay Area (but that's not to say that I've been to very many.) The environment was very meditative and it did have a little bit of Japanese zen-like music.  On the menu, they even described the health benefits of different ingredients used in sushi! And after browsing their website, it seems that they offer sushi workshops where you can go with a group to make your own sushi. But anyways, when I went, I ordered the salmon chirashi. Good job to Fuki Sushi, haha. Such fresh fish, and the consistency and taste of the rice was heavenly. I'm sure their other dishes taste just as good. I also tried the Agedashi tofu, which was not bad. But I'm more of a fan of sushi/sashimi when it comes to Japanese food, and Fuki Sushi hit the spot quite elegantly. It's relatively expensive, but the service and food quality is worth the money.
A group of us came in to celebrate a co worker's birthday. Service was a little slow, and we understood that it would be during lunch hour. The restaurant was pretty full when we got in. The thing I can't really shake off is that the crowd died down after a few minutes of being seated and the service was still slow :( I did admire the decorated patio and Japanese garden theme outside. Even the waitresses were dressed in kimonos! I was also impressed to see the bus boy wearing a tie. I can't complain about the quality of fish. I got the yellow tail and green onion roll. A simple 6-pieces was just enough to fill me with my order of Ochazuke. Ok, I'm Japanese, right...and yes, I'm not very in touch with my Japanese roots (sad) but never have I had the dish I ordered. It was very interesting, and very artsy! The broth part came in a teapot (which was very flavorful and the best part of the meal) with a separate bowl of rice. I ordered it with the salmon which came in a different plate. I'm not sure if I was supposed to pour all the broth into my rice... so I put just enough to have some soup in my spoon with the rice and I would put a piece of salmon on top. It was.... just OK. I had enough soup after eating all my rice and salmon so I poured the rest into my empty bowl and slurped up the rest of the soup. THAT was the best. This place was on the pricier side, and they have TONS to order on the menu. Another thing to consider is how long we spent at the restaurant during lunch.
The selection and quality of the food were above average, while the welcome and the service made us feel we were not the customers they hoped would walk in. We were told to wait without a smile from the man at the front, then when we walked in, we found there were at least two empty tables. There were long lapses between being handed our menus and taking our order, for drinks and food. The food when it arrived was good, without being exceptional. Nigiri sushi pieces are very small. The waitress did not return after bringing our food except to tell us the kitchen was closing. When we left , the man at the front made a point of ignoring us, no smile or thank you. I found this reception most un-Japanese. One cannot expect that every customer who shows up to be the venture capitalist or tech ceo to whom they dream of serving the same food at the same prices.
Fuki Sushi has excellent sushi and traditional cooked Japanese food. If you're eating in the restaurant (as opposed to the sushi bar section), ask your server for the sushi specials. They're always exquisitely fresh. You can't go wrong with anything you order. Shabu shabu is worth writing home about. If you can, reserve a traditional tatami room ahead of time. They're very popular, so you do need to do it a couple of days ahead of time. In the summer, the tiny Japanese garden patio off the sushi bar is a great place to dine. Sushi here isn't cheap, but its VERY high quality. If you're looking for cheap sushi head for Miyaki on University Avenue.
I've had really good experiences here.  Everything is fresh and many items are creatively prepared.  The decor is a little played out, but whatever.  It is a little bit pricey, but I'd rather pay extra for freshness when eating raw fish.
4.5 stars! I just moved to the Bay Area from Vancouver, BC - home of probably the BEST sushi in North America for a very good price.  As a result, I have incredibly high standards for sushi and I had yet to find anything comparable in the Bay Area until I tried Fuki Sushi. The sushi here is very fresh and good!  Love that they have a very good selection of nigiri and rolls.  Be careful as the spicy rolls are REALLY spicy!  All of the cooked items we had were equally good as well.  Their $3 house salad is excellent and comes with a really nice sesame dressing.  They have an extensive menu of all the traditional Japanese favourites. The ambiance is quiet and zen-like and upscale.  Service was excellent as well. Minus .5 stars because the food almost came out too fast :)  It was almost like we called in our order before we got there as it literally took 2 minutes for gyoza to arrive. LOL Dinner for two came to $90 including tax, tip and some sake. Looking forward to becoming a regular here in my new city!!
Place is nicely decorated when we walked in and got seated quickly. I got their Iso Yose Mori- 17 pieces chef's choice selected sashimi- the fish was pretty fresh, I wasn't expecting anything lower. Just thought there could've been more variety of fishes, some were seared tuna, tuna, salmon belly, ami ebi, ikura, a quail egg and halibut. The pieces just came in 2's or 3's to make up the 17 pieces. Maybe I should've counted because it sure didn't seem like 17. Ika was pretty decent here also, ordered that on the side. Overall, probably a little over priced, but it wasn't bad in quality. Nigiri only comes by the piece not pair.
My boyfriend and I dined here once while I was visiting him in Berkeley. We decided to check this place out because we were in the mood for sushi. And I must say Fuki Sushi was much better than what I expected. We ordered a variety of sushi and appetizer dishes and we were pleased with everything that we ordered. It was pricey, but that's how most sushi places are: quality over quantity. The environment was also very nice and the service was attentive and friendly. If it wasn't so far way, I'd like to eat here again and try the other dishes.
I wasn't particularly impressed when I dined here with my father. It's got a great ambiance and service, with their beautiful interior decorations and waitresses dressed in Japanese kimonos. Definitely a good place to be if you're trying to impress someone with the ambiance. However, food-wise, while it was pretty and fresh, it was nothing spectacular. I think I've been spoiled from eating sushi all the time in LA, and Fuki Sushi paled in comparison. Plus, the serving sizes were extremely small considering the price. Overall, go there for the service & nice environment, but expect it to be pricey.
Sushi is my favorite food - and this is my go-to spot in the Palo Alto area. Granted, I haven't tried many other high-quality sushi spots in my 2 years being here... But I promise, that's only because I just want to go back to Fuki. Ambiance is nice, they bring you green tea... etc. But it's all about the roll selection and fish quality. I LOVE their Futo Maki rolls. Best I've ever had. If I had to pick a con, I'd say it would be wait time - even if you have a reservation, you usually have to wait a minute or two to get seated - and it takes a while for food to arrive.
It's one of those fancy-pants places that's all about the ambiance. Nothing we had was great - average at best.  We tried various rolls and chef specials and I though ... meh. The thing that bugged me was the Omakase dinner was a bento box.  seriously?
Positives: The building and environment settings are excellent. The interior is also nice. We were excited when we entered into this restaurant. Negatives: The food we ordered came out nothing interesting. The material may be fresh. But, it did not taste fresh at all after cooked. The fried fish was too dry. The Sukiyaki and Gyoza were also very plain. Overall: it is sad that their food does not match their looking.
solid sushi.
I'm not a sushi person but my coworkers wanted to hit sushi so we ended up here. For an appetizer I got the asparagus & sirloin roll. Which was basically a couple small pieces of asparagus wrapped in steak. They were surprisingly good although they looked pretty strange. For drinks they mainly focused on sake & Japanese beer, but also had an interesting selection of Japanese whiskys. I had a glass of one of the 12 year selections and it was surprisingly good. For my meal I had the panko chicken which was a bit of on the dry side, but was decent. The serving of rice was a little on the small side. The service was a bit on the slow side, but not painfully so.
Occasion: Lunch with co-worker What I Had: Chicken teriyaki Food Review: Too little chicken, too much sauce! Usually I love it the other way around ("More sauce the merrier!"), but this time I think they went a little overboard on the sauce. They gave a lot of veggies though, which isn't my fav part. Service Review: Service was fine! Our waitress was very nice, and she was careful to not disturb my co-worker and I when we were busy talking. Venue Review: Aside from the fact that this place is right by a busy street, I like this venue! It has a really feng shui design about it, and the architecture both exterior and interior are both in traditional Japanese style. Overall Impression: Nice place to come for average food, but nice environment.
I just came back from dinner at Fuki Sushi and I am rummaging through my fridge for some food. I'm still hungry :/ Fuki Sushi provides a very mellow, almost zen-like dining experience. The decor is upscale, which is enhanced by dim lighting and a traditional Japanese set up. However, the lack of any type of music and the overall largeness of the restaurant makes for a very quiet environment (at least in the main dining area). There may be another part of the restaurant that is not as formal, but if it exists, we were never informed of it. The food is pricey and the portions are small. I assume that this is how food is served in higher end restaurants, but I still wish I had more on my plate. I ate every bite of the chicken teriyaki dinner and was still not full at the end of the meal. I thought that the steamed rice and slices of chicken were good, though. I can maybe see myself coming back here for a business meeting or maybe a date, but  the environment was too dull and quiet for my liking. I love vibrant, fun restaurants with expressive people, conversation, music, and an overall upbeat time. The people sitting around us at Fuki Sushi were mostly Japenese and they were extremely quiet. Even our waitress whispered most of the time (although she was extremeley nice and provided fantastic service). It just wasn't my style (not to mention, too expensive and the restaurant closes a bit early, at 9:30PM on weekends ) so I don't think I will be back. But I would recomend this restaurant to others that are looking for a higher end, super mellow traditional Japenese meal.
I've been here twice, and overall had good experiences.  Dinner for two with an alcoholic drink each came to around $50 which I think is reasonable. The food and service were very good.  Its also walking distance from my house which is a big plus. The only downside was its a little quiet for me, so the second time I went I sat at the bar.  Ill be back for sure!
I've eaten a lot of sushi, and Japanese in general, since moving to the Bay Area in '96.  In Silicon Valley, this is THE PLACE in my opinion.  An extensive menu of traditional offerings in an elegant and peaceful atmosphere. The chefs take care to balance flavors and season the rice just right.  The fish is very fresh, and there's never too much rice in the roll. In the main dining room, there are a number of partially enclosed booths lining the windows.  If you're bringing a date, try to get one of these -- it's romantic and intimate, and the view outside is usually an artful planting of bamboo or other plant against a backdrop of wood. The people providing service are polite and warm.  The seasonal flower arrangements are beautiful and interesting. I love fish sushi, but my favorite roll here, surprisingly, is the vegetable tempura roll.  A bland choice at other restaurants, but here they add some lettuce and only a minimal amount of rice making the roll much better.  Ask them to add tobiko on top.  It's astonishingly good this way.
The fish here is wonderfully fresh and well prepared (Their nigiri is untraditionally served as singles instead of a pair).  The decor and ambiance is quite cozy: slow and calming.  However, these two points may be the only positives for Fuki. Fuki is quite expensive for the minuscule potions they offer.  The service is extremely slow and relatively unhelpful.  During lunch, the waitress managed to spill hot tea on my friend.  There were no apologizes, but rather, a rushing off.  They did return with napkins to clean up the spill, but even this was done with their signature slow service. Fuki seems like it is more oriented towards serving the "business meetings over dinner" type.
please see the photo attached to my profile.  the small sushi pieces are fuki, the larger ones are from whole foods. I am re-writing this review, because somehow my previous one was deleted.  Hmmm... Basically, overpriced, ignored reservations made for business meeting, food not that special.  Not enough parking.  Looks like someone deleted my last post somehow. Go else where.
Fuki sushi is consistently over rated like an American Idol.  Just check out my photos the large... Read more 
I feel like the people that love this place, when I ask them "how do you like the sushi at  --- I insert 5 sushi place names from SF down to SJ here ---" they always go "oh I haven't tried those yet" Seems to me that this sushi place gets rave reviews and love from those that live near it and eat mostly around El Camino and downtown Palo Alto. Compared to the sushi there, sure, it's great. But for the price, I felt ripped off for the quality I was getting. Service is slow (sometimes unbearably slow) and snooty at times. The quality for some fish was fantastic, not great for others. So vs. other sushi places (Kaygetsu, Tomi, etc etc) this place is middle of the road 3 stars, and loses 1 more star for service and pricing.
The food was fine and quite expensive for sushi restaurants. The ambiance was strange and uptight, I did not like it at all. I have no desire to return to this place. The service was fine.
gotta tell ya - place is actually pretty good.  used to be favorite spot a while back before it got really popular... then the quality went down... went back recently and was pleasantly surprised...
I have been craving for sushi for a good week and when I had the opportunity to pick where to eat from a sleuth of other restaurants, I chose this place.  Although the reviews were mixed, I had to try it for myself and found it not to shabby. The place is unique in that it is a more modernized than what I have seen in other sushi bars.  The mere fact that it has it own bar as you enter and a separate dining area was very refreshing.  As we got seated, we were given a set of menu which included the main dinner menu, a sushi and sashimi list and an alcohol ( sort of like a wine list). What my dining companion and I saw which caught our attention was the dinner list which literally is comprises with different sushi and sashimi along with a soup or a salad to complete a meal.  That would set you back $25.  We chose this to share and ordered a few other entrees to our ever so growing appetite.  We each got a bowl of their not so great looking salad.  Mediocre to say the least.  But their spicy California roll is the bomb.  A real chunk of crabmeat not imitation one that fulfill my crab loving .  Their salmon and scallop tartare was not bad.  But I had better..... The wait staffs were nice and courteous which made the dining experience bareable along with a nice attractive ambience.  Why I only gave a 3 stars......First of all, I had much better sushi.  Their prices for really ok sushi and sashimi is astounding!  Their sashimi were in fact pretty fresh but didn't have that "wow" factor in presentation, quality as well as taste.  And one other reason I knocked a star from them is that my friend ordered a miso soup and they gave him a salad. WTH?!!! Again, not a bad place for sushi.  Given that there is such an ever growing sushi bars along the peninsula, why settle for mediocre sushi.  I always believe that quality shouldn't cost an arm and a leg and some.......
Fuki Sushi is a place to take a client or a date to impress them. It is not necessarily a great place to catch a casual lunch or dinner. Prices are some of the highest I've seen in the bay area, but they offer very high quality Japanese fare to match. The restaurant itself is split into two spaces: a main dining room, and sushi bar room.  But unless you are at a formal gathering or trying to impress someone, I recommend the latter. The main dining room may be elegant, but I think it's too cold and impersonal. Lunch 1: My unagi-donburi and seaweed salad set me back $22 and portions were small. But it was perfect and delicious. Lunch 2: The agedashi tofu ($6) was huge; Good but not best I've had; My hamachi nigiri was pricey ($5.20) but it was "like butta"; The ebi tempura roll ($8.75) was large and tasty but a bit hard to eat. Still, a satisfying meal, even though they forgot my miso soup. (They didn't charge me for it). My one other nit about Fuki Sushi has to do with the bipolar setup mentioned above. If you are seated in the more inviting sushi bar section, you are only given a sushi menu. If you want the lunch menu in there, it feels like a special request (in either case, the sushi chefs hover expectantly). For this reason I feel mildly uncomfortable eating at Fuki Sushi for a solo lunch, which means I will tend to go elsewhere.
I ate here once with a date and I was surprised that a simple dinner for two came up to about $65 when all we ordered were bento boxes. So that's roughly about $32 per bento box. I've eaten at other Japanese restaurants before and it never has been that high. So with that kind of price, you would expect a lot of food or terrific service, none of which was the case. I asked if the sashimi could be all salmon as this was my favorite, I was denied and told that everything is chef's choice. The food, honestly, is not even way better than other Japanese restaurants I've eaten at. It's about the same in taste, no more, no less. So why pay more for the same taste, same serving right? I can easily get the same bento box for half the price elsewhere. And those other restaurants will even give you what you want (i.e. all salmon for sashimi). If there's one thing I liked about Fuki Sushi, it's the interior decorations. It's really beautiful inside. But otherwise, save your money. You will find a Japanese restaurant that will give you what you want and give it to you for half the price, only maybe with less-pleasing interior decorations.
Every quarter, my company selects the best performed individuals and takes them out to a nice fancy dinner. They decided to go to Fuki Sushi this quarter and I was lucky to be one of the chosen ones. I am warning you my review will be biased since I 1.) got to eat and drink the best Fuki Sushi has to offer and 2.) didn't have to pay a single dime. Ambiance We got our own private tatami room which was very nice and surprisingly comfortable. I've been to some tatami rooms where you are playing footsie the whole night with the person in front of you. The tatami rooms here actually have the bottom carved out so it feels like you're sitting on a normal table with plenty of leg room. Yeah, playing footsie with your boss, NOT COOL. The rooms also had a sliding door which allowed us to get drunk and rowdy without bothering anyone else. Food & Drinks We basically sat down, didn't look at the menu and asked the waitress to get us plenty of appetizers, sushi, and saki. We got the Chef's Special Sashmi which had a variety of fresh fish. There were some things on the platter which were very odd tasting, but overall pretty good quality. Out of everything I ate the whole night the three things I liked the most were the Beef Ishiyaki, Fire Salmon, and their Toro. Great sushi, but I probably wouldn't come back here if I had to pay out of my own pocket considering how pricey it is.
Used to come here a lot when I worked in Palo Alto... not by choice. My coworker loved this place and dragged me here constantly. She had the money to spend here, I had money that I rather spend elsewhere. They have fresh fish, I'll give them that. Their bento boxes ($13) are overpriced for what you get and their rolls are really small. I'd probably end up spending at least $50 bucks to be truly full and for lunch, that's insane. Their spicy rolls are not really "spicy". They add this delicious spicy mayo but it isn't very spicy. The mayo does add a little flavor to it.
A good sushi option on the peninsula, but a bit overpriced for the portion size. Everything was delicious and fresh though, and service was great. The toro was really good. We also ordered a bottle of sake for the table and they have a decent selection, complete with a sweetness level rating. Warning, some rolls only come with four pieces. You might want to consider a quick pre-dinner.
CONS: -Our reservation wasn't ready at the promised time. So we had to wait for a while to get our seats. -Gluten free menus/soy sauce was no where to be found -Extra charge when requesting hot sauce? -Waited for 50+ minutes for food!!! And on top of that our waitress informed us that the kitchen was closing - before our food ever arrived, so we had to order our desert early. -Portions = super small. Not just for the fish - for everything. -Cost = high (when considering portion size and slow service) PROS: -Wonderful ambiance and decor -High quality sashimi and nigiri It was nice to have checked it out - but since it may seem that I'll need to order my food 1 hour prior to arrival - I think I'll pass!!! Sorry Fuki Sushi! You let down a group of 30! :(
I have to say, I've been here twice and they serve some of the freshest sushi in the Bay Area that I have had.  Prices are high, however. What I like about this place is that they have a lot of the traditional Japanese dishes you cannot find at a lot of other "Japanese" restaurants these days.  Everything I had here was pretty good, and quite reminded me of Japan. I ordered some Toro here, and it was very good.  The grilled rice balls were also good.
Very nice atmosphere and food. Service was good, even though we had to wait 40 minutes by the entrance before we were seated. When I had to go to the ladies' room while I was waiting, I noticed many empty tables and wondered "what gives???". The avocado cucumber maki sushi rolls were very simple and delicious, as was the chirashi. The rice was perfectly seasoned and the sashimi was fresh and delicious. However, the shrimp was not cooked well and was quite rubbery and flavorless. The tea was always served hot.
We waited and waited in line for over 20 minutes at Naomi Sushi (even though the place was half... Read more 
Sometimes "establishments" are tired but Fuki Sushi just keeps going and going so they must be doing something right--and that's sushi rolls!  Must-tries are the oyster uramaki and spider rolls, and order them spicy if you can.  Service is usually very good when it's not too busy, and part of the novelty of dining here is that the servers still wear kimonos.  A little pricier than most casual sushi restaurants.
I love their ebi (excuse me if I pronounce it wrong), really fresh. I've tried couple place before but Fuki is the best so far. They also have the tempura roll which is good as well. My waiter is super nice and good at recommending stuff. Well done Fuki, will come back for more
This is the coolest Sushi place I've seen in the bay area. They have Japanese style seating and booths with paper lamps and windows. The staff is extremely courteous and attentive. Loved our sushi too.
Every trip to Fuki Sushi is a different one - sometimes two stars, sometimes five.  Because of this, I give them three. The sushi is good, but seems to be more American sushi than Japanese.  The sushi chefs are nice, but they will always try to upsell you if you sit at the sushi bar.  This is a bit annoying.  The wine list is decent.  The hot tea good.  The variety of rolls is a little below average. I would recommend it for a business lunch because of the atmosphere, but if you want better sushi for the price head up the street to Sushi House in Town & Country.  It may not be as chic, but it's fabulous, especially for the price.
Fuki Sushi is by far one of the best Japanese restaurants on the Peninsula. It's run by actual Japanese people, which helps, and the menu has a huge variety of Japanese dishes. I can get any of my standard favorites - tempura, udon, chicken teriyaki, dragon and spider rolls - but there are also a million things on the menu I've never heard of before. I've never had a bad meal at Fuki Sushi, and we've actually booked the two tatami rooms in the back for dinner one night of graduation weekend this June. It's a great place for an intimate dinner, a family dinner, or a larger group.  I took my brother and a group of his friends here for his birthday last week, and we were seated promptly (despite not having a reservation), served quickly, and everything was completely hot and delicious. It's not cheap (nor is it excruciatingly expensive), but let's be honest - would you really want cheap raw fish? Does that sound like a good idea to you? My family loves Japanese food, and Fuki Sushi is definitely at the top of our list when they're all in town. If you don't know what to order, ask the waitress - they typically have very good suggestions. You should also try a Japanese beer (my favorite is Sapporo) with your sushi.
Lunch recommendation:  Donburi Rice.   It is sashimi artfully placed over a bowl of seasoned rice with seaweed... tasty looking and it doesn't disappoint.  Also its a pretty good deal compared to some of the other choices.
This review is for catering/larger order experiences only!  My company works with Fuki for events and lunches.  I've always had a very satisfactory experience with them. Higlights about the carryout experience: 1. The food always is high quality and fresh.  The sushi, tempura, teriyaki chicken/beef, whatever you order - they will do a better than decent job. 2. They are super efficient and time-conscious - they have the system down.  The delivery is seamless and the staff are very friendly. 3. Prices - I feel that the prices are pretty competitive to other sushi places.  It's not cheap - but it's definitely not more expensive than others.  Plus, if you do larger orders, they always squeeze in a few special dishes free or charge. Thinking about a catered sushi lunch?  Fuki!!!
Really really REALLY great sashimi! :-)   tried their catering at a mate's wedding tonight and now can't wait to go and pay a visit to the restaurant itself soon
It was ok, service was very slow.  We only ordered sushi and it took 1/2 hour to get our food, even though there were 4 sushi chefs working behind the sushi bar. Don't get me wrong, the fish was good, but I have had much much better for the same price.  If you charge that much for sushi, it better be kick ass, or at least have awesome service.  Fuki Sushi had neither.  It is a nice restaurant, looks like they just remodeled.  They probably overcharge to cover the cost of their remodeling.  But I don't think I'll go back here.
Enjoyed the experience! Sushi and Fish are all very fresh. Also, tried their bentos and hot dishes! Chicken Katsu very tasty! Atmosphere is very nice and traditional Japanese, with sushi bars, table seating, and floor seating on tatami mats, a traditional experience! Convenient parking, which is located toward the back of the restaurant. Great fun, enjoyed the cultural experience!
It's interesting the mixed reviews I read here on Yelp.  My fiance and I came here on a Thursday evening for a much needed date night.  (I had been couped up at home with a cold for a few days and needed to get out!) SO glad we found this place!  LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the ambiance and atomosphere.  I truly believe I am an ambiance whore!  At first when we walked in, we were asked if we had reservations, and we said no.  It seemed we were seated in the sushi area based on that information.  BUT, there was quite a large party seated there and it was pretty loud, so they were very accommodating and seated us in a different part of the restaurant.  This is where the ambiance was fabulous.  So much detail and effort went in to the design and decor here.  There are booths that are staggered along one wall so that one is not directly behind another, creating a nice degree of privacy.  Also, the wood work on the ceiling, separating the booths is beautiful.  Feels like you're in another land.  I'd come back just for the ambiance!! Anywho, on to the food.  I was craving some sort of a roll.  Not a fan of raw fish rolls, so that limited my options right off the bat.  I got the Futo Maki roll - unagi, spinach, shitake mushrooms, tamago, oboro and kanpbyo.  I found the roll to be a bit on the salty side - probably could have done without the shrimp powder.  Didn't quite hit the spot. My fiance got the rainbow roll and really liked it.  The miso soup was also good. The service was fantastic.  The waitress was very nice, patient, helpful, and attentive. PERFECT date night restaurant.  Will come back to try more of their menu for sure!!  Loved it!
Gave Fuki Sushi 5 stars to begin with, but I'm taking it down a few notches because they're really bad with reservations and it irritates me so. First time here, had to wait for our reservation. 2nd time here last week, they lost our reservation for our party of 6. I called the day before to confirm and they said someone cancelled it. I told them that we still had plans to dine there. They put us back on the list and I said, "Are you sure?" Hostess says "Yes."  Come in the next night and they sat us in a small corner because they "lost" the reservation. Horrible!
What's with all the negative reviews? I can't find anything wrong with this restaurant. Except for... Read more 
Service = timely.  They are very punctual.  (Except when it came to refilling the tea kettles.......) Food = delicious.  Great cuts of fish. Beautiful presentation.  Tempura is perfect.  Their appetizer selection is amazingly varied. Prices = moderate.  (If you read the fine print, there is a mandatory minimum of $18.00 per person for dinner.) Decor = elegant. Dim lighting. Zen. My complaint is, they are very cloying...very traditional Japanese, from their garb to the inflections in their speech, to their delivery of your appetizer, entree, etc. Honestly, I'd only come here for a special occasion or some out of town guests who really want to be impressed.
Until recently this place was just "meh" (besides their spicy agedashi tofu, of course).  Ate there tonight and thought it was fantastic - fresh and delicious!  Their rolls on special were especially wonderful - the citrus spicy scallop and fire dragon roll in particular.  Have loved every meal we've had there recently.  You can always count on fuki for fresh fish and yummy flavors.
I took my dad here for his birthday, mainly because Tofu House next door was closed early.  The instant we walked in, I could tell that I would not enjoy my experience here.  You aren't greeted by some nice host/hostess, but instead, the owner was slouching there, drinking a beer and looked P.O.'ed to be there. On a weekend, this place was pretty empty and not bumpin' at all.  The food was pretty blah, and you could definitely do A LOT better for lower prices (even though this IS Palo Alto).  The only bright spot at our dinner was the service...the waitress was extremely nice, although slow in terms of getting out our order. They definitely remodeled the restaurant, but it still doesn't get the business that I would expect from a sushi restaurant like this.  If you are looking for sushi, I would definitely look elsewhere. - Pchris
Great service and cute place. Karaage chicken was just okay. Bento Box is a pretty good deal
took mother-in-law here and i really liked it. Pros: Ambiance is nice, especially if you are trying to treat the mother-in-law Variety (a little bit of everything) - i liked it that it was not your standard cheap japanese food, but it was fancy and food served in a fancy way and with lots of variety. For example, we ordered - Omakase (menu description just said: "Enjoy this diverse selection of items prepared by the chef.  Each touches upon a different style of preparation, similar to the service order of a kaiseki") for $28, it was just a bunch of little side dishes that were all really good - Kaminabe Dinner Set ("Assorted seafood in a fish based broth cooked at your table in a paper nabe pot. Complimented with cold green tea buckwheat noodles marinated in a wasabe oil. Served with three daily pippin appetizers") for $25, the broth thing was delicious and served in a cool way in that paper pot.  The buckwheat noodles were just so-so. Cons: Expensive Far from where i live
It's been a very long time since I visited Fuki Sushi. I recall that the sushi was consistently fresh & a bit pricey back then. Yesterday I decided to check out the restaurant as a lone diner for lunch. At ~12:30, I was cheerfully greeted & seated immediately at a small table in the area with the semiprivate booths. The noise level was a tad bit loud what with several tables loaded w/folks conducting business. The restaurant has been nicely updated since my last visit. Very charming, with nice Japanese style side gardens viewed through the windows. I found it welcoming & refreshing to see the waitresses dressed in kimonos. The menu is expansive, however for my (return) visit I opted for a traditional bento box lunch so that I could compare it with my favorite Japanese restaurant. Hot (delicious) green tea is served in a heavy Japanese tea pot. The downside was that the tea pot was too hot for me to touch. I compensated by using my cloth napkin to pour my tea. (They should provide a small hot pad to make it easier to handle the tea pot.) I ordered the tempura & salmon teriyaki. The portions are smaller than my favorite restaurant, but both items were delicious. The salad was a bit larger & better than my favorite restaurant. I enjoyed the bean sprouts served as a mini appetizer prior to my meal. My lunch was served in a timely manner & the service perfect. The portion worked for me - I ate everything & did not need dessert. When I bring my husband, I'll be sure we order appetizers. Fuki Sushi is more expensive than my favorite Japanese restaurant. However, the menu & ambiance makes it better for business lunches, dates & special occasions.  One thing I noted: coming from a Japanese background, I was pleased to see my waitress' proper respect of an elderly Japanese couple dining across from me. In my search for good Japanese food, my return to Fuki Sushi passes my critical eye. Overall, given the quality, service & ambiance, the price for my lunch was reasonable (under $17 including tip). I definitely plan to return so I can try their traditional sushi & sashimi.
Really surprised by the rating here this was some of the best sushi I've ever had!  Not great on atmosphere I guess...
Fuki is one of those japanese restaurants I hate to love. It burns a hole in my pocket book like you wouldn't believe, but unlike a cable bill, it's truly worth it. They offer creative, fresh, and delicious sushi dishes that my otherwise very fearful palette can enjoy. The salmon belly is to die for, and the salmon sashimi is perfect. I'm impressed with the size and shape of the sashimi here, long thick rectangular pieces of fresh fish. The group I solicit here with is often a bit loud and rambunctious, but they kindly put us in a private room, which only makes the experience that much more incredible for me. The waitresses are kind and seem to handle us well, even though I'm sure they're secretly annoyed at the shenanigans. At the end of the day, I think everyone working there is hip to the name of the game: money. They charge enough for their food that they stay cool, and segment their customers depending on their energy levels (at least that's my perception). While I still eat more frequently at their competitors due to costs, we continue to return to Fuki Sushi because of the quality and experience.
To celebrate Ed's farewell to Beijing, he chose this place for lunch. The place reminded me of Singapore Airlines, pretty Asian ladies in their uniforms, greeting us politely with their accents and airline smiles. The place was clean and the decor was decent. I ordered the Bento lunch special ($13.50) of the chicken teriyaki and California roll. It wasn't amazing, in fact, there was barely any meat on the chicken and it was dry. The California roll tasted fresh and quite good. Our server, Marianne, was nice and attentive and I wanted to ask her if she do massages. It was a night and day experience from eating at Yuri last night. Lunch for 3 including a bottle of Nigori sake was $55.75. Food is "OK", I am not sure if I would go here if I was craving sushi or rolls. You know I am all about TGI. :)
What a nice little surprise - an actual authentic Japanese restaurant. My friend randomly found this place (thanks to YELP) and we decided to give it a try.  I was so preoccupied with reading the menu that when I glanced up to see my waitress I was shocked to see a petite Japanese woman dressed in a kimono.  Random but all I could think was how the heck does she survive a whole shift wearing that ensemble? Now the good stuff, the FOOD. Beef Umeshiso Age - Rib eye lightly fried.  Not to shabby.  I wished they would have kept the meat more on the medium rare side. Salmon & Tuna Sashimi - Yummmm!  Sashimi just melted in my mouth.  Really good quality sashimi here. Hamachi Belly Nigiri - Now this was my fav of the night.  I've never tried Hamachi belly and glad I decided to give it a try.  Unlike regular hamachi it was a more creamier fatty taste.  Delicious! We had a couple of other rolls and it was nice to see that each roll wasn't covered in their "special" sauce. The sushi rolls were made on the smaller side which I really didn't mind that much.  It was really nice to eat sushi that was just simple.  I had a great time here and enjoyed the sushi I had.  I wasn't blown away by the quality but it was just nice to have simple sushi for once.
First, the atmosphere is just lovely.  You might be right on El Camino, but you'll feel like you're in a lovely little corner of Japan.  Part of the restaurant is more traditional in style (with wait staff in kimonos) while another part is more casual.  Not sure how they decide where to seat you. Prices are a bit higher, but overall, the food is well prepared.  Portions are moderate.  A bit disappointed that dinner comes with a choice of soup or salad (rather than both).  The salad dressing is quite tasty and nice :) Unlike many bay area Japanese restaurants, the staff here are actually Japanese. A very pleasant dining experience.
Nothing hugely wrong with Fuki-Sushi, but the sushi just wasn't up to the same level as all the good stuff I've been eating in the city lately. The nigiris were passable, but the fish was a little tougher than you'd want. Service was good and our waitress didn't even lose her patience with our rowdy group. She was so kind as to suggest that we save one of our bottles of sake, if we didn't get to it she'd take it back (unopened of course). Suffice it to say we did not return any sake :).
Good place for business lunches. Sake selection is good.  And they take the visual attractiveness of sushi very seriously. The place has tons of genuinely Japanese decor, and the waitresses dress up in Kimonoes and Yukatas, which adds a nice touch.  Not all the staff are Japanese though. If you're looking for a place to bring customers, this place works okay, but if you're looking for great sushi, I wouldn't think this is the very best you can do. More detailed review coming....
I agree that the prices are high, but when I went the food and service were impeccable.  I mean, good, bordering on great, even.  Although no expert on Japanese food, I've eaten at a variety of places in Japan.  The ambience and food at Fuki Sushi make me feel like I'm in Tokyo. We overindulged on spicy spider rolls, shrimp tempura, salmon teriyaki, beef teriyaki, and mochi ice cream.  Everything was perfect.  I'll try the recommendations I've seen on yelp for good sushi and Japanese food in the Bay area at lower prices, but to me Fuki Sushi was worth it.  Also, on a crowded weekend night the service was up to Japanese standards--unobtrusive but almost excessively polite and punctilious.
I drove past this place looking for something to eat after a day of dealing with shady used car salesmen, and I saw the sign and vaguely remembered someone telling me this place was decent. We were there for dinner, it was decently busy and their to-go seemed very popular, their counter was full of food and people coming in to pick it up throughout the night. Service was decent, tea was brought out to us in an iron (?) kettle, it was very quaint. They started us out with a specials menu and I ordered this appetizer that was a mix of sashimi and foie gras rolled up with some other stuff with a ponzu based dipping sauce. It was about 15 bucks for 4 tiny bites, but oh boy they were good! For dinner, I ordered the chirashi sushi, ama ebi, a spicy tuna roll, and uni. My date ordered the udon, and a few philadelphia rolls. The fish was very fresh, and the rolls were decently sized. The chirashi impressed me as it came in a cute little bento box and it had two layers separating the fish from the rice. There was a good portion of fish, and they actually had uni in a cute little cucumber flower holder. The rice was very impressive as well, it was seasoned to be sweet with rice vinegar, and I think ume and something sweet that looked kinda like brown sugar but it wasn't. It went together very well and I was impressed with the chirashi as it's my favorite thing to order at a restaurant and they presented it to me perfectly. The dinner set us back a bit more than we anticipated for casually driving down the street looking for a taco bell, about $180 with drinks and tip but everything was totally worth it. I remembered this place for my ex's company party and we reserved one of the rooms in the back with the tatami mats. The food was great, especially since I didn't have to pay for it now. I suggested some drinks and helped get the boss really drunk and convinced him to expense a trip to the Pink Poodle. Lol...fun times.
Fuki sushi is not cheap, but it is good. And not just the sushi, but their cooked food is also delicious. Noodles. hamachi kama, yum, so good. I've been going here for many years, and never once have I left disappointed, even when I've had to wait for a table. -1 Star because the unagi donburi is not as good as the restaurants  in Japan that specialize in that dish. Cruel, probably - and their unadon is quite good, but it's not the same. Nothing is.
This was the first Sushi I ever had, back at my first company in the Silicon Valley in my first week. They were always the place our office ordered from on Thursday evenings (initiated simultaneously into both Japanese cuisine and SV culture), so it's with that in mind that I write this. What Fuki serves is mostly standard fare, no frills, and good quality. I think this approach is perfect for  place that seems to specialize in large orders, and I think for large orders they do a great job.
The way they do Sushi is like no other. It's so delicious. It's mouth-watering just thinking about it. I had my 21st birthday dinner here and some of my friends who have never even had sushi or liked it , Loved it here. They tended to my large party with great robust and friendly service.
I have been waiting a long time to try Fuki Sushi.  When I was in school, I'd always hear about it as the sushi place in Palo Alto, but would always hear about the accompanying high prices.  As the sushi choices expanded in the Bay Area, I'd still hear about it as an original institution and how back in the day, it was one of the top choices, albeit with expensive prices.  Finally, when I came across the BIG List of Peninsula Sushi ( http://www.emeraldlake.c... ) and saw how highly it was rated, I knew I would have to eventually make my way there. Scanning through the Yelp reviews, I knew that the biggest knock on Fuki Sushi would be the prices.  Fans also seemed to mainly focus on the classy decor, well-dressed and attractive wait-staff, and the excellent food presentation, even extending to the take-out orders. While the style points clearly were worth something, I knew with so many great sushi restaurants nearby, it wouldn't be worth as much as years past.  That, combined with the economic downturn and decline of business-expensed meals meant that Fuki would have to be looked at in a new light. I kept my order simple, but also wanted to order a good representation of their quality.  As I had reviews about them skimping on their chirashi and regular sushi orders, I opted for the highly recommended Tokujo sushi - 16 pieces of "supreme" quality sushi according to their menu.  I also ordered an oyako donburi. Oyako don ($9) - ok quality dish with a decent portion size.  Given the price, I was hoping for something to rival Sumika's (Los Altos) excellent oyako don, but was disappointed.  Fuki Sushi's version consists of a more well-cooked egg vs. the raw egg that I love.  Given the all non-Asian customers I saw at lunch, I suspect this may be to cater to a more Western palate. Tokujo sushi - despite the description and the price, I was rather disappointed by the selection.  Fish quality, especially salmon and mackerel, was decent, but only notable for one piece of amaebi with accompanying fried shrimp head and an ikura order with a half cracked quail egg to the side.  Admittedly, the presentation of the quail egg was nice, but didn't make up for the other items.  There was no hamachi or uni and the pieces of unagi and ebi were dry and mediocre.  I was also disappointed to be given an order of mussel nigiri.  I've never seen a Japanese restaurant serve mussel as a nigiri item unless baked or with sauce, but the plain piece seemed cheap and a bit lazy.  BTW, the 16 pieces were really only 12 pieces.  The + 4 was for the maki roll!  FAIL. Overall, I'm glad to have tried Fuki Sushi and don't doubt that it once was a premier sushi location.  But the combination of high prices (I left spending just shy of $50 for lunch), a mediocre piece of two (unagi was akin to my frozen version from Ranch 99), and emphasis on decor and service means I'll likely frequent the nearby Sushi Tomi much more often. Fuki Sushi accepts credit cards, including American Express.
Fuki Sushi is completely deceptive, as you have no idea of the decor and size inside by looking from the outside.  I've passed this place over time and again when I went straight for SGD Tofu House right next door, but we finally decided to go here last week. The place is large.  I'd say it fits about 80-100 people in various rooms.  The place is somewhat dark and pretty heavily decorated.  Most of the waitresses seem to be Japanese. We ordered chicken karaage, nasu mizore age, and kobashii (grilled eggplant dish).  The main difference I could tell between the chicken karaage and the nasu mizore age was that they had slightly different marinades and the nasu had a spicy mayo dip accompanying it where as the karaage had lemon.  The eggplant dish was pretty good, not too much and not an overpowering flavor, although I prefer the sweet taste of miso over grilled eggplant myself. All in all, decent but nothing special.  Somewhat expensive for the quality, you can get something slightly cheaper or at least equal in price but with higher quality at Sushi Tomo.
This is one of Palo Alto's oldest eating institutions that does a mix of traditional style Japanese fare and some that's a bit more modern, in a very upscale decor and lavish interior. They must have remodeled at least 3 times in the past 10 years alone. If you've never had Japanese food before, this is a good place, especially in large groups but be warned that service could be spotty. Sushi bar is a separate experience, with a much larger # of seats and longer bar than most restaurants. There are typically 3 to 4 chefs at the bar, so you get whoever you sit closest to. Fish selection is not bad, but mostly the common easy to find fare. There is a small white board in English only that tells you the specials of the day, and today toro was $14.50 for 2 pieces. What I did not like was the fact that they charged $6 for 2 pieces of hamachi or salmon belly cut, whereas some restaurants don't charge you extra for that. Prices are indeed on the high side, so to maximize the value, order items that would stuff you quicker like a big roll. Table menu items are fairly decent, but also not cheap. The seared tombo (albacore) over rice is quite delicious especially with their dipping sauce. If you like soba cold buckwheat noodles, they have a green tea version that's quite nice, and even nicer with raw tuna sashimi (but that will set you back even more). My favorite dessert here was the green tea mousse, which I learned today they stopped making and offering it on their menu, which to me is a slap in the face, and cost them a star (also in addition to the sushi bar's inconsistency). Their vinegared sushi rice is on the sweet side, so it gives you the impression that the fish you eat is also sweet, which is a bit of a delusion. Some like it sweet, and some like it sour, depends on your buds.
Fuki You @$$ Hole! This is a very Ying-Yang, a very Zen statement, as it flowed both ways. ::HIPPY BULL $HIT:: Usually, the Chef and I are down.  I'm ordering in Japanese, I'm asking him how his day was... you know, like a real bar thing.  But in this case, this guy was all full of stink-eye.  Was it me?  Was it the lack of customers?  was it because the restroom is RIGHT NEXT TO THE SUSHI BAR!?!?!  That 's enough to piss anyone off, no pun intended.  But I was no darling either.  I wasn't really chatting with the guy, wasn't ordering all in Japanese, etc. ::SUSHI:: Maybe Friday lunch is not their bag baby, but the sushi just wasn't that good.  It may have just been an extension of the chef's attitude though... who knows.  Anyway, not feeling like I want to go back.
If you want a real honest to gosh sushi expert who has forgotten more about sushi than I will ever know, go here: http://www.yelp.com/user... If you want to know what a guy who just knows what he likes has to say, keep reading... Love this place. Truth be told, I've had better marginally better sushi at this place in Beverly Hills but if you combine the atmosphere, great service and the fact that it's not in El Lay, Fuki Sushi is solid 4 stars in my book. I've had a great time every single time and a memorable dining experience. The parking is tighter than Dick Cheney's sphincter at a Castro Halloween party.
***UPDATE*** Fuki Sushi literally brought the restaurant to my office.  Seriously, they built a sushi bar (in the cutest little hut) and brought a sushi chef and made rolls (set menu, not to order, but you could customize those items) in front of my clients.  It was hands down the BEST client lunch I have served to date.  Everyone was impressed and most went back for seconds and thirds. A couple notes: -the total bill wasn't that much steeper than my normal per-person catering cost, which is pricey, but worth every penny -I ordered for 60 people, I believe they can do this for 100+ (but Lumi is accommodating ALWAYS, talk to her if you have a smaller group like mine.  She'll work with you.) -arrangements must be made at least a few days in advance -YOU WILL LOVE IT!!!! Pics to follow
Fuki Sushi is the best sushi spot on the peninsula, but you have be prepared for the prices.  It is... Read more 
Very good sushi. I am not supposed to be eating sushi because of an elevated mercury level in my blood but I am really bad when it comes to temptation. I cave very easily. The hamachi sashimi was melt in your mouth yummie. We also had a salmon and scallop tartare with a miso sauce. The tartare was very fresh and delightful but the sauce was heavy, flavorful but a little overpowering for the tartare. The chicken katsu was lightly breaded and fried succulent and juicy the best i have ever had... i wish they took off the skin though. The tempure appetizer was also very delicious. This was all washed down with a Creme de Sake and a Sapporo for a happy buzz by the end of dinner. Yum, going back when my wallet is a little fuller.
Fuki's sushi and sashimi are good, but overpriced for what you get.  One high point is the spicy tuna rolls.  They use whole pieces of quality tuna that isn't chopped up, unlike the scraps you'll get in the same rolls most other places.  The presentation is excellent.  Service can be a little slow, even for tea refills, which is odd for a Japanese restaurant. Sushitomi in Mountain View is generally about the same quality as Fuki, and much cheaper.
You know, I thought this place was pretty good.  I came here with my girlfriend for lunch.  The choices were: expensive sushi or cheap sushi.  This was the premium stuff. We tried a variety of pickin's, both out of the bento box and sushi plates.  My favorites were the yellowtail nigiri and the atlantic roll (inside out salmon skin roll with salmon on the outside), the texture of the sushi was melt-in-your mouth buttery smooth.  I also really enjoyed the chicken karaage, the slightly sweet and salty batter was a perfect compliment to the accompanying white rice. So why only 3 stars?  The price and the portions.  We spent about $60 for lunch, and while we were pretty full, it was still a bit expensive.  While the bento box was only 11 bucks, the amount of meat you get was rather paltry, and the cooked sushi (dragon roll, deep fried spicy tuna roll) was a bit of a waste considering the quality of the raw fish. The bottom line: if you're in the mood for some raw fish or a small bento box lunch, this is the way to go.  If you're really in the mood for eating or want to try something a little more contemporary, you're better served elsewhere.
The quality of Fuki's sushi may be the best I've experienced in Palo Alto, but the quality of Fuki's service is easily the most dismal.  I've eaten here a handful of times, and the service was never stellar, but the last time I went was monstrously bad. It was very crowded and the two of us were seated in a tiny little corner table where a frazzled waitress took our orders then promptly forgot about us.  For well over half an hour.  Not only did the food take forever to come, the waitress didn't check on us a single time to see if we needed drinks refilled or to apologize for the wait or anything.  She should've at least checked to make sure we hadn't left the building, because we really should have at that point. By the time the food finally came, we were starving, and I asked the waitress if I could add something to my order.  How foolish of me.  She let me know it would take at least half an hour for another order to be ready.  The order?  Two pieces of mirugai sushi. I'm leaving on three stars because the sushi really is fairly fresh and tasty, and because I have had other positive experiences.  Unfortunately, I now associate Fuki more strongly with poor service than I do with good food and will not be going back.
If you have read my reviews you will notice a theme, a unifying thread that knits my opinions together. I could be my thrifyness, my frugal nature, my parsimoniousness.  I guess I can be a bit niggardly when it comes to blowing money unnecessarily. Not that I have a problem blowing a couple hundred bucks on a great dinner for a special occasion. My, point, and I do have one, is not worth the #.  I had some supermarket grade sushi for a LOT of "$". Great Decor.
Fuki is one of THE best sushi places I've experienced.  (this including New York, LA, Chicago, Tokyo)  Committed to authentic Japanese cuisine, and they offer both traditional and non-traditional settings.  I prefer to sit at the sushi bar, myself.  The sushi chefs are engaging, professional, and know their product!  Very helpful when it comes to making recommendations.  And consistent in service, across the board, I love this place.
Just a really awful experience that left a bad taste in my mouth, and not from spoiled sushi. The food here is actually decent, but it's the service that STINKS. Last Saturday, my friends and I went to Fuki Sushi for a birthday party. We were a large group (13 total not including the b-day girl) and the bill including tip came out to be $1040. Each of us paid $80, of which $320 was charged to 2 credit cards and the remainder in cash ($720). We had counted the cash several times before we handed everything over to the waitress. So, we were very shocked when she came back and told us we were short. We argued back and forth, but in the end it was her word versus ours so all we could do was pay the amount that the waitress claimed we still owed. After all, we didn't want to ruin our friend's birthday with such a terrible experience!! LESSON - Always count cash payments in front of the waiter/ess!!! We will never know what happened to the missing money, but for certain, we will never return to Fuki Sushi. The waitress could have handled the situation in a more professional manner but instead insisted we were in the wrong. She did not even want to look around her area to see if perhaps she had dropped the money.
This was my second visit.  The first time I had ramen and I remembered it to be pretty good, so I suggested this for a quick get-together with some old colleagues. First, this is the cleanest and nicest traditional style Japanese restaurant I've ever seen.  Not the fusion, urban sushi setting.  This place has all the wooden furniture, the tatami rooms, the plants, you name it.  It's even got the waitress in kimonos. Second, the food is pretty darn good for Suburbia.  Today I a Bento Box with: Salmon Teriyaki, Veggie Tempura, Miso, Salad, also Hamachi Belly and Spicy Tuna Roll.  Salmon Teriyaki was moist and tasty (but could've been hotter).  Veggie Tempura was perfect and was very assorted (potato, sweet potato, broc, peas, zucchini, carrot).  Salad was fresh and dressing was good.  Spicy Tuna could be spicier, but overall fresh.  And come on, I really did not expect to be able to order Hamachi belly!  Made the meal. Place is great.  I'll be back.
Fuki is considered by many to offer the freshest fish in the area.  It is pretty good, but I am from Los Angeles, land of fresh sashimi aplenty, and I have to say, it just does not compare.  Thus, I think it is overpriced for what it is--pretty good, but not so good that they are justified in charging boutique prices.  But, I suppose it is better than nothing (life without sushi might drive me to suicide).  As I have relayed countless times to my friend who lives up here, it mystifies me as to why the fish is not that fresh in the San Francisco/Bay Area, a region almost completely surrounded by water.  And it is not, at least not to this serious sushi fiend's taste buds.  Have nigiri and sashimi in New York City, Los Angeles, and Vancouver, not to mention Japan, and you will taste the difference.  Superlatively fresh fish tastes phenomenal and you can taste the difference. Well, Fuki offers all the standard stuff and it is an especially good choice if someone else is paying.  On my recent trip, I came here with professors and former classmates on the school's tab.  Suh-weet!  We ordered platters of rolls and sashimi, glistening hirame, hamachi, and clean-tasting, chewy mirugai.  The service can be summed up by lethargic.  It took us forever to have our waters and teas replenished, and I have had this problem here before.  It took another short eternity for the bill to arrive.  They are just not on the ball.
Dear Fuki Sushi, Thank you for: 1.  Giving us a very polite and attentive waitress. 2.  For putting real crab in your California Roll 3.  For NOT smothering said crab in mayo 4.  For having a gluten-free menu 5.  For having gluten-free soy sauce in packet form 6.  For making a delicious sukiyaki (even though I wasn't really in the mood for it) A solid 3.5 stars. Best wishes, Jenifer
Meh. I won't go back. My $5 vegetarian roll was teeeeeeny and they did not warn me when I only ordered that and miso. They did, however, warn me there was a 20 minute backlog for sushi (at a SUSHI restaurant). I sat for half an hour with two other people waiting for WATER, tea, SOMETHING. Everyone was nice but the service was inattentive and slow and the portions were small and not particularly memorable.
Fuki is fine.  This is essentially a high end version of your neighborhood/corner sushi joint.  Similar menu, but higher quality, higher prices and probably nicer decor/atmosphere.  But it's hard to get too excited about a place with so much standard teriyaki or tempura menu options. (Kaygetsu/Jin Sho this place is not.) I just went again for dinner and left very happy: the sashimi (kampachi) was buttery good, and the spicy rolls (one negi-hama and one baked scallop on california) were worth coming back for. Still, nothing to change my original opinion: high quality sushi but verging on boring.
I'm not much of a sushi guy, but my wife is and so I indulge her by going out to sushi and eating teriyaki. Lame, I know. So sumi. Anyway, I had heard at work that this place was the best sushi around, but neither my wife nor I really liked it. Her sushi tasted "off" and my 'yaki was very fatty.  And to top it off, we spilled some soup on the table and the waitress did absolutely nothing to help us clean it up... no napkins, no nothing, even after we asked her.  I don't know what the japanese word for annoyed is, but I was it.
What's amazing about Fuki Sushi is what it taught me about myself, namely that I have a repressive memory.  Every time I come here, it takes forever for food to arrive.  This has happened on dates, family events, you name it. Anyway, tonight was the straw that broke the camel's back.  Not only did the appetizers take forever to arrive, it took half an hour before we got our drinks.  I know they're not brewing their own beer back there -- what gives?
Very nicely decorated, yet the windy corridors make you feel like you're in a not-so-fancy Japanese restaurant.  The parking lot feels a little cramped as well. The spicy california roll is to die for.  California roll with a warm scallop on top. The other sushi rolls I had were also good.  The vegetable tempura and shrimp tempura were good.  Come to think of it, I've never had anything not good here. 11 person party = giant plate full of sushi.  I was surprised they had a plate big enough to hold that much food, but sure enough they did.  It wasn't exactly portable and only the 2 people sitting in the middle were able to get their food without having to stand up and walk around the table.  Still, the wait staff was very diligent with taking our extra orders (appetizers, drinks, those kinda things) and keeping our water glasses full.
Order: -Toro toro toro!  $17 a pair but the best I've found outside Tokyo.. -The spicy tuna (or spicy anything)  in any one of the 20 dishes they serve with it.  It's creamy the way it should be and will change your life. Don't order: -Anything else if you want to be able to pay your rent. So, it's upscale, large scale, authentic excellent Japanese.  It's already been reviewed 1000 times so all I have to add the above.
This just a few steps away from my BFF's apartment making it very easy for us to walk to.  So I'm not sure how the parking situation is, but their lot doesn't look too big.  Right when you walk in the decor is beautiful and the staff is very friendly.  The dining room looks very authentic and you feel like you've stepped into a whole different place.  It truly does remind me of the place I would eat at during my visit to Japan. There was no wait at all when we got there and we were greeted right away by our server.  The food came out in good time and we never felt rushed.  Our glasses were kept full and we were constantly checked up on. The reason for my 4 stars is because they do not have a very wide sushi menu.  I like my specialty sushi rolls and this place just doesn't have it.  Their menu is mainly filled with food.  Also the place is pretty overpriced.
Had dinner here earlier and and had a nice dining experience, for the most part, other than waiting for our server to show. I had some sushi a la carte--some pieces of saba gari maki (mackerel and ginger roll), tako (octopus), and tamago (egg omelet). I always forget how sweet tamago is, but I enjoyed it nevertheless. Not sure which sushi was my favorite, but they were all fairly good. I did really like the green tea ice cream here, somehow different than the last time I had such a flavor, definitely a better made batch. Cute little place, wouldn't mind visiting again sometime. Four stars for the food, three and three-quarters for the service.
I went here expecting some really great and was inevitably disappointed.  Expect something mediocre and you'll be pleasantly surprised. Personally, I think the fish is better at Homma's Brown Rice in the Cal Ave area (or, maybe it's just more bang for the buck there).  The tempura was a little on the greasy side.  I tried the famed Spicy Spider Roll and wasn't too impressed.  And, they weren't kidding about the 30-45 minute wait for the sushi.  Prices seemed average for this kind of restaurant in Palo Alto though, despite all of the complaints about high prices.  Figure two people, drinks, appetizers = $70.  A fine place to go, especially if you are not a food snob.  As for whether or not you can do better, I've not been to anything particularly much better except Homma's, which is a very casual place.
I haven't been to Fuki Sushi for at least a few years, so I was interested to see whether my dining experience would be different this time around.  I went on a Sunday evening with boyfriend and his folks. Pros:  The restaurant is really nicely decorated.  The waitresses wear kimonos and the waitstaff were professional.  Water and tea were refilled regularly.  Food was fresh. I ordered the "sushi experience" - supposedly a sampler of rolls, sashimi, and nigiri for the novice sushi eater.  Actually, the reason I even ordered the thing was because I couldn't find a chirashi bowl on their menu.  Boyfriend got a tempura and beef teriyaki combo, while boyfriend's folks got a beef sukiyaki, an una don and split an order of tempura. Presentation of the food were good.  I like that the sukiyaki came in a metal pot, the miso soup had covers, and my meal came in a large bento box with the food laid out all pretty. Cons:  The price.  I suppose you'd have to pay extra for the nicely dressed waitresses and the pretty decor, but charging over $20 for a slab of beef teriyaki and a few pieces of tempura is overdoing it.  I also had to knock another point off for our waitress.  She kept asking whether we'd like anything else to the point where I felt she was being a bit pesky. Bottom line:  I don't think I'd ever choose to eat at Fuki Sushi, but if someone suggests we go eat there, I wouldn't entirely object.  I prefer Gochi in Cupertino a lot more to this.
Fuki Sushi is solid.  Their sushi is pretty good.  Their small plates are okay to good.  Their sukiyaki and shabu shabu are 'eh'.  It's close to home and convenient. One big plus is that they serve shishamo (grilled smelt), which many Japanese restaurants in the U.S. don't have.  I love shishamo... head, fish eggs, tail and all.  My wife gets grossed out, but I grew up eating it with my dad.
Great Place for Great Japanese Food. It truly gives you a complete Tokyo experience (Quality and Price :-)). The Sushi here is way too good. Interestingly, For my last few trips, I have not had sushi! These days my choice is "Chief Special Sashimi". This will dent $60+, but the fish will melt in your mouth. Some of the finest fish you will get in Bay area. They also have great selection of Sakes. Make sure you end your meal with "Green Tea Mochi"
I second the review of fellow yelper "My O." of Campbell.  It is just plain rip-off.  $20 for dinner with choice of Miso soup or green salad. plus a tiny piece of teriyaki salmon, 3" x 2" x 0.33" and some medium quality sashimi.  Sorry, I have to eat all the rice to fill my tummy.  Good that I had late lunch today.  The decor is nice, water is refilled often and service is OK.  But for $20?  We are in a recession!! But, believe it or not, the place was packed at 7 p.m. on Sunday and there were people waiting.  Most diners here are recession-proof, except me.  I can get the similar dinner at Gombei at 40% less.  Won't be back even if it were free.
Came here for lunch. I actually rather enjoyed all the food we were served. The miso soup is a bit different from the run of the mill stuff you get at other Japanese restaurants: it includes melt-in-your-mouth onions and tofu cubes that have been battered and fried before they are added to the soup. The edamame was only so-so, probably not worth the price we paid. As for the main draw, we ordered: - Hamachi: mmmmm, so yummy, melt in your mouth - Salmon: also delicious, so fresh and it also melted on the tongue - Spider Roll (soft-shell crab + avocado...I think): I think I got the yucky part of the crab, b/c it tasted really fishy, not so fresh - Dragon Roll (unagi + avocado): yummy - Unagi: had some tiny bones which were unpleasant, only so-so and definitely not worth the $2 a pop - Spicy Tuna Roll: nothing to write home about, somewhat overpriced Some of the others in our party ordered bento boxes. At $13, they are also quite pricey, but the amount of food is reasonable, and it is presented quite beautifully. So this place is definitely on the pricier side. The overall experience, at least for lunch, is quite good though. Service was efficient, but not rushed. Our empty teapot was refilled promptly. Dishes were cleared away without the need for us to stack them. However, I still don't think I would come here if I were paying. The sashimi is good, but not THAT good. On the other hand, one draw is definitely the ambiance; it kind of reminds me of traditional Japanese gone modern. They have the look, but it's just a bit too sterile to feel completely real. Still, Fuki Sushi is a good introduction to Japanese.
Dinner at Fuki Sushi was never a letdown. Getting a table in the evening can be challenge if you don't have a reservation, but even then it is definitely worth the wait. The restaurant is very big and roomy, with minimalist but very stylish Japanese decoration, and it really feels like an entirely different world. If you are lucky, try to get a table in one of the alcoves: it will make for a very cozy and intimate dinner. I don't have much to say about the food, other than the sushi there is probably the best in the Palo Alto area: freshest fish, perfect portions, a pleasure to both the eye and the palate. The prices aren't exactly cheap, but given the quality of the food they aren't excessive either. They also have a non-sushi menu, with teriyaki, tempura, and noodle dishes, all of which are very good too. Finally, the service is impeccable. The waitresses, many of whom are wearing kimonos, are as polite and efficient as it gets, friendly but certainly not overbearing, and they always do all they can to accommodate your requests. A great restaurant!
Really? There's a hyphen? I've been going to Fuki-Sushi for like a decade and I never noticed it. That's just crazy. Hyphens aside, this place is great. Can get busy, so make reservations on weekend nights. The place is large, and the service isn't top notch (though rarely bad), but the food is. They salad is great (love the peanut dressing). And the teriyaki dishes are superb. The ngiri, though expensive, is usually well worth it. Always a good bet, if you're willing to fork over the cash.
Best Sushi (but you'll pay for it) The only place I'll indulge in Uni. By far the freshest sushi in town. Stop for a drink at the bar up front, if you're looking to meet some local VCs. Unfortunately, I have never been able to walk out of this place with a bill less than $100 (one star ding for price).
I think if we had ordered more food, the service might have been better.  The waitress kind of scoffed at us through the entire meal, which I highly disliked.  You could tell she was playing favorites - a table a little ways away ordered a giant boat, and she was the friendliest ever with that bunch.  I guess you can't blame her though, we weren't ordering as much, which meant less of a tip for her. Anyway, the rolls were okay, slices of salmon were too thin, spicy sushi wasn't spicy, and way too many fish eggs on everything.  Rolls looked uncolorful, which made me sad. But here's the thing, after we're done eating and waiting for a check, this BUG pops up at the table.  My boyfriend tells me it's a baby cockroach.  I'm feeling nauseous at this point, and we ask the waitress about it.  She says, "I'll get rid of it after you guys leave, it wasn't in the food right?"  Are you shitting me?  Seriously?  So I request to speak with the manager.  The manager takes a look at it, says she's shocked, and blankly asks us what we want her to do.  What we want her to do?  How about CLEAN UP YOUR RESTAURANT.  How about NOT HAVE BUGS CRAWLING AROUND THE DINING AREA. So we left in a hurry, paid off the check, and just kind of seethed.  I mean seriously, if that sort of shit is popping up out in the dining area, imagine what crawls around in the kitchen.  And SERIOUSLY, a sushi restaurant?  That's like the cleanest kind of restaurant you could have! I think I'm disappointed in the staff, the food, and the management.  Especially from a restaurant that boasts so many awards - when you go into the restaurant, you are hit with an entire wall of "Best of" this and that.  You would think that a restaurant of such high quality/caliber would do well with customer satisfaction and sanitation.
I used to come here a lot when I was in college, as most of my classmates agreed that this was one of the better Japanese restaurants in the area. I love the tatami rooms they have for large groups and the fact that their waitresses wear kimonos. There's also a front area of the restaurant with regular seating if (for some reason) tatami isn't y our thing. It's on the pricy side compared to typical sushi restaurants, but you get what you pay for. The sashimi is fresh. Personally, I like their sukiyaki. I do wish they had some slightly more adventurous menu items, though. Overall, I'd say food quality here is on par with Kanpai (my other favorite Palo Alto Japanese restaurant), and the atmopshere is slightly more formal.
INCREDIBLE. Service was amazing even though we came late they graciously sat us down and served us as if we were the first table they had all night. Sake was fantastic. Sushi presentation and quality was luscious. I love this place.
I have very fond memories of Fuki Sushi during the halcyon days of the "dot.com".  I would sit with some E*Traders in a private booth and we would order a ton of different varieties of sushi.  Heck, this is the place I transitioned from vegetarian to "real" sushi.  Loved it.  It for years has been the standard bearer for me as a travel about and desire a taste for sushi.  Another standard bearer is the Spicy Agata's, for I have never found a place that served agadashi with the same recipe. Sure it's expensive.  You're in Palo Alto.  You live in the Bay Area.  You pay more in property taxes than what some people make in a year. Sit back, order a nice Sake, sip, and eat good sushi.
I really enjoy coming to this place, however it is a little pricey. I came here for a work lunch for the first time. Service was very slow however the food was delicious. The staff is very nice and the restaurant is very clean. I suggest eating at the bar if you are in a hurry or just prefer faster service. I suggest taking the sushi making course that they teach through DeAnza ( I think it's DeAnza that offers it...). I really enjoyed watching the sushi masters and having one on one instruction from them. I highly suggest this class. It made me appreciate sushi even more and taught me a little about the restaurant.
$$$EXPENSIVE!$$$ I went here twice, one with co-worker for a casual lunch and the other time with the engineering dept and their VP for lunch. The first time, I only ordered one roll, think it only had 6 sushi, but it cost 12.00, woah! It was good sushi but dang too pricey for my taste. That's all i had unfortunately since that's all i could afford. LOL! Second time, the VP paid for everyone, so no limits here for what to order. So I ordered a Tonkatsu, best one I ever had! soft and tender, not at all tough like most places. I can imagine how much the bill was, awww well engineers make bank anyway. But thank goodness I didn't pay!
One of my favorite places for Japanese food! I love the traditional atmosphere and everyone always very polite. My favorite item to order is the Chirashi, which I've been getting here for a couple years now so I'm not sure why the other reviewer said they did not have one on the menu. Perhaps that is why she rated Fuki's so low, because the Chirashi here is one of the best I've had. I must say the sashimi selection varies from time to time (once I got an awesome selection of fish with no tamago, which I consider to be filler sushi :P. The rice that accompanies the sushi is not only sushi rice, but is topped with a mix of dried seaweed and pickled mushrooms. I'm getting hungry just writing about it! My other favorite here is the wasabi tobiko roll. YUM! I do have to take away one star however, as the service here is undoubtedly SLOW. Plan on spending atleast 2 hours here for dinner and reservations are highly recommended Friday through Sunday eveniings.
The sushi is really, really good but also pricey.  If you're looking for cheap sushi, go across the street to Sushi Tomo. Me?  I'm looking for GOOD sushi, so I go here. The restaurant itself is nicely appointed and the waitresses wear traditional kimonos.  It's a hoot watching the sushi chefs behind the bar bantaring and making their beautiful fishy art. The nigiri is very good and well proportioned.  I'm a huge fan of all of their rolls, which are well cut and flavorful.  Recently I tried their Unadon and it was very, very good. This is a good place for lunch if you know what to get; I haven't been here for dinner but I've been a weekly lunch customer since I started working in Palo Alto.  The menu is varied and expansive for a lunch menu, and it is ALL delicious! My only complaint is that they tend to sit me in the same, out of the way corner every time I go there.  True, I go by myself every time (I don't like sharing my sushi!), but that's no need to hide away a good customer!
This place is hard not to love: Super fresh ingredients, friendly (but sometimes slow) service, a huge selection of non-sushi menu items, and seriously the best Japanese food around. Yes, the prices can be a bit high ($8.50 for a vegetable tempura roll, $6 for gyoza, etc), but as the saying goes, "You get what you pay for." They often offer a few different "special items" that are of limited quantity, so come early if you'd like to try something exotic! My suggestions: Appetizers: Spicy Agedashi Tofu and Tempura Snow Crab Entrees: Albacore Tataki, Chicken Katsu Donburi Sushi: Anything with Tuna, Shiitake Maki Roll with Soy Wrap, Vegetable Tempura Roll Dessert: Tempura Fruit with warm anglaise sauce Drinks: Sake! Or try one of their cocktail concotions. Tips? Skip the lot and try for street parking in front of, or behind the restaurant. The lot is small and often full. If you don't like shoving a huge piece of food in your mouth, request the sushi rolls be cut into smaller pieces. Instead of 8 you'll get 10 smaller portions. Call ahead to make a reservation if you're in a hurry, or visit their website for an easy online reservation system. Enjoy!
I didn't expect this place to be good... I mean Sushi in Palo Alto?  To my surprise it wasn't all too bad, the sushi was actually good.  The place has a nice modern touch and a very nice Japanese look to it.  We ordered just about everything on the menu, but Mr Hamachi and Mr Toro special, you have my recommendation -- you made my heart sing. My second experience, eh... it would have been just as great as the first time but we sat right next to the men's restroom.  Gross!  I'm sorry Mr Hamachi and Mr Toro Special, I just don't enjoy your scent after it has left one's excretory system. I was also turned off by the constant Japanese conversation between the sushi maker and our waitress each time we ordered or the person next to us ordered.  Communication is great, obviously and I'm all for it, but please don't have the foreign conversation with me in between - That's just rude.
I really love this place. I think it's the best Sushi place in Palo Alto. My ideal order is : Seaweed Salad, Miso Soup, Alaska Roll and other salmon sushi's. Pro's: Good Sushi Fast Service if it's not very crowded Can get a table without reservation Private Parking Lot Con's: If crowded, very slow service Salmon is not always fresh Menu needs to be updated You can order a few dishes and pay around $20 per person.
Overpriced like whoa. The sashimi was mediocre, and very small.  The salmon teriyaki was the same way.  From what I could gather of what my dad ate, which was a sushi combination plate, it was just okay.  Basically, none of this stuff was worth what we paid for it, which was 20+ a person before tax. I will say the fact that their waitresses wear kimonos is pretty cool, but if it'll knock a few dollars off each of the items on the menu, I could stand for them going naked. kidding.  and terribly inappropriate.
Pumping this up to a 4 stars after my delightful recent dining experience at this restaurant. I took the liberty to order for the group and these are what we had for dinner. Beef Ishiyaki - Just a fun way to start the dinner. Nice quality rib eye slices. Came with two different sauces. The spicy one was really good. Chef's Special Sashimi - Most were just usual fare and none of the higher priced fish. There were hamachi, sake, maguro, albacore, amaebi, ika, hokki gai, tobiko. Came with about 2-3 slices each. Tokujo Sushi - 16 pieces of assorted sushi (1 maki roll and the rest were all nigiri). A bit hard to share because there were only 1 nigiri of each type. I am a traditionalist when it comes to nigiri. I want my nigiri small enough so that I could finish it in one bite. The fish should be thinly sliced and sit nicely on top of the rice like a blanket. I do not like a huge brick of fish on top of my nigiri. I was very happy with the nigiri here. No complaints from me on the presentation. New Zealand Abalone - The abalone was pretty small. It had more flavor than the larger abalone sashimi I have had. Texture is similar to mirugai but on the softer side. Uni Sashimi - Sweet and heavenly. Not the freshest I have had but the taste was good. (The freshest was the one sitting on its half shell still moving. Yes that's how I had my uni sashimi before.) Anko Kimo - Rich, creamy and velvety. Prepared the traditional way with scallion and ponzu sauce. This is my favorite dish. Hazelnut Cheesecake - Note to self: Do not order any dessert from this restaurant from now on. One time I had a sake glass slipper dessert (a special) at Fuki and it was amazing. Ever since then I have tried numerous desserts from their regular and special menu and I have been disappointed every single time. I would not recommend getting dessert here.
The sushi here is what you would expect for this price range. Certainly not the best but the fish... Read more 
Reserved the Tatami room at Fuki Sushi, and since there was only three of us.  They placed a condition ($150 spend).  That was not a big deal, since we ordered nice bottle of Sake.  The room was beautifully decorated with ornate Japanese decor...Duh! The sashimi is very fresh, did not try any rolls (not a roll guy).  The service was equally impressive. Fuki is one of the few Japanese restaurants to can actually take a date to a intimate setting.
My friend took me here after he heard that it was one of the best sushi places around in Palo Alto. We both disagreed with that statement. It's not bad sushi but neither is it great. We just ordered a rainbow roll, a dragon roll, a spider roll, and a spicy california roll. My friend is not the most adventurous eater so I'm breaking him in and the rolls weren't bad. The service was slow and we both swore that our waiter didn't like us. He was in a mood or something. Oh I tried their plum wine and it was absolutely disgusting. I'm so sticking to regular wine or sake and Sapporo next time. The wait was only about 5-10 minutes during peak dinner time on a Saturday so that was definitely nice. Overall, the food wasn't worth the money we spent there and the service was sub par at best.
I know this place is one of the legends of silicon valley... been here forever, who knows how many deals made in the back tatami rooms... but the food is just OK. We came with a smaller group and ate in one of the tatami rooms. Service was fine, friendly. The sushi was OK, not off the charts great, but not bad. Some of the appetizers were good. The Agadashi Tofu was different, it didn't have the shaved bonito that is usually on it. The sukiyaki was totally average, the meat was not that tender and the sauce didn't have the right sweetness to it. I'm sure we'll be back for more business dinners.... but not high on my personal dining list.
we went here on Friday night. Fortunately, it was early dinner time so we didn't have to wait and the service was pretty good. We wanted to try out this place because of the review here and here is what we think of this place. Interior decor is nice but on a ... rather not-well-lit side.  I like a place that is well-lit and rather spacious, Fuki sushi did not offer that.  It has a lot of separating panel to create private space that makes you think of cubicles.  The ceiling is pretty low and it makes the space even smaller than it is supposed to be. Overall, I don't like the ambience so much. Now let's talk about food. Their appertizers are extremely small in portion.  We ordered seaweed salad and was shocked at how little it is with the price that we had to pay.  It was very very expensive.  If you are really craving for it, I still don't think you should order it.  It was a little dry too.  You can't sense the sesame oil very well.  A little bit under season. Their miso soup was a little bit different from other Japanese res.  Instead of using regular soft tofu, this place used deep-fried tofu in their miso soup.  And maybe I am used to the fresh tofu in miso soup, this is not really my taste. One other appertizer that we ordered and would definitely recommend if you get to try this place is the Tuna-no-Isobeage.  It is a must try if you come here.  The taste and texture are perfect and it is one of the few dish that is worth the price. Besides this, we also order some of the spicy roll.  Although they are not spicy as said, it is still good with wasabi. The nigiri is fresh, but the portion is pretty small and that makes it more expensive than other places that we went to. Service is good here.  Although I think it is a good place, it would be hard for me to come back here because I believe it is over-priced.
We brought a group of 15 from work to Fuki for lunch and were left... wanting. My boss requested large platters of random sushi and the waitress gave him a puzzled expression. Upon detailing the idea, she said no, unless he paid $25+ per person... that was just silly based on the cost of the separate dishes, so we resorted to each ordering separately. The wait for our food was tedious - we ended up requesting edemame so we wouldn't starve - and even then the waitresses found us strange. Why no, we didn't just want ONE small serving - we wanted enough for ALL of us! *sigh* Perhaps this is a nice enough place when you are alone or with 1-3 other people, but for a large group it was terrible.
Fuki Sushi is delicious and it is now our regular sushi place. We went on a Friday night around 8pm, sat at the sushi bar (no wait), and had a wonderful eating experience. We primarily ordered nigiri -- the fish was fresh, rice was good, slightly sweet and did not fall apart. The service was prompt, the staff friendly, the sushi chef - very funny. We always order edamame and it was wonderfully fresh here as well. They have mochi ice cream (which i just LOVE!) I can't wait to go back. FYI - nice ambiance, and they have a liquor license which my husband likes because he gets to order scotch with his nigiri. Happiness all around. I highly recommend this place. Fuki Sushi is my everyday sushi. I'm so glad we found this place. Thank you yelpers.
An excellent establishment!  The interior decor is quite nice with plenty of space unlike some other sushi places where they cram you in.  They do classic sushi well although the price is a hair high for my taste (check the number of pieces you get when ordering).  Never had a long wait.  The service is excellent and the waiters even ware costumes.
Really bad service.  They waited 15 minutes to seat us even though there were plenty of seats. When we ordered, we asked for water and it took them 20 minutes to get our water. Our server was nowhere to be seen during those 20 minutes.  The agedashi tofu was good, but the sushi was not fresh. I won't be coming here again.  I recommend kanpai sushi in downtown palo alto if you want sushi in the palo alto area.
Their tagline says it all: authentic Japanese cuisine. Walking in on a rainy night... Friday without reservations... friend and were able to get seated within 15 mins of what they quoted us. The host (I can only assume was the husband/wife owner team) were polite and friendly. The servers were dressed in kiminos (mostly females) and the clean up crew were wearing shirts and tie. I was impressed... However, the ambiance inside were a bit too serious for a Japanese place. It was quiet! Anyway, we got seated... given the menu and we ordered the following: ME:  3 orders of tamago = the egg was thick and sweet... loved it!  1 order of California Uramaki = the rice was a dry... I wasn't a fan b/c I've had better...  beef teriyaki = that I didn't even eat or tasted b/c hunger passed me and so my friend ate is for a bit and ended up taking it home. I forgot what my friend ordered but he enjoyed every bit of it and finished it all off. Overall, service was prompt and friendly. Very professional would be the best description. Definitely falls under the "upscale" Japanese restaurants I've been too... Price... friend took care of it (thank you!) but definitely on the pricier side. PS: make a reservation!
Do you drive a nice car which cost was in the six figure price range? Was mommy and daddy able to take care of their little darling growing up, providing whatever you wanted? Do you frown upon shopping in places you wouldn't dare be caught dead in, such as Wal*Mart or a chain grocery store? Do you like bossing around people and asking for the manager any time a problem arises when out dining? Do "coloreds" bother you, making you always make sure to check your back pocket for your wallet or your shoulder for your purse strap? If so, you fit the criteria of the kind of jerkface clientele that frequent this place. Loved the food, hated the customers.
Alright people... I try not to sound (ok ok, be) a food snob but seriously you CANNOT give this place 5 stars. I mean, yes, if it were in the middle of bum-_ _ _ _ nowhere then yeah, ok. Your other options would be the local pizza parlor, a BBQ place run by the guy down the street, and a 24 hour flickering neon sign dounut shop. But you know what? We aren't in the middle of nowhere. This is PALO ALTO. There are a zillion and one sushi places around down here (let alone in the city). And so we've gotta be a bit more picky yelpers! Went here tonight because I've been craving sushi nonstop for the last week or so and the boyfriend didn't want to stay up in the city tonight. (psh) First up- this place does not bring out edamame nor tea nor those lovely warm wet cloths some sushi places provide. Not a deal breaker (it's not like we go to sushi for this stuff) but it's not ideal. Next up the food. We ordered 1. Gyoza 2. One Order (7 pieces) of the salmon (sake) sashimi  ($15 I believe) 3. Two orders (since each order is only ONE piece!) of the following nigiri - fire salmon (flash fired salmon) - hamachi (naturally) - amberjack (kanpachi) - "all natural salmon"  (wtf who knows but the waitress told us it was more flavorful and lean than the regular salmon and since they were out of wild salmon we decided "hell, why not") 4. Spicy tuna roll (for the bf) The gyoza were tasty. They came with a oil-based dipping sauce that had a nice kick to it. Now the real stuff.... 1. The fire salmon is a win. No seriously, a WIN. Every sushi place should have this on their menu. The salmon had an incredibly rich smokey flavor to it that was just mouth watering. Sadly, since everything is so damn expensive, I only got one baby piece of it. (And each piece of it was, I believe, $3.50 or $4)  ... which is insane. 2. The hamachi was also quite good. Better than Eiji in the city (see my other review). Nice flavor, good texture. Not fishy. 3. The amberjack (I believe $3.50 or something a SINGLE piece) was a TOTAL letdown. No really, a TOTAL letdown. It had pretty much ZERO flavor and the texture was just not up to snuff. And at $3.50 a pop, that's totally unacceptable. 4. The "natural salmon" wasn't really all the flavorful at all. It certainly had more flavor that the seven piece salmon we got, but that ain't saying much. 5. The seven pieces of salmon (sake) sashimi were yet another let down. The flavor was totally missing. And, given the slice of lemon that was put on them, I saw it coming. Which brings me to say. IF YOU GO TO A SUSHI PLACE AND THEY PUT LEMON ON YOUR SASHIMI, PREPARE TO BE DISAPPOINTED. It might as well be a sign that says "WARNING: What you are about to eat has no flavor...well, save for the flavor of lemon" At a place like Fuki, which is so damn expensive, it is ABSURD to have salmon that flavorless. Absurd dammit! The prices would suggest high quality everything, not just high quality one-off pieces of nigiri with the rest being just mediocre. So sad. All told we spent $74 _before_ tip.  I don't think I'll be going back... unless they cut their prices in (more than) half. Save your money and go somewhere else (shit, for the price, go somewhere else twice!)
The Verdict: "Authentic, classy, pricey, small portions" I went for lunch with a friend and was pleasantly surprised by the decor and outfits of the wait staff. I felt like I had stepped into a nice restaurant in Japan since all the tables were so neat and separated with paper/bamboo walls. Our waitress was dressed in traditional geisha like clothing and was super polite. Given all the thought and detail that went into the whole setting and ambiance, I should not have been so shocked to see that the menu items were a bit on the pricey side. They only have a dinner menu and no lunch specials. The best deal was to go for the bento box at $13/person, but this can be an expensive lunch price point. I ordered a bento box with mixed tempura and sashimi, which came with miso soup and salad. The miso soup, although a healthy portion was kind of bland and had onions in it...not my favorite. The salad tasted bland as well and the lettuce limp. The tempura and sashimi were both good, bu the portions were quite small. I did notice a nice sake list, but did not partake since it was only 11:30 am. Would I Recommend it? I would probably not go back for lunch since prices are steep and portions are tiny.
I'm surprised I haven't reviewed Fuki Sushi yet. Unfortunately, due to a not so stellar experience recently, I can only give them 3 stars. (I debated giving them 2, but can't bear to do it owing to all the good memories I have of the place) My family has been going to Fuki Sushi for years. In fact, we are friendly with the owner's daughter. Once THE go-to Japanese restaurant in the peninsula, Fuki Sushi can no longer compete with the multitudes of really great Japanese restaurants that have sprung up in the last decade. It makes me sad... Fuki Sushi was once my all time favorite restaurant in Palo Alto. Anyway, I may be a bit biased when reviewing Fuki Sushi because I've experienced their offerings when they were at their peak. Now everything seems very meh. 1. While the quality of the sushi rolls and sashimi is still very good, the prices seem to have skyrocketed. (My dad was commenting on how their chef special sashimi was once only $28 [long long ago] and consisted of a wide variety of the freshest, most delicious cuts. Now it costs $38 and consists mostly of tuna prepared different ways, ikura, and a few slices of salmon, snapper and ika. Sad.) 2. Service tonight was SOOOOOOOO SLOWWWW. I mean, sure, they give you plenty of time to enjoy your meal... but the food took a while to come (soba & sukiyaki arrived first, followed by sashimi, then hamachi kama nizakana, and finally sushi rolls) and our waitress would disappear for long stretches of time, leaving our empty teapot unattended. 3. Did I mention the price!? $20 for two entree bentos, $13 for cold soba, $19 for sukiyaki, $19 for hamachi nizakana... The presentation is very nice, but I can't help thinking that I could get equally delicious/well prepared food at other Japanese restaurants in the area for a more reasonable price. Years ago Fuki Sushi's patrons consisted primarily of Japanese businessmen. Now the majority of diners are Caucasian. Which isn't a bad thing... just... you have to wonder where all those Japanese businessmen looking for authentic Japanese food have gone instead (my guess is Sushi Tomi... I saw several of them there the last time I went). All in all... yes, the food here is still good, but unless you have a lot of money to spend, or have a special occasion to splurge on, I say skip it in favor of some of the other Japanese restaurants in the peninsula/south bay.
The first time I tried to go to Fuki Sushi it was so busy I couldn't get a table and I went to Sushi Tomo across the street;  I wish I'd gone back to Sushi Tomo instead last night. While Fuki's presentation was great across the board, their Spicy Agedashi Tofu pretty fantastic, and their Miso above average, the fish just didn't do it for me.  Not only did the selection on the sashimi plate leave something to be desired, but I also questioned the freshness.  Maybe they were still working through weekend surplus on Monday night?  The Avocado Unagi roll was pretty tasty, and again had great presentation with the avocado wrapped around the outside of the roll.  But then there was the spicy tuna roll which had mayonaisse in it (the menu probably said it did, but I didn't order that item), which was just not good. This place is really about a 2.5.   The food gets 3 stars, but the price performance is what knocks it down to 2.
I have a few sushi-fanatic friends who insist that this place is great, so I can't give them less then three stars... however I will add no stars of my own to that. I don't think that the sushi is THAT fantastic - I've MOST DEFINITELY had much better sashimi elsewhere. The interior is stuffy, in an odd cross of wannabe traditional Japanese rooms [complete with sliding shoji screens] and a really tacky miscellaneous Asian restaurant. Overall, not worth the hype and the wait.
I would consider this a "classy" sushi place -- if that even exists. This isn't your typical one room sushi restaurant, with boats going around in the middle. It has a normal layout and several different rooms. When you first walk in, the place has a very nice look to it. There's a waiting area where the hostess is and then you are taken to another room with tables. There's plenty of seating and the ambiance is very nice. The waitresses even wear traditional Japanese outfits, which makes the place seem even more authentic. The few times I've been here the service has been quick and friendly. The food tastes fresh and the menu offers a nice selection. It's a bit pricey, but I would definitely recommend coming here for a date or special occasion.
I am so sad to report that my recommendation for Fuki has gone from 'Would love to go there more often if I have the funds' enthusiast (2005/2006)  to 'I don't mind going if I am on a business expense account' luke-warm recommender (in 2007/2008) to now 'Will not go back anymore' detractor status.  *See my previous review. My most recent experience with Fuki was just simply disappointing on all accounts.  I called ahead for take-out indicating I needed to pick up my food at 11:30 (I called at 11).  I did not order anything fancy - just the typical rolls - California roll, futomaki, spicy tuna.   Simple enough right?  Here's what happened: (1) Order not ready until 11:50(!) - what's the point of calling head and being promised a pick-up time when they are late by this much.  The person who took my credit card for charging kept on saying 'it is almost ready.' - this caused me to be late to my lunch meeting. (2) Food quality further detriorated - I found it hard to believe but they actually changed the contents of the fuki maki to even lower quality fillings - I don't think they even put in the unagi.  In addition, the rolls were poorly made.  It as so sloppy that it couldn't be picked up by chopsticks - it was as though someone forgot to use the sushimat to 'squeeze' the sushi to make it tight. (3) Services - the guy that usually works at the bar area was just not that nice.  He normally is very non-enthusiastic but if you feel like you make the customer wait for such a long time, wouldn't you at least apologize or give her a cup of tea? Again - Fuki continues to be super expensive and given the horrible service and food quality, definitely not going back anymore (even though I have been doing since 2002!)
I have always been a fan of Fuki - been going there around 4/5 years ago and I must say, the quality... Read more 
Fuki Sushi has got to be my favorite Japanese restaurant in the area.  No matter what you order, it ends up being really good.  And the environment is really nice; you hardly remember that you're sitting along El Camino Real while you're inside. They have the standard fare, including various meat dishes, a full sushi menu (the Spicy Scallofornia rolls are excellent), and lovely noodle/soup dishes as well.  They also have a full bar, with some lovely cocktail menu for anytime during your menu. Service is consistently good, though reservations are recommended during busy dinner times.  The prices are a bit higher than some places, but I think they're still reasonable.
We were looking for a sushi place around Stanford and this came up as one of the best around PA. I would honestly give this place a decent rating because their decor replicates the Japanese theme throughout the restaurant however, the food is exceptionally pricey for those on a budget. I ordered the Chirashi which was pretty good but the other orders (teriyaki's) were mediocre at best. Not overly impressed considering the price we had to pay.  I would make the drive further to explore great quality sushi for a cheaper price. =(
Often rated one of the top sushi restaurants in all of the SF Bay Area. Hit the ATM beforehand, but you will not be disappointed!  The fish is consistently fresh and high quality.  Personal favorites are the Hamachi sushi and Spicy Spider Rolls (Open Wide)! I definitely recommend eating at the sushi bar for a quicker and possibly entertaining dining experience, but regardless, the restaurant is beautifully designed and the ambience is chill. Note to all Bay Area sushi eaters:  Have higher standards and expectations of your local sushi joints and demand better!  The days of mediocre sushi are over! See you at Fuki!
I saw the dragon ... and I ate the dragon.  Then there was the rainbow.  And the spicy tuna.  And... Seriously this is some of the most delish sushi I've had.  Their fish in my opinion is generally some of the freshest, the sushi rice spot-on with taste, portions are decent, and their dinners well-prepared.  I have never had a bad experience with the food here!  But............... I've had big problems with their service.  And it's not they don't try, but they seem to be one of the busiest sushi restaurants and their sushi bar usually falls way behind in preparing all of the orders.  It is not unusual to wait an hour to get a table, nor half an hour to receive your food, nor for them to take a while getting back to your table to ask how you were doing.  I was out with a friend for her birthday dinner once and she never got her sushi until like 2 hours later.  Ugh. My advice: go earlyish and you'll be fine! Times visited: 5+
Nothing too impressive about the food (tiny), service (training), nor atmosphere (too big). I was a bit concerned that everyone seemed to be waiting for their food (and staring down first-time waiters) at the same time. I was truly miffed when the waiter said all sushi orders would take about 45 minutes to serve after waiting for about 20 minutes to order. No Japanese tradition here and no need to ever go back.
I don't think I've ever waited longer to order food or for food to arrive. If I have and just don't... Read more 
Wow... this place was pricey. I only went once, when I started a new job and my manager took me out to lunch... and I still know that it was pricey. Nice setting, and good service, but still... I think it came out to like $30/person or something.. .and that is steeeeep for lunch.  I guess they were feeding off the http://dot.com crowd with money-a-plenty at the time.  I wonder how they are doing now?
Very good quality sushi. It's a bit pricy though, but the food is fresh and delicious. The restaurant looks nice, unlike many other sushi places.
I'm a bit torn on how to review Fuki's. The ambiance is really nice. They even have waitresses in kimino's as well as tatami rooms where it looks like you're sitting on the floor (but it's really just like a huge pit with lowered tables). The price is definitely on the higher side for the amount that you get. Yet, even with two small rolls and a calamari appetizer, I found myself full. The calamari was sooooo delicious, and the rolls (Alaska and Spicy Scallifornia Roll) were both good. But once again, for the price, I would expect a little bit more....$9 for 4 pieces of the Scallifornia. Service was really off. It was a busy Friday night, but nonetheless, they pretty much came to take our orders, give us food, and we had to page them to get the check. Also, for the tatami rooms, you have to spend a minimum of $40/person....no bueno! Yet, at the end of the night....it just didn't feel quite right. I'm thankful that they accomodated us for the birthday dinner that night. But I can't help but feel like we weren't very welcomed...and that always puts a damper on the food experience.
Sushi is one of my favourite foods and I am pretty careful about which sushi places I frequent because the one thing you do not want to have is bad Sushi. I first visited Fuki Sushi for a Sushi-making class. It was more a make-and-eat-all-you-can type of class with less of learning and more fun which suited me just fine. After that I've been here a few times for dinner and lunch. The service for Dinner is a little slow but the weekday lunch service at the sushi bar was extremely quick. They have a pricey sushi menu but nothing very adventurous. They have all the usual Nigiri Sushi and the Makizushi. However the taste of the sushi in this place is really good and the fish seems very fresh. I have tried most of the Nigiri here and the Hamichi, Maguro and Sake are really good. Not too big a fan of the Saba and the Uni but that is because I do not enjoy the taste of the fish and no reflection on the restaurant. I also enjoy their spicy Makizushi rolls with the special Mayonaise sauce which i'm pretty sure is not very Japanese but very tasty nonetheless. Bottom Line: Food: 8/10 Presentation/Decor:4/5 Service:3.5/5 A very good (and pricey) Sushi place for someone looking for upscale sushi on the Peninsula.
The sushi here is like no other in south bay. The food is always fresh and delicious, and their specials are often very interesting creations. The tea they serve you is amazing (a sign of any good Asian restaurant--if they serve you bad tea, don't expect good food), and the service is excellent. Since we moved to California from Vancouver, one of the things I've missed the most is the availability of good, fresh sushi. Fuki Sushi definitely meets those expectations, although it is a rather expensive. But totally worth it! They often hold sushi classes, too, managed by Foothill College but held at their restaurant. It's really fun and educational, and we had a blast taking the 2-hour workshop and eating sushi we made ourselves. My sushi-making skills improved considerably after taking the class!
First off, let me say that I think the reason this place has less than 4 stars is because of the price.  But people need to get over that aspect and realize that the food they're eating is REALLY GOOD!  Plus, it's sushi...I'm not sure that cheap and sushi should be in the same sentence unless you want fish that's not fresh.  Ew. Food:  DELICIOUS!  Every sushi roll we have had here is very good.  I consider myself a bit of a sushi expert now, simply because me and my boyfriend enjoy trying new sushi restaurants.  But, we always come back to Fuki.  It's no wonder that it keeps getting rated "Best Of" for Palo Alto.  I highly reccomend the following: *Deep-Fried Oyseter Roll *Eel & Avocado Roll *Salmon Skin Roll *Spicy CA Roll *Spicy Tekka Roll *Rainbow Roll *Spider Roll *Salmon Teryaki Dinner (I could go on...and on) Service:  I've read some yelpers complaining that the waitresses here are too pushy and keep asking if you need anything, but we have never experienced that and we've been here about 15 times.  They are very attentive, but not in annoying way.  They're all very nice and helpful.  Very polite.  The nice thing is that the majority of them are actually Japanese.  They all wear kimonos while serving. Ambiance:  The atmosphere here is very nice.  It's a great place for a date or a group dinner.  Try to sit in the back dining room if you can, as the front one gets a little cramped because the tables there are close together.  Even better is if you get a booth in the back dining room. Drinks: They do have a full bar here.  Not an extensive one, but they make some pretty tasty specialty cocktails.  Also they have a pretty decent sake menu. Prices:  As other Yelpers have said, they are on the higher side, but that's because this is a Japanese Restaurant and not just a sushi joint.  If you want to go to a nice dinner this is the place. Bonus:  They also do take-out and catering.
Terrific super fresh!  A little pricey but worth it. TIP: Ask for the special apetizer menu. Only giving 3 stars because NOT KID FRIENDLY.  We had super service the years I went there as a single guy, dating guy, and newlywed guy.  As soon as kids and grandparents show up, service got noticibly consistently worse.  I thought it was a fluke but same experience each time with kids.  Not quite rude, but we were neglected.  We got the picture and dont go there anymore with kids.
I have a few issues with this place.  The decor is nice and they are the only place around that has nice tatami rooms.   And that's all it has going for it. Made me lose my appetite when they brought out the hot towels when we first sat down, and they smelled of some serious mildew, leaving my hands smelling worse than old kitchen sponges. We sat at the sushi bar and asked the sushi chef if the Uni was good today and he said yes.  We ordered 2 servings of it, and our friend who understands Japanese later told us he muttered under his breath in Japanese that today's Uni was NOT GOOD, as he was serving it to us. We are serious sushi-lovers and have frequented this place many many times over the past 4 years and it is going WAY downhill. I can't comment on the cooked food since we usually sit at the sushi bar and eat primarily sushi.  But it's a shame that they are not even in competition with the likes of Kaygetsu (Menlo Park), Sushi Tomi (Mtn View) and Sakae (Burlingame.)
My family and I love this restaurant. We are always impressed by their comprehensive menu. The ambience is also excellent. If you don't feel like having sushi I recommend their duck and beef. I have tried both and would highly recommend them.
Great classy place for a Sushi trip. However, it is pricey. Watch out. I come here often when I'm in the area, at least twice a month, sometimes more. It is a great place for a date, and most importantly, sushi. The fish is fresh and the ratio of fish to rice is very good. The attention to detail to the sushi rice is even better. Near flawless amount of vinegar to white rice. I have been eating sushi my whole life, and the sushi here is always top notch in my opinion. I believe that their entrees are lacking a bit of the same care that their sushi is given, but if you are not a sushi fan and just want to come here for something like a Beef Teriyaki - this place will be "OK", but not spectacular. Especially with their prices. They know that since they have opened up a restaurant in an affluent Palo Alto area, that they can charge a premium for most of their food. And they are most  certainly correct. Do not come here if you are not willing to spend $30+ per person. This place would easily nab a 5-star from me if it weren't so expensive. Example of their prices: ~$5.50 2 pieces of Yellowtail ~$5.50-6 2 pieces of Sake ~$16 2 pieces of Toro ~$5.50-6 2 pieces of Maguro ~$5-5.50 2 pieces of Tobiko (my favorite!) ~$12 Dragon Roll ~$10.50 Spider Roll ~$14-20 Beef Teriyaki Oh, on a side note, if you come here and love Miso type dressings on your salads, please please please get a Green Salad as a side. You will not be dissapointed.
A pricey treat worth every penny. The waitresses don kimonos and heavy eyeliner.  I dig it.  Don't come here for a quick bite, but rather to enjoy the ambiance, authenticity, and outstanding sushi. Each night the specials include rare fish prepared in various authentic Japanese methods....succulent sashimi to fried whole fish (it brings good luck).  Check out the sake menu...either cold unfiltered or hot filtered....duh! Note: They have a tatami room that can be reserved in advance.
I could go into great detail, the short of it is: - Good, traditional sushi. - Beautiful interior and dining environment. - Attentive, well-dressed wait staff. - High prices and poor value for money. Come here if you're on an expense account or you're super rich (or just richer than me).
Too expensive!!  Paid close to $100 for sushi for two people!!  It's wasn't good and we were still hungry!  Totally  not worth it.   The fish didn't melt into your mouth like fresh fish should - especially the price they were asking for.  I didn't try any of the entrees. There was a sushi chef who had a mole on his face and he had a least a 6 inch hair growing out of it!!  EEEEEWWWW!!!  I wanted to reach over and pluck that thing out!!  This place wasn't exciting at all.  The service is soooooooo slow. hmmm.....one star because it was close to work 2nd star...... really no reason... ok, here's a reason... I didn't see a  cock roach running around
Service was pretty good, but we were only one of two parties there. We were seated in the area across from the sushi bar and the guys working behind the sushi counter were LOUD. We heard everything we didn't need to know about their personal lives. We ordered both sushi and hot entrees. The hot food was slightly overcooked and chewy. The sushi had the texture of plastic. Instead of melting in your mouth like good, fresh sushi, we had to really work at it and contemplated sending it back...but we didn't want to risk these rowdy guys spitting in our food or something.
Amazing...Amazing! Great ambiance and service. I also asked about the sushi making class since 2 of my man friends looove sushi and constantly sit at the sushi bar mesmerized at the chefs' skills. Anyway, my group plans to set up a "private class" since we need a minimum of six people (cost between $40-$75 per person) to host and we get to eat our creations, not a bad idea to indulge on our next visit. On this visit, we started off with kaki fry and the calamari. Both were 'melt in your mouth' awesome! The Chirashi and sushi followed and was one of the best I've had in years. The desserts were typical (green tea ice cream, mochi, etc.) All in all- I am pretty impressed so I can't wait to go back next time I'm in the area.
I'd come here again with a big group. There's a section in the back where they seat big groups with separate rooms and sliding doors. You'll feel like your in Japan. You'll need to take off your shoes, but dont be deceived, you wont need to sit Indian style. There are holes hidden under the table.  The server was very pro and dressed in traditional kimono which compliment the japan feel extremely well. Besides the experience, the place has a very attractive name. My coworkers couldn't get over the name. They just love saying "fuki." All in all, place had an authentic feel, so it makes sense to charge an extra few bucks per order. The food was very good, and decent portions too. No one was disappointed at the food. There was an order of fried chicken with special sauce that was very delish. Sushi here was also very fresh.
The food is overpriced and disappointing.   The sushi tasted old.  The sauted snapper tasted good,  but the  the portion was small.  The green tea tasted like dreyers ice cream and the esspresso cheese cake tasted dry and prepackaged.
Sad to report that this was just not a good dining experience.  We went with a couple of friends, and I was initially impressed by the beautiful decor and elegant surroundings. But alas, the service and food were pretty poor.  Our server was completely inexperienced and way too busy for us.  She repeatedly forgot things we asked for or ordered.  It was one of those meals where we had to ask for more water constantly.  And the green tea was cold most of the meal.  She did not even bother to refresh it. And the food -  It looked beautiful and even tasted okay, but I do not expect a restaurant with $20 to $35 entrees to serve cold food when it is supposed to be hot.  Between the 4 of us, we ordered teriyaki, tempura, sashimi and sushi rolls.  The teriyaki came lukewarm and the sauce was sort of gooey as a result.  Two of the tempuras of the four were also cold.  We had the teriyaki reheated and it tasted better, but it arrived at the end of the meal.  But the sushi rolls were quite good. We were disappointed with the overall experience, and we will probably not return.
This place is super cute outside and inside and the waiters are dressed up, usually in kimonos. The service is very good. The food itself is a little above average, nothing spectacular though. Fish is okay. Cooked stuff and the rolls were standard. Cleanliness was good. Soup and tea were good. Prices were not overpriced but not cheap either. So 3 stars..it is
I've been going to this place for lunch at least once a week for the past year and finally decided to write a review. Although on the pricier side, the service and food are awesome.   When we arrived, we were offered spicy sprouts as an appetizer. I ordered the bento box with salmon teriyaki and the sashimi combo.  It was plentiful and really fresh.  The only negative thing is the priciness of the place, but the bento box is a good deal in relation to the amount of food. I've also ordered the sashimi moriawase, which was excellent, but again, pricey.  Definitely a good place to go if you're not too concerned about cost!
So I drove to palo alto once again, I'm actually from san jose so it's a long drive. and I got there right before they became dinner time, so I got a lunch box to go so that I could go home and eat with my relatives, knowing they were waiting for me I went as fast as I could. I got the order really fast so I was suprised and excited because I knew their quality of food was excellent. So I went home and I opened up the box to show my mom how good it was because I wanted to go there with her one day... It all went downhill from there. I got a bento box, with tempera and gyoza and a salad and miso soup.... they totally forgot my tempera, and I was like omg, that's my main course. I paid for soup salad rice and potstickers? lame.. So I called back to the place and Lumi apologized for the inconvience and said if I came in again she'd make it up to me by giving me a free bento box on the house to make up for the last one.. I was quite disappointed because I knew I probably wouldn't drive all the way to palo alto again. :/ oh well, it wasn't her fault.. just wish I got all my food.
This place is wonderful!! I looked it up and saw that it had a great rating based on other websites.... Read more 
When I first walked in, wow, the waitresses are wearing traditional Japanese outfits & there was a dining room for those who wanted to sit on the floor. The service, more like a rating of a "2.5" was nice, but slow & the food for our group came at different times. The food I would rank as being higher more like b/w a 4-5, sushi roll, udon noodle soup was good. My friend ordered the $38 appetizer for a beef special in which you cook your own meat on a hot plate, he thought it was good, but considering that charged $1.50 just for rice he thought was "come on". This place does get packed for dinner around even 7:30PM. This place is one of the more fancy Japanese restaurants, that has a vast selection of dishes to choose from.
Really had no idea what to expect when I came here a while ago with some classmates.  We walked in and realized we were in a very nice place.  It was quiet inside, and very "Japanese-looking," at least to my western eye.  Lots of natural colored wood and rice paper dividers.  A beautiful and peaceful place to eat dinner.  You barely even notice that you're practically curbside to El Camino. A pot of GenMai Cha was placed on our table without even asking, and our server was very patient with our indecisiveness while ordering, and when we asked him to split the bill in a strange way.  The fish tasted fresh, but I did not like how nigiri was served one piece per order, this made everything more expensive than it first seemed.
This review is coming to Yelp from Redwood City!  I'm studying at my BF's office bc we have dinner plans afterward. For lunch, the BF's work bought the most gigantic delicious-looking spread ever!  I heard the guy making the call to the restaurant while he was ordering.  He said something about making a good first impression on the company. Resulting Fabulousness: 3 large wooden boats laden heavy with rolls, nigiri and wasabi balls the size of oranges.  4 big platters ornately serving up pretty slices of albacore tataki, salmon, rib eye, agedashi tofu and broiled eggplant.  Countless containers of miso soup and a huge tray of white rice with plastic leaves rounded out the banquet. The food was good.  I cannot punish a restaurant on jive-ass rolls if they are only following orders.  The BF, of course, loved the tempura shrimp roll with white masago.  Of course.  Because he is a round eye long nose oppressive white male. Miso soup was tasty.  It had sliced onions in it. In fact, every dish had sliced onions prepared some way. Ikura nigiri was salt, just the way I like it. Fire Salmon was salmon nigiri torched with a butane handheld. The token vegan ate all the agedashi tofu and the broiled eggplant.  I wanted an agedashi tofu. Though the food was beautifully presented and the cooked food smelled wonderful, the fish lacked that floral aroma that I wax on about.  If you're read any of my other sushi reviews, really high quality fish has a wonderful floral smell.  It's subtle.  It is more like an essence rather than a true smell. As the fish gets old and degrades, the floral scent disappears.  When a fish is fresh caught and prepared, the floral aroma is beyond intoxicating.
Possibly the best combination of deliciousness and authenticity that I've ever experienced at a Japanese restaurant stateside. It is often crowded and at times you have to wait to get a table, but you'll find that a 2-hour dinner session here isn't uncommon or uncomfortable. I prefer to eat in either the main dining room or one of the tatami rooms, as the bar room is too noisy (but does have nice garden views). The extensive menu can accomodate both the sushi lover and the adventurer - with lesser known dishes like sukiyaki, omakase, and traditional noodle or fish plates. The best thing to do is probably to order a bunch of everything and share. For desert, the ice cream with bean paste is strange but good, and stay away from the mochi ice cream (it's the same crap you can get at Trader Joe's). The prices are steepish but well worth the high quality food. The prevalence of Japanese nationals should be a good indication...
I haven't really had great Japanese food in Palo Alto, so this was a pleasant surprise. My friend and I split a dinner meal (sashimi and tempura), an unagi avocado roll, and an agedashi tofu appetizer. Everything was really fresh and well-prepared, especially the tempura! I'm usually not a huge tempura person b/c most places make their batter super crispy. Fuki did a phenomenal job balancing the friedness with the taste so it wasn't so flaky, as most places are. The sashimi was definitely on the smaller side, but you can tell that the fish is fresh. Fresh fish = happy jen. service was excellent, a great place to go for japanese in pa (see my other reviews for places not to go)!
I've always driven by this place and wanted to check it out. Now that I have, it's really nothing special. And can someone explain to me why it's so pricey? I like the waitress' uniforms and the outside decor, it's super cutesy.  Their specials are pretty interesting - some belly of salmon drenched in butter with some fish eggs and something else. It was pretty good, but iunno if it was really worth $16 for a small delicacy. The staff was attentive, but other than that, it's eh.
WORST SERVICE IN TOWN!!!!!!!!!!! DONT WASTE YOUR TME OR MONEY! If you want to be lied to, misled, or experience other horrific service experiences go to fuki sushi. If you want to order take out be sure to DOUBLE the time they tell you. At Fuki Suhi 25 minutes really means 1 HOUR to make your order And 1 hour to make sushi is absoutely ridiculous, DID YOU HAVE TO GO CATCH THE FISH YOURSELF?!!! Also, when your order comes out an hour later IT WILL BE WRONG. They always mess up some part of the order, in my experience this happened THE LAST 3 visits thus bringing me to Yelp to WARN the rest of you from this kind of  HORRIBLE experience!!! Oh and when you call to tell them how they messed up your order, they will further insult you by asking you if you "asked them to repeat your order back to you." Umm, last I checked thats YOUR JOB!!!! Don't ask the customer to remind you how to do your job, if you can't remember to repeat back the order DONT BLAME THE CUSTOMER WHEN ITS WRONG. if you want real sushi go to SUMO SUSHI IN LOS ALTOS. They actually take care of you and get your to-go order to you in 15-20 minues ALWAYS. NO LIES. I will NEVER go to this joke of an establishment again.
This place is wayy to expensive for what you get. We ordered two plates of Teriyaki Chicken, 2 orders of California rolls and a small salad with about 6 pieces of lettuce. It was 70.00. I could not believe my eyes when I saw the bill. My kids split a chicken plate which let me tell you was as much as 1 chicken breast and a small small thing of white rice.  My husband had the other chicken plate which let me tell you he ate DINNER when we got home and I had California rolls. The food was not that bad tasting except that they put fish eggs on the sushi. I never heard of that before. The service was super slow and they even forgot to bring out one chicken plate. If you are looking for a super good sushi place go to Sushi house in Palo Alto. They were closed that is why we tried here. We normally get the teriyaki chicken rice and salad and california rolls from them and it costs us 30.00. Let me tell you the food is so much better at Sushi House also. YOU WILL LEAVE HUNGRY AND WITH AN EMPTY POCKET
If you're looking for a sushi joint that caters to the (not-so-picky) masses, you'll find it in Fuki Sushi.  It's not for the people who seek honest-to-goodness, oh so yummy, sushi. I had my reservations about the quality of the food, and the place, after walking in the door.  We waited about 5 minutes before the hostess greeted us because she was on the phone taking someone's reservation.  Then, we found our server to be a Caucasian woman dressed in a kimono. (The horror just started.) I ordered a bento box and a side of uni (what was I thinking ordering uni at this establishment?).  I asked if the uni was fresh and the response I received was, "I think so.  They have the fish shipped everyday." I ate my food because I needed to eat, but I was very disappointed.  I don't think I'd ever go back.  Sadly, I have to keep searching for a good sushi/Japanese restaurant in Palo Alto near my office.
Definitely an outstanding place for Japanese food with JP's standards( waiting time and prices), although I didn't have a chance to know what the menu is like. Friends hosted a surprise party for my errr 21+ a lot birthday.  The waitress came to us and explained that due to the amount of customers(crowded at Thursday night), she suggested us to go with simple stuffs to avoid the waiting time.  Therefore, we are simple enough to just put her in charge of the dishes based on one condition--75% of sashimi+ Nigiri and 25% of kitchen food.  Still, the wait is almost an hour and we finally got our food at 9:00PM. Food are excellent decor and delicious.  However, one point 's off  because after the third set of dishes we still got all the expensive ingredients for our sushimi and Nigiri such as uni, Amaebi, mirugai, toro....  I surely "injected" a lot of cholesterol's that night. It's better to let the waitress know that you only want a certain amount dollars to spend per person so that you could budge the whole dinner.  Otherwise, it could be a ripped-off.
I called to reserve a table for 6 at 8 pm on a Friday night and arrived to discover that we had been given a private room at the back of the restaurant.  Fantastic!  Our waitress (who went by Marianne) was very attentive (and incredibly apologetic when she dropped an order onto my fleece jacket that was draped on the floor).  Except for that minor accident, the service was wonderful. We started off with some appetizers -- the agedashi tofu was made with a firmer tofu than we would have liked, but the goma aye (again, I wish they'd settle on one way to spell things) was perfect.  The seaweed salad was also a nice light way to start off the meal. For the six of us, we ended up with getting about 6 rolls.  The unagi avocado roll was a winner (you can't really go wrong with eel).  The spider roll was crispy and had a great texture, but not very much flavor.  Equally bland were the rainbow roll and the Alaska roll.  This is definitely a restaurant where you want to make copious use of soy sauce and wasabi. The restaurant also let us stay until around 10 pm (they close at 9:30 every night) and we were the last party to leave.  I have to stress that the service was excellent here.  On top of that, the bill came out to just about $23 a person, which was pretty cheap for all the food and time!  The rolls were not that great, although in the past the sushi has been pretty good.  The service was perfect, and the room was a nice touch, but it wasn't enough to bump this up to 4 stars.  If you've got a large group and want the freedom and time to chat freely, this is a great place to go!
Not a huge variety of fish, but the fish they served was decent.  The appetizers were ok, but again, nothing new.  Above average service.  They get pretty excited when you start ordering the more expensive items.
Plus + Good decor. It looks really classy, and would be a good place to take a date + Fast service + Good fish - high quality. Loved the spicy tuna. There was nothing special about this place so I don't think it warrants 4 stars.
So the only time I've been here is when my father was visiting town and I thought the chirashi was excellent - he went for a teriyaki chicken dish, which is unsurprising - my father is not the most adventuresome of eaters. The place is a very pleasant space and good for business dinners, but I found the price to be way over the top - the suchi isn't that much better than the very nearby sushitomo and in my opinion inferior to Homma's Brown rice sushi (although that is a different animal entirely so not necessarily a fair comparison). The decor is tasteful and understated Japanese, the service is prompt if not very warm. Overall I would not go back if even if the price were the same as sushitomo. This place is good for those who haven't had Japanese before or want to avoid authentic Japanese for something more toned down for the timid palate. This is also one of the places Stanford's MD/PhD program takes prospective admits to wine and dine them for this reason - fancy, very japanese looking, not very japanese tasting, and good environment for conducting business.
Come here for sushi and sashimi that is tasty and fresh. Just know that you're going to be blowing a wad of cash for it. Fits right in with the rest of Palo Alto. Nice atmosphere and a nice place for a date, if you can afford it. It's a shishi Japanese restaurant with a good selection of sushi. Haven't gone wrong with their menu yet, but I admit that I don't really eat here that often. Nigiri and sashimi are excellent. Rolls are good too, especially the spider roll. I'm also a fan of the agedashi tofu. I usually head elsewhere to fill my cravings for raw fish, unless someone with deep pockets is paying. Then it's game on.
Even though their service usually sucks, their rolls used to be really great (up until about 4 years ago).  For example, their deep-fried spicy tuna roll used to be FILLED with spicy tuna, and all of a sudden - they shrank! I vowed never to come here again. That, coupled with the high prices makes me give this place two stars only. I hate being disappointed after paying the high price for something that I could've done at home, and if I pay a higher price, I expect a comparable level of service to come with it. :-(
This was the first restaurant I went to when I moved to Mountain View years ago.  I met a friend here for dinner last week and it brought back a lot of great memories. I agree that it made me remember Singapore airlines with the beautiful women who are so gentle.  Our waitress was so sweet and made it a great experience. Their spicy tuna, although very large to consume in one bite, is delightful.  We had some great sushi and enjoyed the "privacy" of our booth.  I wish I had a place like this closer to home.
Fuki Sushi is an institution in Palo Alto.  The food is good, but far from the best Japanese food I've ever had.  The chef's special sushi platter was an adventure to be sure.  The mochi ice-cream was tasty, but you can get a whole pack of them at your local Ranch 99. Oh, and like everywhere else in Palo Alto be prepared for people talking tech deals in the most obnoxious way possible.
Went there for lunch - cozy little place with an interesting name. Lots of vegetarian sushi choices, and good sushi overall. Tempura was not as greasy, and had a good selection of vegetables Prices are standard - around $11 for a lunch combo Service was good. Overall, good place for a business lunch. Not sure about dinner.
Not cheap. Not expensive by sushi standards, but definitely not cheap. I was invited to Fuki by a recently-engaged couple who said it was quite yummy. You probably don't care that they were recently engaged, but I feel that it matters because these are the people who are looking to impress the friends who will be buying the wedding gifts! Anyhow, I'm pleased to offer my strong 4-star approval. Fuki had really well-dressed waitstaff and when I couldn't finish my food they offered to pack it up. When I got to the airport the next morning and opened the doggy bag, I was totally impressed at how delicately they had packed my 4 pieces of sushi in an ornate container. Definitely worth a second visit. But only when someone else is paying!
Come for - Cute tatami rooms for intimate small (4 ppl) to large (10 ppl) parties (the kind where shoes are off with a hint of non-traditional = hole to drop feet in under the table) - Fresh fish (only tried nigiri, will imagine the quality of the sashimi) - Tasty Agedashi Tofu (fried tofu in tempura sauce with grated daikon and green onion bits) Expect - Good service with a lot of server reach - the traditional restaurant uniforms sort of got in the way when serving (it also didn't help that we were way over the ppl quota in our room); server was kind enough to offer us an adjacent room connected through a sliding door (we decided to be cozy); she also created our dinning course with minimal input! - Smaller than usual nigiri pieces - the more authentic Japanese portion sizes were offered - Fun lunch place for special occasions What we tried probably didn't do them justice; would come back for the more exotic dishes and sashimi.
Fuki Sushi is the best Japanese restaurant on the peninsula. Two words: spicy rolls. Fuki Sushi makes their spicy rolls with an addictive, delicious, fiery spicy mayonnaise. I can't get enough of this incredible sushi addition--I could literally order down their spicy roll menu every day and be in heaven. Aside from very good sushi (even of the non-spicy variety), they great renditions of harder to find Japanese dishes like a great chawanmushi (steamed savory egg custard). Their appetizer list is great; try the scallop shimeji, scallops sauteed in butter with shimeiji mushrooms, a little wine, cracked pepper, and a bit of lemon. Ask for their specials list for unique dishes (including live soft shell crabs when in season!). There are two dining rooms in the building, ask for the newer side where the sushi bar is, which has much better lighting and acoustics. And don't forget to order some spicy negihama and a cold glass of Asahi to wash it down with!
I don't even have a favorite place in the city for japanese. So if I really want to treat myself or have someone treat me, I make them take me here. They have everything, the sushi is suberb, and I love the decor. The service can be spotty yes, but if I'm eating here I'm not looking to get everything in a hurry, so I don't mind a little bit of a wait sometimes. They make an effort to have a nice presentation for everything even their ungagi donburi comes in a little bento box. I come here with my family and for dates, it's great for both.
One of the better sushi restaurants I've been to in the Bay Area.  They have a good combination of classic Japanese cuisine and a decent selection of American-jin style rolls.  Plus they have a real bar--something you don't see very often in Japanese restaurants.  Their spicy spider roll kicks ass and their sashimi is sliced thick and incredibly fresh. Only downside to this place is parking....
The rolls we ordered were fine. The so called 'spicy' isn't spicy at all, though. However, I really have to complain on the decor. We were seated at the room straight ahead from the entrance, and the lighting was just horrible.. My friend lost her appetite after her first bite. She said she's just not feeling well, but I am pretty sure it's the lighting. The service was good, the girl serving us was extremely friendly...
Expensive, but great food and good cuts of fish. Decor and atmosphere are hard to beat, and if you have more tha 8 or 10 people - try and sit in one the private rooms - its an awesome experience.
Better than Miyake and Sushi Tomo, worse than Kaygetsu and Jin Sho. I've been about four times.  On the most recent visit, I ordered the chirashi with no wasabi. Me: "Excuse me, I ordered this with no wasabi" Waitress: "No, you said no saba." M: "No, I love saba.  No wasabi." W: "No!  You said no saba!" Friend: "He said no wasabi." W: "No he didn't." M: "It's ok.  It's fine." W: "Okay, but you said no saba." Also, take a look at the racial breakdown of the front and back areas next time.  White people in the back, Asians in the front.
In my opinion, the perfect chirashi would contain the following ingredients: *multiple slices of sake, hamachi, saba, hotate, maguro, unagi, amaebi, tamago, white tuna *ikura (salmon roe) *slices of sweeten braised shiitake mushroom *pickled radish or daikon *seaweed salad (optional) This restaurant's chirashi had the following pros and cons, relative to my notion of the perfect chirashi: Pros:  Maguro was fresh, had good tamago...if you like uni, they had uni (i've never tried it but had to eat it this time since it came with my chirashi and there wasn't much else there, and surprisingly it wasn't too bad...), surf clam,  shrimp, ikura Cons:  not enough variety.  no hamachi (what the...), unagi, hotate, saba, mushrooms, pickled daikon.  It did come with some pickled vegetable, but imho, they were too finely minced The reason it was so expensive was because of the uni and ikura.  i'd rather there be more variety than have either of those two items.  The fish that it did come with was rather fresh, but the next time i come, i won't be getting the chirashi...
Probably one of my best sushi experiences ive had in a while. Me,my boss and manager ate here on my birthday blowout and loved it!!! Super Super fresh sashimi. We had the sushi chef just make whatever he wanted to make for us. And did he have some tricks up his sleeve!!!! All great things to say about this place. Ive been back here about 3 times already and always go to the same sushi chef!!!  Nice restaurant and very nice service. Also try the mochi ice cream! Pretty good stuff! Ohh yea dont expect all those random sushi rolls you get at those fake sushi places.. all authentic here.
8:15pm reservations and we still had to wait about 5 minutes before being seated. Clean, modern, and a real sushi house! Tuna Tartare - $12 - It was fresh but I was expecting chunks of tuna, not a mash up. Got some rolls - It came to ~$40. Good service. We got a corner table so we had some privacy. I only wish the seats/tables were not so close together. I would not come here on a normal basis -  on the expensive side!
Went with an old family friend.  Heard from her that this was a family run business and has been here for awhile. I'm giving the 4 stars because of the great ambiance and the service.  The food is okay to me.  Prepare to whip out the credit card.  Some of the prices are a little bit on the higher end.  There are some deals on the menu though. I think that this may be a more authentic sushi place so that's why I'm not liking it as much.  However, I can tell you that the service and ambiance are great to go here with friends or a date!
I came here because of a friend's recommendation while on a business trip. I had high expectations because of this and those expectations were definitely met. The fish was high quality and there was a very nice selection to choose from. I recall the yellowtail being very good. We received very attentive service (our waitress was almost too nice!) even though the place was closing very soon. I definitely want to come back here again when I'm in the Bay Area.
First time experience... Great service and food! Waitress was accommodating and flexible and tentative. Great! The food added to the whole experience. Fried chicken (don't remember the fancy Japanese name) but that was good. The sushi was great(toro and spicy tuna hand rolls) it's a tad expensive but it was worth it. I'll be visiting again!
My taste buds were doing the happy dance the night we ate at Fuki. Why have I not been here sooner?? We came on a Sunday evening, roughly an hour before 'closing' time, and even still, with the delicious food and friendly customer service, I would recommend this place to my friends. While I can't remember all of the wonderfully yummy things we ate, I will say that I am happy to tell people that this is an upstanding Japanese restaurant to try should they ever be in the Palo Alto area.
5 stars for the name alone. Thanks for the laugh.
A bit pricy but tasty, service was excellent. Food prep and presentation were excellent. Ingredients were obviously very fresh and well prepared. thanks
I came here last night because I had heard decent reviews about this place, and I was especially tired of going to Masa Sushi and Tsunami Sushi. Unfortunately, I still have not found an ideal sushi joint in the peninsula. Surprisingly, the place was empty, and I think the server Sophia was very helpful. She was courteous and very friendly, and attended to all our needs. I think the great service had to do with the shortage of customers. We ordered only sushi, and I thought their sushi was much better than Masa or Tsunami Sushi. The fish was very fresh and they didn't encumber their rolls with excessive amounts of rice. I just wish they had a few more special combination rolls. You know - the ones that combine roe with eel with hamachi with crab with tuna with lobster while being baked over with a "special" sauce. Those are always fun to eat. The only down fall was that the prices were definitely in the high range.  I would come here again, but definitely not turn Fuki Sushi into my weekly sushi fix, perhaps monthly.
Had a great dinner here about two weeks. Fuki is relatively expensive, but has the quality and service to match. My husband and I ordered two appetizers, a variety of rolls and nigiri, and a dessert, and the tab was $100 for the two of us, which for the quality we felt was extremely reasonable. Our waitress was helpful and overall service was very prompt. We went on a weeknight, which helped -- sometimes when Fuki is busy it can take quite awhile to get your sushi, but we were pleasantly surprised that wasn't the case.
We were in the area for a trip to Fry's Electronics.  Our appetites were growling back at us as well as eating away at our insides.  So, my GPS located this place since we were in the area.  Parking sucks because no one really parked straight, but I eventually found parking in viewing distance from the main sushi bar inside. As for the service, we went inside and seemed above average for someone in shorts and tank top (not that I was wearing such rags), but we did seem under-dressed.  Who cares!  Go in because I'm hungry.  I've only been turned away from one restaurant and that was in Washington D.C. (we need to wear a suit jacket and tie, no thanks).  ANYWAY... The lady took our order for combination tempura which came deep into the meal, but I felt really comfortable ordering sushi from the cooks.  Usually they're constantly making sushi, but since there was like 8 of them, I was able to catch one's eye to order their version of the Rock 'n Roll which they called Unagi Avocado Roll (LOL).  We also ordered some others which I forgot the names, but the overall taste was satisfying.  I was full from eating just sushi and some of the tempura. If you really want to eat here, dress up, don't order too much, and bring money. My date liked the place, only because I was there.   YUMMM
Go to Fuki Sushi if you want the best authentic Japanese sushi in Palo Alto.  I know that's not saying much, but it is actually quite good here. I've been here many times with my wife and she's a quite a foodie and a sushi fan.  She really likes it here, the atmosphere is low key and the decor quite nice.  Trust me, if my wife likes it here, it'll probably be ok with your sig o.  It probably helps that she starts with a sour apple martini.  But I digress. The fish is fresh here.  I like the sake (salmon) and the bonito tuna.  They also have plenty of other Japanese dishes, from stews to agadashi tofu, which is very good.  I also like how they give you a big pot of hot tea at the table, so you don't have to wait for refills.
My boyfriend moved up to Palo Alto last year.  We both love sushi. By "love," I mean that we used to eat sushi at least once a week in Los Angeles. Palo Alto to a newbie seems sushi-deprived compared to LA. It's kind of sad. So to cheer him up for his birthday, I treated him to Fuki Sushi. We didn't have reservations. The place was crowded because another birthday party had reserved a room there. While we waited, we decided to make use of the bar.  I got a glass of plum wine with a pickled plum in it! Yum!  He ordered a Sapporo.  Before finishing our drinks, we were seated though the place seemed busy by PA standards.  The table was a roomy, four-seater and the lighting was low in a romantic way (maybe, I had too much wine). Anyway, our hostess recommended an appetizer of eggplant with a silky soy-based sauce.  We ordered it.  I was delicious.  For rolls, I had Japanese sweet potato roll and a shiso roll.  It was the smallest meal that I have ever eaten, but it was really tasty. My boyfriend, who ordered seafood rolls, also thought his rolls were small, but tasty. Overall, good food, but be prepared to pay for small portions.  Guess that's what happens when there isn't enough competition in the sushi market...
underwhelmed..some of it was stinky (the beef had a 'Steak-umm' smell to it..not in a good way; and some of the fish off)....sake was like moonshine made in someone's garage...and portions were not enough for little piggies like us. I came home and made the man an omelette and couscous. Made myself a waffle. Meh.
Having tried many of the other sushi joints around Stanford area, Fuki Sushi was recommended as a higher-end alternative where i could taste the difference. Sadly, this wasnt the case.  While the interior decoration and service was outstanding... the value for the meal given was extremely low.  Even though the food was good, it was not worthy of the extra premium attached to it. Maybe i needed to order something really exotic or rare, but i just stuck with some typical sushi dishes.  Even then, quite a bit of money gets you not enough food. Unless you have money to blow, there are plenty of other more economical sushi restaurants that will do just as good for less.
Ok but pricey.   If you are on a budget, do not go there. Interior is decorated beautifully, and the waitresses (despite the terrible color of the lipstick some of them are wearing) are cute and almost make it into the "quite attentive" category. I really liked the way they served the chirashi in two square bowls one on top of the other.  That was something I've never seen before, and the food was decent.  Some portions are generous (big rolls such as Dragon Roll etc) but some are not very generous. The keywords here are "normal", "ok" and "somewhat expensive". Will return for lunch when I win that Lotto I've been playing and if I don't have time to drive to Sunnyvale.
I like this restaurant for the following reasons: One of the best sushi Very friendly and good service And minus 1 star because of a little pricey menu.
Way overpriced. The fish did taste fresh, but the portion sizes were a mean joke. I kept wanting to ask our waitress if she dropped the other 4/5 somewhere along the way to our table. Also, the wait was unbearable. Even with a reservation, after an hour of being there, we were still waiting for our appetizers. As one of the previous reviewers said, $100 dinner for two without any alcohol still left us hungry. So much so that my husband got an In-n-Out burger right afterwards.
Good fresh sushi. Very limited selection of 'special' rolls, so if you are looking for funky combinations in your sushi rolls, this is not the place to go to. Nice ambiance. Friendly and good service, though the last time I went, the server seemed a bit pushy with trying to sell the appetizers.
Given the price, one would expect very good customer service.  One would be wrong.  For our second visit, we ordered take out and were told our order would be ready in 25 minutes.  We arrived promptly... and proceeded to wait for an additional 20 minutes.  The staff was only begrudgingly apologetic after being informed of their delay (when accompanied by an eye roll, an apology is not made).  In addition, rather than offer to take immediate steps to correct their delay, they made excuses for the delay and took an additional five minutes. Final straw?  Another take out order appeared to have been processed promptly.
I say 3.5 stars.  I have been for lunch and dinner a few times. Generally good food and I love the decor and very beautiful flower arrangements. Last time we were there the service was so slow that I did not even want the last items by the time they arrived.  It's not at all inexpensive so I did not like the high price plus so so service. I think it has gone downhill.
This Palo Alto staple lives up to its reputation for well prepared sushi and sashimi.  Fish seems fresh, and the wasabi is real, not the rehydrated powdered stuff that unfortunately seems to be prevalent in many Japanese restaurants stateside. It's perenially packed with people around dinner time, only tapering off around the 9 PM mark. Be sure you get the sushi or sashimi.  The sukiyaki is also outstanding as well.  Portions for other stuff are on the small side.  (But hey... if you just wanted teriyaki, why not go to Miyake's and save yourself $$$?) Only downside is that with the busy-ness, the service can be infrequent, particularly if you're sitting in the corner.  The ambience is not the best for a romantic meal but for a business dinner, it would be suited just fine.
Hi there, kids! I experienced Fuki with a friend this past week, and I thought it was great! I had shiso roll, and cucumber/avocado roll, and edamame. I thought the prices were reasonable, and the food was scrumptious! Their veggie selection is fab! This is now my go-to sushi fix! The atmosphere is also nice and quiet! Loved it!
Fuki takes the cake for best sushi restaurant in Palo Alto.  Note that it is NOT downtown - it is practically on the Los Altos border - but is absolutely worth the drive.  Great selection of sushi, hot and cold dishes, sake, etc. The other great Palo Alto sushi joints, by neighborhood, are: Downtown: Kanpai (on Lytton) California Avenue: Jin Sho
I'm a fan and can't wait to come back! The service was excellent and the food was delicious! The sushi is so fresh, my only regret is that I didn't order more nigiri. The hamachi and salmon nigiri I did get were melt-in-your-mouth good. This place is so cute inside-- great atmosphere with it's window booths, shoji screens and servers dressed in kimonos.
Fuki Sushi catered a wedding I was coordinating and they rocked my world! The sushi was fresh, beautifully presented and delicious! Their staff was professional, courteous, on time, and went above and beyond to help divert disaster (due to another caterers mistake). They were the only caterer (of four being used for the wedding) that met us the week before at the facility as requested. I would not only recommend you check them out for their restaurant, but for any of your catering needs as well!
Sushi was not that impressive, you can get much better sushi with less $ elsewhere
Best Sushi I have had in the Bay Area so far. My wife and two of our friends came here on a Friday night at a fairly busy time.  Friendly hostess said the wait was about 35 minutes.  We walked around the neighborhood, stopped in the Starbucks on the corner, and wandered back to Fuki Sushi - only 20 minutes had passed, they sat us immediately. Waitress was very good, answered our many questions - "What are they eating over there?" "How do you do this?"  etc... 3 of us had sushi, my wife had the rib eye ishiyaki - which is thinly sliced beef that you cook at your table on a small grill.  It was a lot of fun, and very tasty.  The 3 of us all enjoyed our Sushi as well. Overall it was a great night.  The only part of the meal we didn't like was the tea.  Not sure if we got a bad pot of tea, or if it's just a different style of tea that we don't like.  It was really bad.  But, taking the whole experience into consideration, the bad tea was so minor that I don't want to take away a whole star.  If I could give a 4.9, I suppose I would.  But for now, 5 stars will have to do ;) A few more quick notes: they have private rooms where you sit on pillows (reminded me of "Yours Mine & Ours") - would definitely reserve one of those for a romantic evening.  Also, we were near a table full of Google employees (half of them had Google t-shirts, and one still had his badge on, LOL), so I guess this place gets some hipster points for that.
The restaurant itself is very nice.  Lots of space, clean, easy parking.  The food was just ok.  Flavors and freshness was not top notch.  Service was nothing special - had to remind server to bring me my miso soup, didn't refill our tea, etc.  Not the best.
I have been coming here for over 12 years now because back then there was no decent sushi place anywhere in the South Bay but here. Now that there are more competition I still fond myself coming back more than any other Japanese restaurant in the Bay. The service here is always great and the food is always consistently fresh and delicious. Some of my favorites include the tempura, the sushi(of course), the chazuke, the mushis and grilled items. They do have some dishes that aren't very good, (forgot what they were) but mostly everything on the menu is delicious. I will always be a fan of Fuki and dine here often for years to come.
There are a lot of great sushi restaurants in the area, and I think Fuki Sushi belongs on that list. Everybody I've taken there has thoroughly enjoyed it. Yes, it's probably better for business meetings and dates and such (I take candidates interviewing at VMware to Fuki Sushi for lunch quite regularly). The atmosphere is really nice and the interior feels very Japanese. It's perhaps not the best choice for a quick and casual lunch or dinner, but my friends and I still enjoy going there for group dinners nonetheless. Their Dragon Roll is delicious, though it's a bit pricey. I make sure to get one every time I go. My girlfriend loves to get the Plum Wine and Snow Crab Tempura when we go. The place is also near my home, which makes it quite convenient :) Fuki Sushi is definitely one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the area, and I think it's one that everybody should try at least once.
Not bad, not bad at all. Not spectacular either. Decent is what it was and I would go back. I should preface by saying I love sushi and all the accoutrement's and ceremony that revolve around the dining experience. That being said, this was a dining out of hunger and need, not for pure enjoyment. What do I mean? I mean we had a time limit and NO hot sake or beer... So sad. The restaurant itself was very charming and decorated very nicely with Japanese touches. Clean, comfortable, and cozy! We did have a very nice and accommodating waitress. I did have to do the double take when I heard her speak to us. A blond haired, blue eyed, white skinned girl sounding like authentic Japanese girl, speaking second language English--I had to check what my ears and eyes were separately telling my brain."Veg-ah-tobbles," made me look. Wasn't happy with the look of the albacore (gray in color) or salmon (small in size) sushi, but they both tasted fine. Fine. I also had a spicy shrimp tempura roll that had more tiny golden roe on it than I've ever seen as a garnish (not my favorite--garnish or not) but was almost easily brushed aside. Very tasty And all washed down with hot green tea--which I enjoyed quite a bit. For the complete review: http://www.irasciblechef...
One of the best Sushi places in the bay area! Amazing taste... Always Fresh... Try the specials! You can go for the bar which gets quite busy. Or a great place for large meetings in the private rooms they have. We have business meetings there all the time. Bring in your laptops, and close the door... Order the Sushi and Enjoy!
I guess it is better than Suki sushi at least in name....* Talk about a name and a 1/2.   Giggle every time I ask my husband if he wants to eat there. I say "You want to eat at Fuki Sushi tonight".  He immediately corrects my pronouciation. Guess I better stop teasing him about it. * BTW there is really a Suki sushi - I have not actually eaten there though. It was 5 stars when I first went in 2008 but  they went through a smelly phase and then a bleachy phase and then a youawanna veggie sushi then you get thin rice layer - wha? That is mostly what I get when I go there - my bf/prtnr/hsbnd (he's all 3 rolled in one hahaha - pun intended - I 'll have the bph roll please - if you are in health care you will see the pun in that one too) - ahhh so where was I - well the veggie rolls became these scrawny things - how much does rice cost I ask ya!? I used to like there Golden Flying Fish Roe ( Japanese name? c/n remember to much fluoride/Hg/Pb/Pesticide Action Network  in the US water) but they changed brands or something instead of tasting like honey, they started tasting and smelling  like the fish eggs my dad used to put on his hooks! BPH seemed to mostly like it except the moula that was dola out for a meal - xs xs xs pensive.  I felt conspicuous if I wore jeans there. They seem to have one or 2 rooms of traditional Japanese faux sitting on the floor which look cool. I heard and saw a group in one who were having a great time. So now we go elsewhera. byebye fuki suki sushi
I used to love Fuki Sushi. It was my absolute favorite place to go eat. However, there is a reason I am using the past tense. Over the years, I've noticed that various parts of my meals have slowly degraded. For example, when I order Beef Teriyaki, there tends to be more fat on the meat then there was before. Also, I'm not so hot on the tempura selection (the green bean tempura, however, is amazing). Their soba noodles aren't my favorite, either; and their Tamago Nigiri Sushi doesn't particularly strike my fancy, either. The reason that I'm not giving them a lower review is for two reasons, one of which is their rice. Now, I know that rice isn't a meal in itself, but I adore their rice, especially when some teriyaki sauce is added to it. The other reason is the tofu in their miso soup, which is fantastic. The green bean tempura I talked about above helps elevate the rating too. I honestly prefer Sushi House at Town and Country. It's not as fancy, but their food is just as good if not better. However, Fuki Sushi has a bit too much fusion cuisine for my taste.
Updated 6 / 2011 - Still high quality food. Seems slightly lower quality than i remember. The Maguro was not the deep red color that i am used to . The Tempura portion of the dinner seemed small (one of each vegetable). The fried Oysters were Very good as well as the spider roll. The miso Soup and Salad very good. The service was promp (6p reservations). When we told the waitress that we didn't like the wine, and thought it was bad (spoiled), then ordered a different one, when we receive the bill, both wines where on the bill. They eventually took it off after we had to ask, but also charged a second glass for when my 5 year lemonade spilled (which we didn't mention since "our fault"). From our dining experiences this would never occur in other spots, (compare service to what we get when we go to PF Changs?). Maybe we are used to different standards. Anyways, all in all good food.
like the food, very high quality. some others said service can be spotty, and i agree, haven gone... Read more 
This is one of our favorite sushi restaurants.  We have dined in as well as carried out.  Their food is consistently good!  They have lunch and dinner sushi specials with fresh fish flown in from Japan.  It was delicious and a really great way to try something new. I would consider them a more traditional japanese restaurant.  They have sushi + skewers + tempura.  The beef kushiyaki is delicious!  All the sushi is great!  It's a good place to bring young kids as they seat all the families in the same room, so as not to annoy the other diners :-)
Dear patrons. Please stop bringing your screaming baby out with you on valentines day. Have some courtesy and take it outside.
Hands down the best sushi experience on the peninsula!  Fuki offers the widest range of fresh fish as well as intriguing rolls on top of very traditional Japanese fare.  Best of all Fuki hosts informative courses that are well thought out and well attended. I have been a loyal Fuki Sushi patron for 6 years and counting.
If I really wanted to, I could walk here from my home...but I don't really want to.  It is pricey, stuffy and the food is not that great.  I've tried their sushi, teriyaki, their.... needless to say, I want to like the place, but I just don't. Why eat here and have so-so sushi when less than a mile away you can have Monster Sushi?
My partner and I took his 83 year old Japanese - American Nisei mother out for mother's day this weekend. She hadn't been to Fuki Sushi since the 1970s and was eager to go back. While the decor is very nice our overall dining experience was unfortunately one of the worst we've ever had. We were there at 6 PM sharp for our reservation and were one of the first parties seated. Our waitress took over 20 minutes after seating us to come back and ask what we wanted to drink. We asked for tea as part of our drinks. We ended up asking 3 times over the next 20 minutes for tea before getting it. We ordered the agedashi tofu as an appetizer. His mother ordered a dish of tempura and he and I ordered the "Sushi Experience" for $25.00. I asked if there was any shell fish as part of the dish and if so could I substitute. She assured me there was not.  Her tempura dish came about 20 minutes later along with our tofu. The tofu was very spicy and garlicky which had been stated on the menu. I liked it but she found it not very "Japanese". But it had been listed as garlicky so no surprises there. Our 2 Sushi Experiences came after about another 10-15 minutes. We had now been there for almost an hour before getting our food! Her tempura was fine and she enjoyed it. Cooked well and a light batter. So that dish was alright. Not superb but ok. Our sushi was the worst we've every eaten in 15 years of eating sushi from New York, Los Angeles, Tokyo and of course the San Francisco Bay Area. The flying fish eggs were 'fishy" smelling.  I ended up with several types of shellfish sushi; squid and abalone. The shrimp sushi was limp and dry. All of the sushi was somewhat lacking in that 'sheen' seen with fresh fish. Also the fish was not at all resilient and was quite warm and some of it smelled 'fishy' and not like the clean ocean smell of good sushi. The rice in the sushi was also hard and dry as if it had been sitting out. The fried calamari and fried meat balls were cold hard lumps that had obviously been cooked and left to sit after being fried. And to add final insult to injury, our waitress after leaving the food didn't come back and check for over 20 minutes nor re-fill the tea pot! Our final tab was a bit under $100.00 and it was not near as good as many places we've gone to where we could have spent half that amount for similar dishes. Don't go there for sushi is all I can say! And don't expect decent service either. Very disappointing!
Fuki Sushi. 2.5: As the other reviews point out, this place has the freshest fish and slow service. I don't even know why I'm writing this. But, for everyone who bags on the slow service, this is not a fast food restaurant, and wouldn't you suppose that the freshness of the fish should be paramount at a sushi restaurant? At the sushi bar, the amaebi (raw prawns) looked spectacular. The wasabi was not the standard stuff that everyone else serves, which made me think that either they are preparing it themselves, or buying a higher grade. The uni was the freshest and best quality I have tried in several years, and I think the restaurant should be credited for its standards in that respect. The food is great, and I like that the slices of fish are normal portions as opposed to the places that think more is better -- to me it means I can eat more variety. Ok, the walls are purple, not really lavendar, but definitely light purple, and the booths have slatted light balsa wood. The bar is just a sushi bar, but it is subdued. The sushi chefs will only ask you for your order, no banter involved. The food is great. I believe it is better than Sushi Tomi, or Ebisu, and so on, however, there are plenty of places where I have a better time. This restaurant is very quiet, like the antithesis of Miyake's. They do have a decent wine list. I think it's overpriced. But, people still go. Is it good? Yes. I give Fuki Sushi an almost highly respectable rating.
Mid-range to high end sushi served right. Food----- A little bit expensive, but they offer a lot of small plates and unique sushi cuts that you can't get at a lot of sushi places. Setting---- One of the best designed japanese restaurants I have been in. Its beautiful. Service----- Better than any other sushi restaurant I have ever been to. Also better than a lot of fine dining restaurants. Suggestions, describtions, sake suggestions that impressed me because we were not up sold but presented a bargain that ended up being beautiful. GOOD RESTAURANT NOT JUST A SUSHI BAR
Sono tabemono wa hontoni oishikatta desu yo. Food is very very good, and atmosphere is very elegant and understated.  I recommend the omakase.
Pricey, but worth it. We usually go on a weekday and there is no wait if you go early, otherwise get a reservation The fish is very good here, they always have a great assortment of rare fish- i especially like their toro here. it melts in your mouth. Also their lobster tempura is worth trying. I love the service and decor. Its very traditional and enjoyable atmosphere. If you're a sushi fan, live on the peninsula and haven't been- you are missing out!
A classy restaurant, but their sushi is average to sub-par. The appeals of this restaurant are probably their service and appetizers. For higher quality sushi at a better value head to Sushi Tomi where a chirashi is $16 compared to here where it's $24.
Very good sushi...the sashimi and sushi was very fresh, and the atmosphere is great.
I love this place.  I lived in Japan for several years and this takes me back to Fussa (Hussa), Haichioji, Shinjiku, and Harajuku (Halajuku) all at the same time.
There's only a few Japanese Restaurants who can perform at high standards of perfection. Not only does the building and decor look authentic Japanese, but the food tastes striking similar as well. If I want rolls and hand wraps, I would go to a restaurant that has sushi chefs making their creations in front of me. If I want to experience fine Japanese cuisine reminiscent to old-world cultural traditions, then I head to Fuki Sushi. Parking is somewhat plentiful with two lots in the back and street parking in front and back. Their entrance is slightly to the side facing El Camino Real and surrounded by a lush Japanese garden and fountain. The entrance is sufficient for those who are ordering take-out and for people waiting to be seated. The hostess is always very welcoming and polite. It is best to call ahead for reservations or make reservations on their website. Upon walking to your table, you will see an amazingly decorated restaurant with artwork and masterful writings. Evenly spaced tables grace the carpeted floors. Traditional Tatami rooms can be utilized for small and large groups if called ahead of time. Waiters and waitresses are dressed in traditional Japanese clothing. Males wear a normal shirt and tie while females wear kimonos with neutral colors. The environment is dimly lit but provides enough lighting to enjoy your meal and have good conversation with your company. The menu contains a large variety of Japanese specialties. For sushi lovers, there is a tempting array of delicacies. I've eaten here numerous times, but last week Tuesday we decided to do take-out. It was about 6:30pm and patrons were constantly coming in while I was deciding on what to order. Taking food to-go is almost as good as eating inside but without the ambiance, good service, and food is slightly colder. The food is packaged very nice for presentation and to keep different flavors separated. My family wasn't too hungry but still wanted something filling for dinner. This time, I ordered: 1 Dragon Roll (epi tempura with bbq eel and avocado outside, sauce was very light and not drenched, rice was moist) 1 Nabeyaki Udon (thick white noodles in a hot broth with chicken, cabbage, carrots, fish cake, and shitake mushrooms; great for a nice cold day with a good balanced flavor) 1 Dinner #2B: Beef Teriyaki & Tempura (Satisfying portion of tender marinated teriyaki beef, hot tasty miso soup on the side, big fried portions of tempura vegetables, and an orange slice) Total take-out bill including tax was $48.62 Wait was minimal and only took 15 minutes. Previously, I've also been able to taste their Fried Oysters, Gyoza, Shishamo (looks like anchovies, grilled, and lightly salted; perfect), Rainbow Roll, #3 Sukiyaki (nice large pot full of tofu, vegetables, yam noodles all mixed in a sweet shoyu broth with chicken) I can honestly say that all their dishes are very delicate and delicious. Review upon review, I've never come across an article written by a local or national paper that's given them bad press. Prices are very affordable for Palo Alto. Once you come try it for yourself if you haven't done so already, you will see why Fuki Sushi is one of the highly rated Japanese restaurants in the San Francisco Bay Area.
Fuki Sushi : sushi as Olive Garden : Italian food. Unexciting and not terribly authentic.
No doubt they serve fresh sashimi/sushi and their chirashi is absolutely irresistible. We often take our customers here for lunch - their lunch bentos are visually impressive. However, if it's not for business purposes, I'd much rather go eat at Sushitomi in Mountain View for the price they charge. The decor is beautiful, but I wish the tables were more spread apart. It gets way too crowded inside especially around the sushi bar.
From outside Fuki Sushi leads one to believe that the cuisine is authentic and 'seious' food!  Much of what I've eaten there over the years has been good, but unfortunately, not great.  While I must have fresh fish, I can think of other more relaxed places offering much more for far less.
Fancy-schmancy interior, fabulous location, but I'd be happier eating elsewhere.  Bland rolls, average sashimi and nigiri.
I would have to say Fuki Sushi is the best sushi I've had in Palo Alto. They service is great and the atmosphere is cool. They have these really cool private rooms in the back but they do close a little more but it's worth it. If you go there you have to get the Dragon roll, it's my favorite. Also there isn't much parking at Fuki but you can park on the street.
I have been here a few times now and originally I was like ok this is cool, but then after going to a few other places in the area this place is just ok. I was just sort of like meh. I came here recently alone and was like well I will try some of the specials, but hey they are super expensive... I think if I was wanting to impress a date I would come here. But if just eating alone I know better places in the area.
This place is overpriced. One order of unagi for $2.45 is only one piece, how tacky is that.  So disappointed.  The sashimi is not as fresh as other places.  My server forgot my miso soup and salad that came with my meal.  The spider roll is probably the only thing that's half way decent.  I don't recommend this place.
although expensive, fish is fresh.  I love the spicy sauce that they have here, the japanese decor, and the albacore spicy roll... not to mention the scallopfornia spicy roll. YUM.
Not sure why everyone raves about this place.  Just because it has that Japanese look on the interior and exterior, doesn't mean the food is good.  Overpriced, servings are small and not that great.  There are plenty of other places to go to.
Pricey but yummy. I took my father here when he was in town. He's traveled a lot and loves good sushi/sashimi. He's no expert but knows what he likes and so do I. So at the recommendation of a friend in the area, I took him there. About 8 months later he's still talking about this place! :)
Not bad.
I took me friend for dinner. It seems that we're an oddity in the Bay Area -- 2 British Asians with foreign (not Indian) accents. Me friend got a little irked at the waitress continually calling us "sir" this and "sir" that, but that's a British thing. Onto the food, the wasabi was mild (yes, I took a LOT of it). I agree with Benjy -- the miso is good. I don't have any complaints about the speed of the service nor the attentiveness. I also don't find this place expensive -- given a similar restaurant in London would cost at least 4 times more. The only reason it's not 5 stars, is that they didn't have a wine list.
Yay!  Good, real sushi!  Real good sushi!
I love fuki when I'm dining out on an expense account, and I'd never come here on my dime. It's simple, you shouldn't have to pay for generic Americanized sushi, which is what this is, at an authentic sushi price.
The food is good and the decor is nice but I just think this place is over priced for the tiny portions.
I love this place.  It's convenient because I live in the area, but I would come here from around the Peninsula for the great sushi they have.  It's simply the highest quality in the area.  And with sushi, it's worth it to pay for that quality.  The service is always wonderful, formal and professional.  They are busy on the weekend evenings so if you want take-out, order early or be willing to a wait a bit.  They have just remodeled and it looks great.  There is a tabled area by the bar where they tend to seat families with young children, and a more quiet dining room in the back. All in all it's a great place for a nice evening out or a nice lunch.  It's high quality and get you pay for what you get, deservedly.
Another excellent sushi lunch.. love the new Fire dragon sushi
Very good, sort of expensive.  My husband always goes a  little nuts at Japanese restaurants, because he loves the food so much.  He once ordered so much that they turned our sushi order into something that looked like a luxury liner.  Beautiful presentation, so much food!  Guess will have to chase with sake depth charger.
Place has gone down hill the past few years.  Still maintains it's outrageous prices though.
I had lunch here the other day, and it's my new favorite sushi place.  The service was attentive and polite, and the food was amazing -- I was particularly impressed with the albacore sashimi and the spicy tuna rolls (which were unlike others I have had, in a good way!).  The bento box is a great deal for lunch with lots of different options.
Fuki Sushi is a bit of an oasis on a stretch of El Camino Real that's otherwise wasteland. It's a nice little Japanese restaurant with good atmosphere and delicious sushi. Unfortunately theres cheaper sushi that's every bit as good in more desirable areas. If you're stuck in the area, without the means to travel, Fuki Sushi will be a welcomed retreat. Otherwise I suggest travelling south into Mountain View to visit Sushi Tei or Sushi Tomi instead.
Thank you Lumi-san for your reply. Unfortunately, the Tamago I was served that night was no way made by  hand. It was one of those pre-made ones you can find in supermarkets. There is no way you cannot know if the tamago you are eating is made by hand or made by something else, like a machine. Maybe your experienced chef was off that night? Because I was pretty disappointed  with your sushi over all.
Overpriced sushi/sashimi. Over $100 for 2 people for less than average quality sushi. They don't... Read more 
Wow! Fuki is my 250th review. So, I guess it is fitting, considering everything that I have heard about this restaurant from my co-worker who has been frequenting this place for several years. All I hear is, "fuki is the best sushi". So, since I was down in the peninsula, I purposefully went to to Fuki instead of the numerous restaurants on Univ Ave. It was not what I expected when driving down El Camino. I pictured a mom and pop kinda restaurant that was sparsely decorated and few seats. You drive up, and it's a monster restaurant with several parking lots (fyi - they are tight and small and hard to maneuver in and out of some). I walk in and it's totally modern. They have little booths and the area where you have to take off your shoes to eat. They have beautiful orchids all over the restaurant and even in the women's bathroom. The waitresses are dressed in traditional Japanese dresses. Now for the food. I sorta had high expectations but really to be truthful, I'm not a *huge* sushi lover. When I go Japanese, I don't mind rolls and stuff, but I really love sukiyaki and I will eat that even if it is 100 degrees outside. So, we order this appetizer special which had scallops, shrimp, tomatoes and avocadoes on an endive  -  very good and sorta had a fusiony feel to it.  Then we had one roll, which basically had avocado, rice (of course), eel and the twist was that it had almond flakes on it - also very good. Then we had the beef sukiyaki. The waitress asked if i wanted salad OR soup with the sukiyaki (hmm normally don't you get both?) So, there was very little broth, but it was more salty than sweet. The meats were tender and high quality and it also had tofu, noodles and shitaki mushrooms. By that point I was completely stuffed so we did not finish the sukiyaki. So, although there are numerous complaints about the portions, I found them to be fine. As I walked through the restaurant, it was now packed and I saw some people grilling their skewers with a little open flame cooker - that looked cool. Their menu was sort of daunting and if I ever happen to be back, I hope to be with a bunch of people so I can sample much more. All in all, it was definitely good, but not exactly OH MY GOD THIS IS SO FREAKING GOOD. But still it gets 4 stars
This is an average sushi place.   Their sashimi isn't as fresh as it should be and I'm pretty sure our waitress was sick because she was nearly whispering when she was taking our orders.  The prices are normal for a Japanese restaurant, but I'd really rather go somewhere else for better quality sushi.
We like this place for special occasions. It's really too expensive for everyday sushi eating, so we go to Tomi or Satsuma for sushi most of the time. Fuki has a really nice atmosphere and the service is perfect. The food is amazing, but it seems a bit over-priced to me. And you really need reservations on a Friday or Saturday night. One word of advice: Order the Clam soup. It's magical...
I've been to Fuki Sushi a few times, and it is always very good. I even ordered take out from them and that worked out well for a nice dinner at home. Very fresh, good service, and they have a huge menu. As far as the negative comments people have, Fuki tends to be a business destination for both lunch and dinner, so I think that speaks to the quality of the restaurant.
I am picky about my fish. The vast majority of sushi places just really are not that good. Anything where the fish moves on a boat, car or carrier by trained rats on a track around the table is not fine dining. And YES you can tell the difference in terms of the quality of the fish. Its not just the freshness by the way, just as a prime cut steak requires a certain treatment of the cow, every salmon out of the water does not taste the same - polution of the water, temperature of the water (this is huge, cold water fish have more fat), etc. When I was younger I pretty much drenched my fish and rice in soy and wasabi anyhow, so I probably would not have noticed if I was eating maguro or one of those trained rats, but if you move past that you will come to realize good sushi cost a lot for a reason. You don't even want to know how much the top quality places cost in Japan. No prices on the menus because if you have to ask your in the wrong place... In terms of Fuki sushi, it is pricey. And I bet there are better deals out there. But it is also very good. The fish quality when I was there was very good. Not too fishy, it was sweet and tender with a good fatty quality. The rice was not too sweet (a common mistake of americanized places, loading up the cane sugar in the sushi rice). The cuts of the fish were ample and the fish to rice serving was good. The service was excellent. The atmosphere does add to the experience for me as well, and this place was spot on. All in all, if you are looking for a nice sushi place and are willing to pay the price for one I think this is a good bet. If you want to save money and eat fish on rice, there are other places to go for sure.
Like most have said, the sushi here is delicious but expensive. The decor is great, and the waitresses are dressed all cute. But man are those ladies pushy! For the price they charge for sushi, they could at least let us masticate without asking "anything else??"  Pushiest service ever!
I went here expecting a pretty standard sushi dinner..... BUT with the specials for the night... it brought my whole notion of what a good fine dining sushi spot should taste like.  I was super impressed with the seared ahi tuna with caviar.  I am telling you----  I couldn't even speak or hear what my dining buddy had to say.  I had to stop him from speaking in fear that my taste buds would be interrupted.  We also had the halibut with spinach tempura style, clams, and of course salmon sashimi, octopus, and another round of that ahi tuna with caviar.  All quenched with a bottle of chardonnay.  YUM.  I'd have to say, however, I wish our chardonnay had been chilled in a bucket of ice.  Honestly, everything was so good that I couldn't complain.  The waitress was superb.  She was super cute because she didn't interrupt, but when she did she was very kind and respectful. It's very rare for a sushi spot to have so many selections of wine....... sake...... and other things to mesh with fish/seafood.  FULL bar too.  I met my dining buddy at the bar... as he was drinking a white russian.  SO.  NEEDLESS to say, when I want a special sushi dinner, I am definitely coming here.  Good find.
It's solid if on the pricey side -- it's one of those places where you know it's expensive, but that you can always count on it to deliver consistent quality. Only thing I noticed is that their sushi service is extremely slow -- meaning if you ordered only sushi on a busy Friday night, expect to wait a while for your meal.
I am giving it 3 stars because it lives up to its name, fuki, which means rich in Japanese. The bill is sure rich. The ambience, deco, and food all conform to what you'd expect from a higher-end Japanese restaurant. There won't be any upside or downside surprise. Apart from all the sushi and sashimi items you will find in other Japanese restaurants, what I particularly suggest for yelpers here who don't shop at Japanese supermarket is to try out their Nigori Sake, which not a whole lot Japanese restaurants carry. Nigori is a sweeter, cloudier, slightly milky sake more suitable for women.
We love Fuki Sushi. The decor is relaxing, the service pleasant, and the food is consistently good. We're vegetarian, so I can't comment on the fish-based items, but we love the Spicy Agadashi Tofu, The Seaweed Salad, Vegtable Tempura and Jumbo Vegetarian rolls. The miso soup does contain bonito, and we always appreciate the fact that the waitress will kindly bring this to our attention. We've been going for the past 15 years, and it continues to be a favorite.
For the love of Pete! I've been eating so much sushi and writing so many sushi reviews lately, you'd think I was a billionaire critic. I'm gonna go broke but my tummy is happy! Good sushi. Like a 7 out of 10. I had only a couple of issues with it: the pieces are on the small side, and the seaweed and shrimp was a tiny bit chewier than I like, but the fish was phenomenal. Esp. the yellowtail, the salmon and the tuna. Fabulous decor and atmosphere. Gorgeous. Romantic. 10 out of 10 (5 stars is what I consider a weak ratings system, can you tell?) Service - very good. Like 8 out of 10. When I walked to the restroom to wash my hands, each waitress I passed stopped, stepped aside, and did a little bow (and I'm a girl!). It was nice. And the place is huge. Our waitress was sweet and polite and didn't come by too often to interrupt us. She stopped by our table what I would say is the perfect amount, in fact. Definitely a slightly more expensive place to dine, but what do you want...delicious sushi, great environment AND low prices? Be realistic. Someone's got to pay for the fancy decor!
I did not have a lot of time. But met someone for lunch here, very nice ambiance, good service. I ordered a sampler kind of a box/plate that had sushis, sashimi, unagi and few other stuff. i loved most of it on the plate. They did not give me wasabi, i had to share it from my guest's plate, which was not optimal
Fuki-sushi is an excellent place for sushi, albeit a bit expensive.  I went with my Japanese girlfriend one night for an early dinner (5pm). Most of the sushi chefs were actually Japanese; I think one may have been Chinese.  We sat at the counter and ordered a variety of nigiri and rolls, all of which were excellent, and not so small like you might see at cheaper places. I think it's a bit on the pricier side, but we don't eat that much, so it seemed like a reasonable value.  Opinions may differ on that. We agreed that the place has (mostly) authentic Japanese decor and feel inside.  They've paid great attention to the details in the architecture, decor, and trim.  Our waitress was a bit slow despite the place being near empty at 5pm.  But I think that was an aberration since she seemed new (spilled a beverage on some other customer).  The sushi chef served us promptly at the counter, so the only delay was in getting her to take payment!
I will only comment on their a la carte dishes, not sushi.  Fuki offers more traditional style Japanese cuisine than other restaurants of the same class (Jinsho, Nami Nami).  Their dishes tend to taste a bit too salty or sweet, but overall fine.  Try their sukiyaki, futo maki or saba shio.
Going to Fuki Sushi can be quite an experience, or so I've heard.  Instead, I got spotty service, and paid $38 for six pieces of beef that tasted exactly the same as regular beef, except with the availability of some nice sauces (in other words, stay away from special #14! you think you're getting a steak?  You get a card pack sized set of strips).  The sushi is quite fresh though, and the atmosphere is nicer than at most Japanese restaurants.
Don't buy into the hype.  Sushi here is overpriced and the service is a nightmare.  It took about an hour to get our sushi and they were so hard to flag down to even get a refill of water.  I was thoroughly unimpressed.
I'm shocked that some people said their fish wasn't fresh.  I've been to Fuki Sushi many times and I've never had anything but high quality fresh fish.  It can be on the expensive side, but it is excellent.  Their tofu dishes and tempura are also incredible.
Palo Alto sushi place delivers the goods on authenticity and style.  One of the few places to serve fresh uni in the Bay Area, and the presentation for their wide variety is quite imaginative.  This wonderful upper-tier sushi is a pricey, but it's worth it.
Before anything else, I have to say that I love the flower arrangements in here.  I've only taken maybe a year of Japanese flower arranging but I can definitely appreciate the arrangements they have in here.  As mentioned by many others, the decor is very nice.  The windows are covered from the top down so your view of Palo Alto is blocked, but you can see the gardens they have right outside the windows.  This really helps to create a setting for dinner.   We came here last Friday for my friend's 30th birthday (happy birthday k!) with a very small group.  It seemed to take a while for our waitress to come for our drink orders and even longer for our tea to arrive.  But the food came pretty quickly once we ordered.  My friend and I both ordered udon - perfect for a rainy Friday night.  The noodles were perfect - slightly chewy and firm but not hard.  The broth wasn't bad... not super great but it didn't take anything away from the noodles.  Other members of our group ordered various sushi and tempura dishes.  I didn't hear any complaints so I'm guessing their food was good.  Strange to say, but the part of the meal that stood out the most for me was dessert.  I ordered Ciao Bella Mango Sorbet and it was super good. Although the food was good and the ambiance was really nice, I have to give them only 3 stars for the service and the prices.  While the pricing isn't ridiculous, it is a bit higher than what I would expect to pay for the type of food we ordered.  But you're also paying for the ambiance, and for that, it's worth it since there aren't many places in the area that have such a complete style.
Absolutely incredible dining experience. I've driven by this place many times and have wanted to try it and today I finally made it in. I wish I had stopped by before. The service was first rate, the atmosphere was great and the quality and taste of the food was out of this world. I found the prices to be quite reasonable given the quality of the food. I will definitely be making more trips. This is my new favorite sushi restaurant.
When the corporate execs have a large group and crave sushi - I send them here. they can accomodate the larger groups. - I send the smaller groups (less than 5) to Sakae in Burlingame
I was totally disappointed!!! The food was just OK and it was very expensive!  I ordered one sushi roll (small qty) and some other dishes.  The sushi wasn't that good and it was way overpriced! The only good thing about that restaurant was the service.  I think out of all the sushi places I've tried Satsuma is still the best (for qty/price).
Definitely one of the better sushi restaurants in the area, but overpriced and overrated.  Presentation was nice, but service wasn't impressive.  You should at least try it once for the experience and then judge for yourself.
This isn't a typical Japanese restaurant.  Exterior looks like the owner put a lot of effort on decorating Washu style..  When we walked in, i noticed everyone was eating sushi and bento box and other typical japanese dishes. I want something different.  Looking through the menu, i realized they have others that is unique. I ordered a Omakase, Kyoto style 9 small dishes, a Ozsui, Donbimushi and Rip eye reduction (rare steak on a dashi, ponzu sauce, on top of a daikon and some veges).  Total + tip came out to 89 dollar for 2 people.  So i can agree it is expensive. Now, what i didn't expect was the Omakase, Kyoto style 9 dishes.  It was unique, tasteful and had a strong favor of Kyoto's taste.  The definition of "Kyoto style", is all dishes are not too hot or too cold.  All temperature balance out to be perfect on all dishes.  Mild enough for you to enjoy every 9 dishes without burning your tongue or some people don't like hot/cold combination. Yes, Kaygetsu or Wakuriya are good, but the price is not worth it considering 100 dollar per 9 dishes per person and you have to wait 10 mins per dish, while Omakase is only 28 dollar and you get 7-10 dishes, at ONE TIME.  yum yum. Overall, i would recommend Omakase, overall!!!
Classic sushi spot.  Private party rooms can accommodate 10-15.  Great for birthdays, groups, and dinners with friends.
A year ago I would have given this place a 4.5.  Service was excellent and the fish were fresh.  Alas, I returned a year later and the service is still excellent but the sushi was average at best.
Overpriced, cold and stodgy, nigiri hit and miss. Haven't tried the hot entrees, but I'm wary of any sushi bar where no one has a smile on there face and there's such an extensive cocktail list. Riding on reputation.
Fuki isn't just great for in-house dining - they are also spectacular for catered events.  My wife and I selected Fuki to cater a 200-person cocktail party and they left our guests delighted with kobe beef, flash fried shrimp, umeshiso beef, kanpachi carpaccio, veggie rolls, and best of all, oyako butter (salmon with salmon roe). From start to finish, Fuki's catering operation was incredibly professional, thorough, and cost-efficient.  The core of Fuki's catering operation is Lumi, Fuki's Director of Special Events and Catering.  Her professionalism and attention to detail are off the charts.  She scheduled multiple separate tasting sessions for me and my wife, each time learning more about our tastes and suggesting better and better items for our party (many of which were not on the menu).  When we arrived for tastings our servers were briefed in advance and knew exactly what to bring.  During our meals she'd sit down to review our selections, allow us to make modifications right in the restaurant, and have new dishes brought out.  It was truly a delight. At our event, Lumi arrived with 2 sushi chefs and oversaw the operation.  She and her team executed flawlessly - the sushi was fresh, delicious, and timing was down perfectly.  Lumi and team kept just the right amount of sushi flowing through the crowd on trays as well as at the serving stations. Two things happened in which Lumi went way above the call of duty.  First, one of our guests was gluten-intolerant, and we had intended to address her needs with a separate order of specially prepared food from another vendor.  That food never arrived, so Lumi prepared a completely custom meal for that guest on her own.  My gluten-intolerant friend was delighted to have her own sushi meal along with the rest of us. The vegan/vegetarian food vendor who flaked out on us created a huge problem - a shortfall of almost 30% of our total food.  I went to Lumi for help.  She instantly increased our sushi order by 50% and had the restaurant prepare everything on an emergency basis.  There was still one problem - how to get the sushi from Palo Alto to our party (about 45 min away).  We tried to arrange for a driver but couldn't on such short notice.  Lumi called her own FAMILY MEMBER to deliver the food. I haven't experienced exceptional service like this in a long, long time. Many thanks to Lumi and Fuki Sushi for delighting our guests and delivering an fantastic evening of sushi.
Average food. Service is hit or miss though.
This place is ridiculously over-rated.  The fish is of acceptable quality, but is nothing better than that.  The rolls are lacking in any kind of creativity and are particularly sub-par. To top it all off, the service is mediocre and the prices are absurd. Just avoid.
Great place since, 1) It has wifi 2) It is silent 3) nice seat next to the windows However, 1) Food is great(Not amazing) 2) Too expensive
To be quite honest, I'm not sure why this place is so popular.  Perhaps it's the ambiance? Or maybe it's one of the nicer sushi restaurants in Palo Alto? Regardless, on food alone I give it a 3. Yes sushi is fresh but the slices are small and they really do charge you an arm and a leg for what they offer.  Plus I tried the Kalbi appetizer and it was WAY too sweet. This is by NO means an authentic Japanese restaurant. When you walk into the restaurant you will NOT see ANY japanese people. This is the first sign of a not so good japanese restaurant. However, if you're out there to impress a client or just want to go somewhere with consistent food - then come here. Otherwise head to Tomisushi for some good authentic Japanese food and sushi.
Food is very good!
So so sushi at a high price. Well I guess that's Palo Alto for you. I got their Chirashi Sushi for lunch and it was crap. It had the worst quality fish for $21. The tuna tasted days old and they gave me a lot of the super cheap fish like surf clam. I'm sorry, but that is just not acceptable. I'm sure if their Chirashi was $40 the sushi might have been ok. If you want to get sushi for lunch, the sushi at Wholefoods is FAR superior and its not nearly as expensive. Imagine that? Whole pay check is cheaper than this place. And even super market sushi beats the crap they serve here.
Went there for the hubby's low-key bday dinner last night. Food was pretty good. We ordered a variety of appetizers and the Tuna Tataki and the Horenso Gomaee (spelling?) were yum. The Sashimi/Tempura platter which was one of the mains, was also good, but sadly small amount of sashimi :-( for $18. Presentation was very simple and nice. -1 star for ambiance: Tables are so close together that we had to resort to speaking German to avoid eavesdropping from the tables on either side of us. But before we could start even talking though, we learned that one neighbor was waiting for a biopsy result for skin cancer, and the other neighbor was suffering from a very mucus-y bronchitis (I learned 3 new words for "gross" in german last night!) -1 star for service We had barely started our appetizers when the mains came. The server made us move our appetizers to plates, and then physically rearranged our entire table twice, putting his hands on our plates, tea cups, sake glasses, everything! to try and make things fit. It was annoying and frankly kind of unsanitary. Get your timing together Fuki-Sushi-san, so your customers can enjoy your food in peace! Net net - good food, but service and ambiance do not reflect the price you have pay.
Some of these reviews are nuts! I have been to many sushi places all over the bay and I LOOOOOVED this place! I ordered the salad which had a great miso sesame dressing to die for, adedashi (fried tofu) also super good, and the dinner combo beef teriyaki and sashimi. The sashimi was fresh and melt in your mouth delicious, the beef was perfectly cooked and sliced thin in the best teriyaki sauce I've ever had. The plain rice was even good! Please give this place a chance it's delicious!
Food was ok, not great. Server took my credit card and came back saying it was declined when he had stupidly charged me not once but 4 times so of course my bank blocked the 5th charge!  They fixed it the next day but nothing changes the embarrassment of my guest having to pick up the check when they came and told us all that my card was declined. Called my bank that night and not surprising my card was just fine. Never ever will I go here again.
Fancy sushi restaurant, with other very good Japanese food as well.  Pricey, but has the quality and ambiance and atmosphere to equal the cost.  Great, great Japanese food.
One of the best sushi places in Palo Alto.  I prefer to sit at the sushi counter as opposed to the restaurant where service can be irritatingly slow.  There is an endless amount of green tea and my favorite selections are the spicy rolls.  Prices are pretty steep, but at least no one is yelling "sake bomb, sake bomb" under disco music.  They also have mochi ice cream for dessert.
I came here today for the very first time with my boyfriend and his family who had been here numerous times already. We had a lunch reservation for 5 and luckily enough the one and only outside table was available for us. Service: Very good in the beginning, a little inattentive towards the end of the meal. Water was constantly refilled and 92-year old grandma was pampered with extra seat cushions and silverware after the waitress noticed that grandma did not break the chop sticks and instead was stirring around with them in her miso soup wondering how to consume it. Food: Excellent. We had several rolls, some sashimi and some vegetable and seafood tempura. The tempura was lightly battered and not greasy dripping with fat like you find it in many other restaurants. Even though I never order California roll in nicer sushi places, we did today and the crab meat was absolutely delicious - tender and fresh. The Spicy Spider roll had super soft crab meat and the spiciness was nicely balanced by the avocado. I particularly enjoyed the spicy atlantic roll, the salmon was very fresh. Unfortunately they were out of the tuna toro so we ordered the recommended hamachi toro instead, which none of us really cared for. All the other sashimi items we had were very good. For desert we had the Kona Coffee Mochi Ice Cream, which tasted great. Grandma was a little confused by the dough and eating it with a little wooden fork and after finishing it asked "What on Earth did I just eat?" Overall a great experience. I would love to come back and try some of their a la carte dishes.
Absolutely gorgeous restaurant with beautiful ambiance, delicious, fresh sushi and great service.  The price, though, makes this a "special occasions" type of place, certain not a place to splurge (in fact, one might want to eat a small meal before arriving here as not to leave hungry).
Simply the freshestecest, bestecest sushi I ever had, topped with excellent service and an ambiance as tasteful as the food.
The food here is good, not great; and, for the same quality I can dine cheaper. Granted, some of that price tag is connected to the atmosphere, which presents itself as refined couture a la Japanese but I still would rather take the small comfy one-room-ish establishments that are all over the South Bay than dine at Fuki-Sushi.
Good quality sushi and sashimi....nice setting for business lunch or just lunch in general. But the lunch crowd during the week tends to be the working folks.
It's not the cheapest sushi place, but you do get what you pay for. The tempura was the best consistency I ever had and the sashimi melts in you mouth. But don't bother ordering the salmon teriyaki or you'll be disappointed. It was dry and chewy.
My coworker took us here and I was pleasantly surprised. The walls are painted a nice purple and the waitresses are wearing Kimonos. We got free bean sprout salad which was oily and delicious. I ordered the bento box with the california roll and the salmon teriyaki. The portions are appropriate and satisfying. My only complaint was the miso soup which tasted powdery and frozen.
Great sushi, but a bit pricey.  The sashimi moriwase has been hit or miss for me.  Sometimes the selection has been great, other times pretty boring.  The nigiri has always been good.  Highly recommended if you don't mind the price.
Some of my girlfriends like to meet up here for dinner. There are some tasty items, like the agedashi tofu and hamachi kama.  But the rest seem to be just ok to me, especially given the price.  The fish does seem fresh but the place is just too pricey.  The service was also a little slow.  If I'm spending money on sushi I would rather go elsewhere.
Expensive, refined, touristy interpretation of Japanese cuisine.
The place is nice but the sushi was just OK and the service was sloppy.  Everyone at the restaurant was having to grab waiters/waitresses as they went by in order to get their attention and it was not extremely busy.  Portions seemed a little small.
This one is simple... best sashimi I've ever had in the Bay Area. This place is infamous for being the first sushi restaurant in the peninsula. They do it well, very well. Having dinner there was a great experience - money well worth it.
Excellent sushi. Outstanding service and ambiance. A must!
This is one of those rare, hard to find fancy shmancy sushi places you take someone you don't know very well, loves Japanese food, and is easily impressed by an open wallet. oh yeah, and by the way, you don't have to let them see the check before you make a big scene out of paying it, they kept track of how much everything costs (its just tacky to let your guest see the check!)
The food at Fuki is very fresh and of good quality.  It is quite expensive though given the amount you get.  Good service even though it is kind of slow...
This place used to be my favorite. The service is really starting to slip and the food is not what it used to be. This makes me sad, since I believed that it had the best shiro maguro on the planet. But now, that even is a little off. What happened??? Not worth the money anymore.
I agree with Reid.. me and my boyfriend tried this place, and  it was not that great... the rolls were super small and there was barley any flavor or  fish in the rolls. every roll had almonds in them for the most part and service was  not good at all.. my boyfriend calls this place "yucky sushi".. don't go here if you want rolls or sashimi... if you want good sushi go to Michi it's in Campbell on Winchester... it's the best sushi you'll ever have..
Great food and service. They have good sushi but don't stop there. The rest of the menu is pretty inventive. Yeah, it's expensive but well worth it if you want something special.
Definitely one of the best sushi places in the bay area. Not only is the food delicious and fresh, the whole atmosphere and ambiance of the place is nice. Great place for business lunches or dinners as well as get togethers with friends. Fuki has a very large menu with a variety of different dishes, all good. The waitresses are very courteous and dress in the japanese kimonos - even the caucasian ones...
This place has great atmosphere, sashimi is so-so but tempura and the soup was great!
Yummy sushi, and it's right down the street from my office. I remember being taken here for lunch several times when I was a summer associate at my firm, which was awesome.
food is awesome!
This is my fave sushi place.  A lot of reviewers talk about the price, but I'm not up for discount sushi.  You get what you pay for.  Super fresh fish, attentive staff, lovely decor.  Listen for the chef's special - its always good and well,... special!  Had lunch there the other day with a friend and had lobster tempura roll - super decadent.  Bill was less than $30 a piece.  The layout is nice, with a few different rooms, each with its own atmosphere.  Service is always excellent and I never feel rushed, even when we lingered awhile after the check.
Not sure why people think this place is that great.  I would give their sashimi and sushi a 3.5, and their agedashi tofu a 2.  It is a nice place, and food is quite fresh, but just not very tasty.  Also very pricey.  Would not recommend this place.  If you want to go to good Japanese food, Hanamaru is a much better place, cheaper but quality food.
I've only come here for lunch when the company is paying. The sushi is good, but you can definitely get the same somewhere else for a lot cheaper. It has a nice atmosphere and is a great place for the business lunches, but I wouldn't be back otherwise.
I find It's always tough to rate Japanese restaurants nowadays, my expectations are quite high as my taste buds evolve and learn what quality really is. If you have clients (not japanese or ones that know what good japanese food is) and using a corporate card, I would suggest this place. They offer a wide variety of the standard fare sashimi and cooked dishes. Their presentation is not bad, both food and decor. One of the highlights is all their waitresses wear cute japanese outfits and they also have private tatami rooms for larger groups. The servers for the tatami rooms usually wear full on kimono outfits! They are attentive and unless it's super packed, they're always trying to keep you happy. So why only 3 stars? Although they are one of Palo Alto's oldest Japanese restaurants, their food just doesn't stack up against the ever growing higher end Japanses restaurants. They charge a lot for what I consider average sashimi. Don't get me wrong, everything is fresh, but for the price you can go to Sakae, Kaygetsu or Kitsho and get higher quality sashimi at the same price or cheaper. Three basic things I like to try in order to establish if they get high quality seafood is Uni, Amaebi and Toro. I've tried all three here and it's average. The uni lacked the fine smooth taste, amaebi was sweet but the texture wasn't as smooth as others I've had, and their toro wasn't a higher grade that I expected for the cost. Overall not bad, but nothing that you'll rave about especially for the price they charge you. Standard sashimi such a Maguro, Hamachi, Hirame, Tai is also average. They also offer the typical fusion style rolls which isn't bad if you are into eating those. I don't usually like to rate the standard cooked stuff such as chicken karage, teriyake chicken and beef, grill fishes... etc since all of it tastes basically the same... nothing special. This place is no different. Stuff like that I can make at home and spending over $15 to eat such entrees is a rip off in my book. At least they didn't overcook the chicken and beef. I did get a small dish which was some type of beef with seaweed wrapped in a roll. It's was interesting but a bit salty even without the ponzu shoyu sauce. Fuki does offer a large list of dessert from mochi ice cream, to various cakes and even fresh fruit. Their sake selection is nothing special but does offer enough choices at various price points. In the end, what you are paying for is a good dine in experience with nicely dressed servers, good food presentation and average food both cooked and sashimi. So if you are forking out the cash from your own wallet for dinner and consider yourself a discerning japanses cuisine eater, I'd suggest other Japanese restaurants to hit up. But if you are a casual eater that doesn't expect or have never tasted better and has the funds, this place might be for you.
Fresh sushi, true.  But it is pricey.  I wasn't too crazy about the non-sushi dishes, such as the chicken katsu or teriyaki items.  The rolls aren't really too memorable.  They do have a regular following, I guess that's always a good sign, to have groupies.
two stars for the decoration. About food.. well, I would personally just burn the money than to eat here.
It's a little pricey, but the food is good and Miyake can be too crazy sometimes.
I like Fuki ... if I don't have to pay :)  When the meal is not on me, this is my #1 choice for Palo Alto restaurants.  The sushi is good.  They have quite a bit of non-sushi dishes (which is cool cause I love trying new things).  I really love the eggplant appetizer dish (Nasu Dengaku).  The place has a cute ambiance too.
Rolls are super small and expensive (esp. for the size), and I wouldn't say the fish is the best quality.  I like the interior ambiance, though, as well as the expansive dining area.  Not a place to return, though.
For the price you pay, the sushi portions and their rolls are way too small.  Even if the price was cheaper, I'd still be mad about the small amount of fish they give you on the rice.  The taste and freshness of the sushi wasn't that great either, average at best.  The place is decorated nicely, but it doesn't mean much if the food isn't good.
No complaints from the staff or patrons regarding my table's loud, explicit conversation = awesome.
ok, i've marked this for review forever... been eating here for over 4 years! let's say that you'll almost never have to wait for a table. they have two large seating areas plus a sushi bar. it's crowded during both lunch and dinner, so make a reservation if you can. this is probably one of the only authentic japanese restaurants around. the watiresses are dressed in REAL KIMONOS, they are mostly all actually japanese (which is rare), and you actually feel like you're in Japan. the decor is authentic japanese shutters/ doors. mostly business folks that dine here. now the most important part. the sushi is awesome. just the right amount of rice/sushi ratio. the fish is always fresh and it is sssoooooo tasty. opt for any of the sashimi rolls. they have a whole section on the menu for a 'spicy' version of anything. don't look like an idiot and order a bento here. lol I've booked a private room for a business dinner and it was perfect. you're in an enclosed japanese style room (take off your shoes and sit on the floor) experience. a little on the pricier side, but worth every penny.
It's the best sushi I've had on the peninsula. It's not cheap, but then what is in Palo Alto? The fish was quality and they don't skimp on it. They have a great cucumber salad, and the lunch specials are pretty great. Of course it's better when someone else is paying. It's def on the rotation.
The food was great and really unique, but still too pricey for my taste. Service was excellent and everyone there was really friendly. All the fish tasted fresh and the plates were of decent-sized portions. I also ordered a Ginger Apple cocktail that was sweet, but with the ginger kick at the end, which I really enjoyed.
bottom line: came here for a graduation dinner and ate sushi almost exclusively.  wasn't terribly impressed, but it was fairly fresh.  a bit pricey for what you get, but the service was impeccable and the atmosphere was probably worth the price.
I enjoyed Fuki Sushi. This is one of the oldest Asian restaurants on the peninsula, and they say the oldest Japanese. It is also one of the priciest. The bill for our party of 2 was $70. We split one beer, one entree, one seaweed salad, 2 nigiri sushi and 2 rolls. The entree was the Snapper Saute (19). The fish was well seasoned and cooked, the veggies creatively combined, but the sauce was really salty. This was my only negative about the food. The rest of the food was delicious, with very fresh fish. The local albacore nigiri (2.25) was fresh and a good starter. The rainbow roll (10.55) and the Ebi Tempura roll (9.80) were both very good. Service was great. It was Halloween, and there was a long stream of gaijin in costume headed for the tatami rooms. They were noisy but unless you visited the rest rooms you would never know they were there. For me this is clearly a special occasion kind of place because of the cost.
This place is pretty price. No fancy 49er roll in this joint. I would reccomend ordering sushi the tempura was well cooked and a decent portion. The chicken terriyaki was not piping hot and was a small portion especially for the price. Home made miso soup is very good. I prolly won't be back since there are better places around with less of an uptight vibe. The service wasn't the worst and far from speedy and the best.
Delicious sashimi, sushi, and udon which is what we had at our first dinner there. Biggest complaint I have is how long it took for our orders to come in. Extremely slow service.
A little too expensive.  Sushi is pretty good, appetizers are very good.  But the small portions are not worth the money.  There are a lot better places where you can get more good quality food for less money.
This place used to be one of the best places near Palo Alto or Mountain View area for sushi, but in recent years, it has not really as good.  The atmosphere and decor is nice and the service is decent.  It's good for business dinner, but for real good sushi, go else where.
SHORT & SWEET: very good sushi, but on the pricey side; sit at expansive sushi bar, avoid sluggish and uninspired table service; choose right side of sushi bar, chef seniority moves from left to right; don't expect to talk sports or anything else for that matter with sushi chefs; don't bother with rolls; tremendous hamachi, torro, very good uni, nice spicy scallop hand roll; get there by 11:30 for lunch.
It's a really nice place, the sushis and other items are really good. My only regret is that it's maybe a little bit price to become one of my regulars.
I do really enjoy my fuki sushi meals, especially when I can expense it. :) Very reliably good sushi, satisfying portions, impeccable service, cozy seating. It is a bit pricey, but if you're not planning on eating piles and piles of raw fish, it's not too bad. They have the traditional clean rolls as well as americanified spicy rolls.  Definitely don't come here and eat terriyaki though. My husband was very disappointed. Come on, this is no fast food Japanese joint?!? I warned him.
I think this place is overrated. I went here with really high expectations because I had heard such good things and I admit the place was really nice, I was impressed, and my expectations for the food grew higher. However, my california rolls were SO small and they put that orange egg stuff on it ( I feel like most sushi places ASK before putting this on your sushi). I felt it was a little overpriced for what I got. I'll have to go back and try something else next time.
Good quality sashimi, excellent sweet eggplant appetizer dish. But there are two things that stand in the way of me rating Fuki higher: 1) I have been here several times, and every time (except one weeknight, really late) I have had to wait forever to be served. I've never had this problem at another sushi place on the Peninsula, even during peak times. 2) Prices! A bit expensive for regular consumption. I find Naomi Sushi and Kan Pai of comparable quality, but more affordably priced. I will say that the ambiance of Fuki surpasses that of many other places, with the option of traditional Japanese seating, and interesting interior design.
I am going to say I am a fan of this restaurant not because of the Sushi. To be honest I really did not have sushi when I ate there. I am a fan because the rest of the Japanese cuisine was amazing and the wait staff was wonderful.  As far as sushi is concerned I did have two pieces of the murguro and it was fresh and very tasty.  My boyfriend and I ordered a few appetizers and a tempura dinner. The appetizers were  amazing especially the thinly sliced rib eye beef cooked on a hot plate at your table. I loved the variety of tempura and the sauces. The waitress timed bringing out the items perfectly. We enjoyed Fuki Sushi very much and we plan on going back for sushi.
Very nice decor and friendly waitress.  I like the freshness of the sushi (definitely high quality!).  I especially like the fatty tuna rolls.  The portion is really small though so one visit this restaurant for dinner when not super hungry.  I would come here again for special occasions for the ambience and great food quality.
