I've been here for lunch twice. First time Burger. Second time Swordfish. The burger and fries was great, extra + for the spicy ranch! Swordfish was a little boring but all right, I would try something else next time. As a place for lunch this is kind of expensive. But if you care more about the food you get than price I would recommend this place for anyone that's around.
Consistent and good food! Not much to say. Tried the salmon w/ a nice cab and it was a great combo! Keep up the good work!!
My favorite place for prime rib.  They do it incredible here.  Everything else is about standard good steakhouse quality. Service has always been from pretty good to great.  One time, I was grabbing drinks at the bar while waiting for our table and the manager came by and comped our drinks cause it took about 10 minutes longer than they said it would.  Pretty cool.
5 stars for the sunset dinner special! A friend of ours recommended this place to celebrate our anniversary.  I chose this place because it not only served steak, but seafood as well (since i'm not a fan of steak, but my bf is).  Our dinners came with a side of soup or salad, main course, and sides of carbs and veggies.  I ordered the jumbo prawns in a white lemon wine sauce and they were delicious!  The prawns were huge and tasted extremely fresh!  I chose the clam chowder for my appetizer and was extremely satisfied.  The broth wasn't too heavy and you can taste the flavors of the clams.  Definitely recommend this place!
Whoops, forgot to yelp! I ate here for dinner a few weeks ago and I highly recommend the Sunset Dinner Special, from 5-6PM (Prix Fixe, starter + entree) for $21.95. It's a *great deal* - a great complete meal for less than the normal price of just one of their steaks! The meat cuts on the "special" menu are a little smaller than their regular menu (but not by much) and they were certainly filling. When we got there (around 5:20) there weren't too many people in yet, and we were seated in the main dining room. Service was quick and professional. In fact, our server went above and beyond - one of the diners didn't really like the side offerings, so he gave her the extra choices from the regular dinners for no extra charge. He was quick, but didn't hover, and always seemed to show up just at the right time when water needed refilling, or to bring extra bread, or ask us if we were ready for the next course or wanted to order anything else. The only "hickup" was when we wanted to pay and leave; the place was jam-packed at that point and it took us about 5 minutes to flag down our waiter. I didn't hold it against him, he was running all over the place. We ate : Appetizer : * Sonoma Salad * Clam Chowder * Cesar salad Main dish : * prime rib * Top Sirloin Steak with Garlic Mashed Potatoes, or Rice Pilaf (and vegetables). Everything was delicious. The clam chowder was exquisite. I was the only one to NOT order prime rib (one of their signature dishes) because I wanted meat with a nice, tasty sear on it. I ordered my sirloin rare, and it came out *perfect*. The other diners *raved* about their prime rib (slow-cooked for hours, supposedly), a perfect pink all the way through. The only "cons" were : - the "vegetables" were probably 1 oz. of fresh-steamed vegetables (very, very small portion : one baby carrot, one or two procolli twigs). They were delicious and perfectly cooked, I just wanted about 5 times more. - although the special menu is a great deal, when you order other stuff, the check quickly goes sky-high. Now, I'm not *complaining* about the price, I'm not an idiot and I know how to read and knew exactly what we were going to pay. I am saying thios as a (somewhat obvious) warning to other diners - the "great deal" isn't so great if you order wine and dessert as well. (Oh, I forgot to mention their *fantastic* wine selection!) The bottle of wine we ordered cost more than 3 of our "special" meals added together, for example. So, instead of paying ~$30 a head (after tax + great tip for the great service) it worked out closer to $75 per person. And you know what - it was worth it. The food we had really was that good. A word about the decor - it's a "classic" restaurant experience; think "what my 65-year-old (grand)parents would like to see when they go out for steak. The furnishings are all in great shape and high quality, but the style is "old person", understated, leather, dark. Maybe I should say "british club"-style. Anyhow, I'll be back!
We gave Sundance a second try this past weekend and all I can say is that we probably will not be coming back. Sundance is a great establishment. A great steakhouse. However, they can not get their meats right. The first time we ordered the award winning prime rib (I thinks not). We typically go to HOPR once a month because we LOVE prime rib. However, when we tried Sundance's version, we were disappointed. It was overcooked. We ordered medium rare and it came out tough medium. Medium rare meats should be tender, soft and rare. However, we received tough medium cooked. My bf wanted to give it another chance. Sundance is in PA and he figured maybe their other cuts of meat were better. Second time around, we chose the filet. We both chose medium rare. Can someone tell me why my bf got a diff piece of meat than I did? His cut was medium rare, soft, moist, tender. My cut was cut all the way through, tough, overdone. WTH!?!? We were spying on the couple seated next to us. A guest had to send her prime rib back because it was overcooked. She made a comment about how expensive it was and that for how much it is, you should get the right cut of meat. I enjoyed the sides (baked potato and veggies). I enjoyed the bartender and how great he was. That's pretty much it. Probably will not come back. Will go to Flemings on Sundays for their prime rib. Wayyyyy better.
Great prime rib anytime!  And a great price!  Great options for fancy surf and turf, although I'm all about the red meat. Reservations are a must since this is a popular steakhouse and many business folks in the area come here often since it's so reliably awesome. The atmosphere is a little loud, a little dark, and can be a little daunting, but I think it sets the mood appropriately for gorging yourself on meat and buttery sides.  Freshly baked bread always to start, always tasty with just a dab of butter or the olive oil/balsamic vinegar combo.  I like that they provide both options. If you love prime rib, get the prime rib.  Medium-rare or rare.  The au jus is delicious and not too salty.  I enjoy the option of freshly ground pepper on top of my steak.  The wine selection here is vast so there's no reason to skip out on a nice red to go with your steak.  It really enhances the flavor! Desserts here are quite rich, but sometimes they have some tasty specials you can't pass up.  This last time I shared a delicious slice of freshly made blackberry pie with Ingrid C.  I love pie!  And especially after an indulgent meal! Only negative note for me is that I hate the parking situation here.  The lot is tiny, oddly organized and always packed, and I always end up having to park on busy El Camino... Hmm... Small annoyance that is only a brief blip on the radar.
Great classic steakhouse especially for a guy's night out. If you can make it for the Prix Fixe Sunset dinner, then it's such a great deal.
While not quite House of Prime Rib (which makes sense, since that one is a house of prime rib while this one is technically a steakhouse), the food was excellent, the service fantastic. Went with my coworkers as a celebration/good-bye party. We had first seating at 5pm (the kitchen doesn't open until 5, so if you're there early or for drinks prior to 5, it's, well, drinks only). Yes, one person ordered the salmon (and she said it was very good). The rest of us ordered crab cakes to start (moist, just crispy enough); calamari, oysters ... and then ordered prime rib. Mine was a bit well done for medium well, but good nevertheless. I would've kept eating beyond the point of satiation, but I wasn't wearing my fat pants and needed to save room for dessert. And ... heh, heh ... while one person had pre-scoped the menu and was dead set on the creme brulee (always a hit), I spotted their signature dessert - some coffee icecream set on an Oreo crust with hot fudge, nuts, and a million other calories. So guess who kept fiending off my dessert? I literally had to beat her off with my spoon. Heathens and gluttons, we are. it's a great place to practice both.
This place has amazing prime rib!  I'm not even a huge meat eater but loved it!  It was recommended to us by a local and we tried it out.  My husband had the prime rib and I had the garlic butter seafood combo plate thingy (forgot the actual name).  My dish was a bit too buttery though so it left my throat and mouth feeling a bit oily.  I had a few bites of my hubby's prime rib and it totally made up for it.  The service was amazing when we sat in the dining area. The second time we sat in the bar and the service was completely different (and not in a good way).  We had to wait a long time to be waited on and for our orders to be taken and yet the ppl around us who seemed to "know" the manager were being treated like royalty.  The manager couldn't even spare us a "how's everything going tonight folks" and continuously walked right past us to chat it up with the obnoxious table next to us and other "regulars". Anyway, their panko calamari is amazing and the fudge that comes with the dessert is to DIE FOR!  The first time we had this fudge, our server just brought it to us to try it alongside our creme brulee and we were pretty much drooling.  The second time we ordered the mud pie and it came with it but we loved it so much we asked for another side of it!  It is so creamy and good!  A must try!
Came here with the family for my dad's birthday. This place has everything, good food, good service, & good ambiance. We got the oysters, which were fresh & well prepped. We also got a combination appetizer which doesn't seem to be on the menu online. Maybe it was a special or something... I got the 10oz Standard cut with rice pilaf. It was...the best prime rib I've had yet. It was so juicy/tender/&cooked to perfection. Their rice pilaf is also delicious. It's really simple yet buttery & delicious...almost addicting... Highly recommend this place! Make sure you don't come in sweats though ;)
I came on a Friday night, very busy and wait time was about 1 hr for a table for 2. Thank goodness we made reservations! The food was excellent! I had the chicken marsala and a glass of Pinot Noir. The price is a lot less than I expected. our bill was about $90 for two drinks and entree's including tip. Will defiantly be coming back! Thank you Chef Chuy for recommending us to this location :)
This is an old-fashioned steakhouse.  Decor looks like the whole thing is made of meat and cigars and red wine - in a good way.  I had the slow roasted prime rib steak, which was very traditional and nothing mind-blowing, but very good quality.
I absolutely love the prime rib here and the sides are great too! minus one star for the servers sometimes though.They try to push more expensive wines, appetizers and desserts and its annoying. The disappointed salesman face is also irritating.
We took the MIL and GIL here for an early Mother's Day dinner. Apparently, a lot of other people had the same idea, as it was packed. Very happy we had reservations. Even though our order wasn't taken until after 6, we were still able to order off the sunset menu, (probably because our waiter was SLOW.) The sunset menu is a fantastic deal. I was pleasantly surprised that my salmon was cooked perfectly, (when i order salmon anywhere, it's usually overcooked.) I wouldn't go out of my way to come back,since I'm not a huge fan of these kind of places, but if someone wanted to return, I'd happily oblige. Especially if we could get the sunset menu deal:)
I had my BF's b-day party here this weekend, and was very pleased with the experience. I made... Read more 
We came here for my Dad's birthday.  We made a reservation in advance and was promptly seated after arriving.  Everyone in our party ordered the prime rib.  It's reasonably price and the portions are big enough to save for lunch the next day.  My prime rib was tender but I think HOPR is better. What Sundance excels at is service.  After they had found out we were celebrating a special occasion, my Dad was serenaded to by the server and given a complimentary dessert.  The serenade was actually pretty good, not like your usual Birthday song.  Every little detail the staff was attentive to; from boxing our meals, including extra au jus, cleaning the tables, and requesting hot water.   Would be happy to come back here.
The steak is good. I had the sirloin (crisp outside, perfectly medium on the inside). The french fries were great. Nothing AMAZING but a solid lunch. The total bill for the three of us (we each got the sirloin) and sodas was about $90. At $30/person, this is what I expected for lunch. The meat quality could have been better but these were Outback Steakhouse prices. I'm definitely willing to try this place again but a sirloin at lunch isn't anything to get excited over.
Not bad food but overpriced for what it offers. We'd be fine with paying that much for great steak, but this is just OK.
This is now definitely "Our Place" to go when we are on the peninsula! I was introduced to this place by my Step Dad when I was a kid. Years later my boyfriend and I went here Valentine's night 2010 (the day after we found out we had a little one on the way). 1 year later we came back and he asked me to marry him here.  : )) We even had the chef at our hotel recreate filet minion spring rolls for one of our appetizers at the wedding! Love you Sundance!!!
I love this place! It's not an overly expensive steakhouse but the food is as good as one! You have... Read more 
The food was really good and worth the price. Our waiter was a little rude to my friend, but he apologized later on in the night.
Came here with my family for my sister's graduation celebration.  This place is delicious!  Had the teriaki steak medium rare and it was awesome.  There are plenty of fish options, too, for those who don't eat red meat. The service is very nice, and so is the atmosphere.  They give you warm bread before you even order anything.  The waitress found out it my sister just graduated from Stanford and brought her out a big piece of ice cream cake with enough utensils for all of us.
One of the best prime ribs tasted. Up there with House of prime rib in SF.
Sundance is great for happy hour, business lunches/dinners, as well as celebrating an anniversary or a birthday. Or you can just come here when you want a good steak for no reason! We opted for happy hour followed by the sunset dinner for my boyfriend's birthday last week. A chilled vodka martini and some bar nuts held us over until the kitchen opened at 5pm. For apps we ordered the chilled prawn cocktail, which is always guaranteed to please, as well as the filet mignon spring rolls. The prawns are gigantic and juicy and although I am generally not a fan of cocktail sauce, I do like the one served here. The spring rolls were solid and did the trick of holding our hunger at bay. We swished those appetizers down with some refreshing, amazing Moscow Mules - I loved that they were served in copper mugs! For those of you not aware of the Sunset Dinner at Sundance: from 5-6pm everyday of the week you can get a soup or salad and one of eight entrees served with warm sourdough bread, veggies and another side of your choice for just $22. This is a steal and great when you are wanting an early dinner with a wow factor. The bottle of wine we brought had already been opened and was breathing on the table reserved for us in the dining room. We moved over from the bar and opted for some seared ahi tuna sashimi. The portion was extremely generous and the fish was great in both texture and flavor. To start off our Sunset Dinner we both ordered the soup of the day - prime rib barley and vegetable soup. It did not disappoint with its chunks of tender meat and hearty broth. I wouldn't mind at all seeing this as a regular soup on the menu. Our choice for the main entree was the same - USDA Prime Top Sirloin Steak. I ordered mine with the creamed spinach, which is heaven here! The steaks were perfectly cooked and certainly one of the best I have had in the Bay Area steakhouses. The server that had sung to us for our anniversary dinner recognized us and came over to say hello, only to come back shortly after and sing Happy Birthday for my boyfriend. Our main server was very attentive throughout the meal and an absolute sweetheart. He brought out their famous Mud Pie for dessert - coffee ice cream with an Oreo cookie crust topped with fudge, whipped cream, and chopped peanuts. If you have space left in your belly after dinner here, you have to get this! Another great experience here made it a very memorable special day.
One of our friend lives in South SF and we compromised to meet up for dinner half-way in Palo Alto one Friday night because he didn't want to drive all the way down to where we were. We decided on Sundance after our friend randomly suggested "prime rib". I've never been a red meat fan (for health reasons mostly), so I was whatever about dinner except my boyfriend kept raving about how well-known this place was for prime ribs. This kind of made me curious as to just how good can their prime ribs be. We made a very last-minute reservation on OpenTable, and, surprisingly, there was a table open! The location of the restaurant is not the most convenient - it's located on one of the main streets in Palo Alto, and their parking lot was extremely small for the amount of business they cater to...so if you're unlucky, you probably will end up having to find street parking! (we were lucky enough to grab the very last spot in front of the dumpsters in the lot...) Our server for the night was mediocre...I couldn't really blame him since it looked like he had a lot of tables to serve. It wasn't too bad since we were also right next to the water station so we were never low on water, ha ha. They served amazingly delicious sourdough bread with olive oil/vinegar - the bread was good enough to enjoy on its own as well...2 thumbs up from me! (I'm VERY picky about bread at restaurants, if you don't know me already) We ordered the half-dozen oysters - took us awhile to decide on an appetizer because they all sounded really good! The oysters were VERY fresh - probably one of the best/most fresh oysters I've ever had at a restaurant...I think that's pretty impressive for a restaurant not next to open water! All 3 of us ordered prime rib, of course, and I got mine medium rare with to-die-for fries! (my boyfriend got garlic mashed potatoes, which were super yummy as well!) There are NO WORDS to possibly describe how mouth-watering and tender the prime rib was - it literally melted in my mouth whenever I took a bite! (and no, it's not all because of the fat because I made sure I cut off as much of the visible fat as I could before I started eating) I did wish there was more vegetables on my plate, though...that's probably my only complaint about my plate, ha ha. Hands down, this is the BEST prime rib I've EVER eaten in my life so far (granted, I haven't tried prime rib at many places because I just was never a fan)...this is probably the ONLY reason why I didn't give this place 5 stars. I'm curious as to how this place measures up to some of the other steakhouses that I really love, so I'm saving the 5 stars for when that happens!
Stopped by this place while in Palo Alto with a Co-Worker. Excellent customer service and the food was outstanding, I will be returning when I am back in-town. I had their felt mignon and it was perfectly cooked.
So this is my take on my first visit to Sundance The Steakhouse. Keep in mind I've been to House of Prime Rib and Ruth's Chris so my review will undoubtedly be compared to my experiences there. Overall impressions: The ambiance is pretty intimate and perfect for dinner dates. The rooms are dimly lit and service is impeccable. We got to the restaurant 20 minutes before our reservation and was shown the bar area where we sat, ordered a drink, and waited for our table. The bar area had a lot of sports memorabilia on the walls. Once we were seated at our table, our waiter checked on us every 15-20 minutes and made sure things were ok. The place is partitioned off into separate areas to maintain the intimacy level. The food was enjoyable but not amazing. Food: We ordered the oysters on the half shell, clam chowder, and potato skins for our appetizers. My boyfriend was hungry and wanted to try the potato skins haha. The oysters were a bit on the small side so I was a bit disappointed with that. The clam chowder was really good however and I savored every spoonful. The potato skins had cheese and bacon coated on top. I'm not a big fan of fatty dishes like these so I decided to save my stomach, try half of one skin, and wait for our entrees. It's not exceptional but I can see someone who loves cheese and bacon loving these. I ordered the petite cut of the prime rib with the baked potato as a side. My boyfriend also ordered the same petite cut but with mashed potatoes. Both come with a good amount of veggies. The prime rib is good but doesn't beat what I had at The House of Prime Rib. It's not as juicy and tender as HOPM's, which makes me long to go there again more than anything else. But still I enjoyed and finished the entire cut without feeling stuffed. The baked potato was good but also not as good as HOPM's. Overall, I would go here again if I was in the neighborhood and wanted prime rib and didn't mind splurging for dinner. A good dinner place, but not a go-to steakhouse for me.
I've been to a number of steakhouses for business and pleasure over the past few years and this was definitely one of my favorites.  Most noteworthy is the Sunset Dinner Special (which is basically the early bird special daily between 5-6pm) where you get a choice of soup or salad, entree and 2 sides for $21.95.  This deal is 100% worth it!  Sundance gets 4 overall stars this time around because of the poor service. Food:  5 stars for food.  This time we came here for the Sunset Dinner Special and I had 1) Clam Chowder - very good taste; not the best I've ever had but I liked it because it wasn't too heavy 2) Teriyaki Filet Mignon Skewer (with Creamed Spinach and Fries) - got it medium (they recommend getting it at least medium so the teriyaki caramelizes a bit) and it was super tender, juicy, and delicious.  The spinach has a great taste (add a little freshly ground pepper) and the fries were perfect. Service:  The service was generally poor.  I think perhaps the service is a bit sluggish at 5pm because that's when they open for dinner but that's not really an excuse.  It took us 30 min after our dinner to get our check and I had the waiter take off an erroneous charge on the bill which was annoying. Value:  Outstanding.  Try to find a better deal in Palo Alto for $21.95. Atmosphere:  Your typical dark, wood-panelled steakhouse.  This is normally not the type of restaurant atmosphere I prefer but when you're doing steak, you have to do it right.. and this is the right way. CONCLUSION:  Don't waste your time on Morton's or other chains because the food at Sundance is way better and a better value.  The Sunset Dinner Special is an impossible deal to beat.  Go here for the steak at any time of day!
Find someone who owns a Mini to take you here because the parking spots are narrow as hell.  If you dont know anyone with a Mini, rent a moped to come here.  Dont say I didn't warn you. Meat.  It's what America's having for dinner.  Not a huge fan of prime rib, I decided to live life on the edge so I decided to veer from the ordinary and get a 12oz cut tonight.  I asked for an end cut because that's where all the seasonings usually are and I'm not a big fan of the bloody middle.  Well i had absolutely nothing to worry about because not only was it bone dry, but lacked the seasonings I've been yearning for. I tried flagging our waiter down to ask him if he knew the Heimlich manuever because I was about to gag on this dysphagic piece of meat.  He was no where to be found.  I not only needed a refill on my water, but a refill on my Au Jus.  This cotton ball meat was THAT dry!  On top of that, the waiter left me with a smooth-edged butter knife to painfully separate this meat piece by piece.  Give me a mofo knife that has some serrations! When the waiter finally saw me flailing my hands like i was trying to land a plane, he came by to apologize about the knife and asked if he wanted to swap out my meat.  I'm not the type that tries to get over and take advantage of any establishment.  For example, if i found a hair in my food, I'd probably just pull it out and continue eating instead of asking for my meal to be comped.  I told him it's fine.  I just want a refill on water and some Au Jus to rehydrate my dead cow. He accomodated all my wishes and as I continued to choke on my cardboard cube, he came back and brought me a nice new slab of meat!  Not only was this a beautiful cut, but it was a JUICY cut!  As he dropped it off, the nice gentleman told me he wouldn't be able to sleep if he didn't take care of me.  I was elated by his kind gesture as I was planned on just dealting with what I was served.  The nice slab was just too much for me to eat so i took pretty much the rest of that steak home for lunch the next day.  He made my 2 star dinner a 4 star experience.  The steamed vegetables that accompanied the dinner was still soggy as hell, but the garlic mashed potatoes and delicious warm bread was so good! Sometimes the service is almost as important as the quality of the food.  The waiter tonight made that difference and because of that, he earned a 20+% tip and a 4 star review from me.
For those of you whom do not indulge in their famous house specialties such as Prime Rib and Burgers, Sundance GRACIOUSLY accommodates all special dietary requests and has the most delicious mashed potatoes and sourdough bread accompaniments to your meal.  You can trust that your veggies will be prepared safely, if you know what I mean. Delicious salads accompany friendly, professional and quality service.  The fish is always fresh and everyone loves the Shrimp Louie.  In fact, the swordfish is grilled to PERFECTION, or you can order it blackened, but grilled is clean and moist while enhancing the flavor, again, the fish is prepared separately for those concerned of "meat" contamination. This is a great place for lunch, has a mellow, low key atmosphere for business lunches, and is hoppin' at night...so make reservations!! Remember to visit Danny in the sports bar for drinks and dessert, or you can take your meals in this comfortable space with fun sports memorabilia. Try the some of the new items on the menu, the Sonoma Chicken Sandwich or the Strawberry Arugula Salad.  If you don't have time to stay in-house, Sundance prepares meals to-go attractively.  Wi-Fi available to guests. Oh yeah, the MUDD PIE is to die for, enough to share : ) What the heck...just go for the Mudd Pie !!!
Prime rib was fantastic. I had the house cut and it was very tender and juicy. Possibly the best prime rib I've had in a long time. Ahi tuna appetizer was decent but nothing special. Definitely will go back for the prime rib only! Service was great also.
***Five Star for Prime Rib rating only*** This places makes probably the best Prime Rib in San Francisco and the Peninsula. I know, I know... there's bound to be people who if they read this review and go, will say I overhyped it... but I really enjoy the meat quality and flavor. The restaurant has earned my business a grand total of 4 times now during the past few months. Each time I had to get their prime rib, they've cooked it medium rare each time for me although I think their portion size has not been super consistent. I can overlook that a little since the texture of the meat is heavenly. Some places the center gets a bit tough but not here, I can just lay my head on the slab of this meat and fall asleep. Pricing is typical for steakhouse so I wouldn't say it's cheap, but you are getting a quality piece of meat. The Petite Cut, 8 oz. $25.95 The Standard Cut, 10 oz.  $27.95 The House Cut, 12 oz.  $29.95 The Shareholder's Cut, 14 oz. $32.95 Among other things I've tried is their clam chowder which is good. A bit rich and had a good amount of clams inside. This goes excellent with their complementary warm sourdough bread. Seared Ahi Tuna Sashimi Appetizer - $14.95 - The first time I had this it was really good where the tuna literally melted in your mouth, but a second time didn't yield the same experience. It was good and fresh, just didn't seem as buttery. They slice it very thin and serve it with wasabi, which had a decent kick to clear your nose if you're congested. Iced Pacific Oysters Appetizer - $14.95 - Excellent and fresh. That's all I really have to say. I wish I could tell how many come in 1 order, but it was my birthday when we had this and I got hooked up. Sauteed Sea Scallops Appetizer - $14.50 - A nice to try starter, but you won't be missing anything if you decided to forgo this. The scallops are fresh and have good texture, but it wasn't seasoned well in my opinion, a bit bland. Bone in Rib Eye - Market price, I paid $35 one time - Solid... what you would expect when you get a premium steak. It was not lined with excessive fat, but you should expect some when ordering this. Again, not tough and very easy to chew. Flavor is not as intense as say Town Hall, but the meat quality is clearly superior. Prime Center-Cut Filet Mignon - This is one thing I'm not a fan of... then again, I rarely if ever am impressed with any steak house cooking a Filet. It always seems to be overcooked in someway even though the center looks like medium rare. I don't want to brag, but I make a far better filet just buying it from Costco, marinating, pan frying and basting it at home. Unless you really like filets and can't make it yourself at home, just pass on this. Grilled Fresh Salmon - $26.95 - They say it's flame grilled & basted with lemon butter. I definitely taste the grill, but the basting could be done better. The lemon butter just didn't seem to infuse into the salmon. It's generally my policy not to order a seafood main dish at a steakhouse, but I had relatives who didn't want to eat red meat so they ordered this. Again, passing on this will not yield any future regrets. Virtually all their main dishes are served with steamed seasonal vegetables & your choice of Idaho baked potato, Sundance roasted garlic mashed potatoes, thick-sliced tomatoes, creamed spinach or wild rice pilaf. They are all good, but far from the best sides I've had. If I had to pick one that impressed me, it would be the creamed spinach.
Amazingly DELISH! One of the best Rib Eye steaks I have ever had and probably the biggest.  Ordered Malbec to go with it and it was superb!!!  My dish came with slices of tomatoes which were well seasoned ( just a TAD of salt and pepper) and steamed broccoli and carrots that were perfectly crisp and just cooked to perfection. I also had a bite of their famous Prime Rib and that was slowly roasted and age to perfection. The overall service, ambiance was perfect. I was really amazed how our bus boy cleared the table , ALL IN ONE HAND! Pretty Impressive.! You have to have a certain skill to clear out all 4 big plates, side plates and utensils.. I bet that was his audition to work for this place! Sundance ,  you and I will definitely see each other AGAIN!
I love this Restaurant but only visit for special occasions.  On Mother's Day the whole family ~ those that live close by of course ~ will be celebrating here for dinner. I am so excited I can hardly wait!  They have some of the best tasting food around!  When I was younger my family had a house on the beach, so I spent my summers eating seafood and still can never get enough!  I absolutely love shrimp and crab cakes so that will be one of my dishes and of course the incredible salads they make! I already called and made reservations so I will update this review in a few weeks! --------------------------------------------Update-------------------------------------------------- The whole family had a great time on Mother's Day!  Thanks to the nice employees we were able to push back our reservation by an hour.  We were stuck in traffic because of an accident, but thank goodness no one was hurt too bad. Of course the shrimp was the best I ever had!  I sometimes like to get appetizers as my main meal but I had the shrimp cocktail, sword fish, and had one of my sisters crab cakes.  The fish was cooked perfectly and tasted like a million bucks! My brother usually gets a steak but decided on the lobster tail and of course I had to try it!  Wow it was so good I almost wished I would have ordered that instead!  Another fine dish! Most of the kids had the sandwiches/wedges which I thought were pretty good.  No, I didn't taste any at the restaurant; after my meal and helping my brother eat his I was stuffed!  The kids didn't eat all of the food so we took it home and I had it later that evening. If anyone is looking for a restaurant that makes a great soup then you need to go here!  I have never had a soup that tasted as good as theirs! I thought I made some pretty good home made soups in my day, but mine never tasted this good! I didn't have room for desert but everyone raved about how good the cheesecake and ice-cream was.  It was too bad because I love to cheesecake here.  I shouldn't have ate so many shrimp or maybe I would have had more room! I really wanted to take the chef home with me. : )  I highly recommend, they have delicious food!   I made a reservation for father's day, so maybe I will see you there!
My god this place is awesome!!!!!!!!!!  One of the fewtimes everything I ate was on point, the appetizers were some of the best I've ever had.....I feel bad because I can't remember the name of the woman that helped us, but she was very friendly and had great customer service. Will be going back soon
Honestly, the food here deserves 4 stars.... but due to the fact that we had a reservation for 815pm and didn't get seated until close to 9pm was a bit unacceptable to me.  My man and I actually came a half an hour early and just decided to grab a seat and a martini(in our case two) while waiting for our table.  I'm not sure if the hostess just forgot about us or they were truly THAT busy, but what is the point of making a reservation when I can do a walk-in and have the same wait time? -lobster bisque is ok -crab cakes are awesome! -filet mignon was cooked and seasoned perfectly...I didn't even need to use the sauce---the mashed potatoes that came with this dish was amazing! -prime rib, tender and tasty! Even though the food was above average, I don't think I'd come back here unless I was in the area and felt like waiting over a half an hour for my reserved table.
So delicious. I could swim in their clam chower. The sirloin is always perfectly cooked and the garlic mashed potatoes are amazing. I try to get my grandma to take me here at least once a month. She never argues ;)
If you can believe it, come June, I'll have completed my ninth year as a member of the community at Stanford University. As such, I've driven past Sundance the Steakhouse probably literally thousands of times over the years. If you can believe it, though, prior to tonight, I had never once entered the establishment. I simply didn't know what I was missing. But now I do. When you walk into the steakhouse, you're greeted by very friendly hosts in a very dark establishment. Everything about it feels masculine, with sports (especially baseball) memorabilia hanging from the walls. Autographed baseballs, helmets, and bats, complete with certificates of authenticity, decorate the walls, hallmarking the achievement of legendary hall of fame players such as Nolan Ryan, Orlando Cepeda, or Gaylord Perry. Baseball dominates the front of the restaurant, a small middle section is covered in football memorabilia, and the back of the restaurant is covered in decor themed around horseback riding. The entire restaurant has an air of country club class to it. I chose to sit at the bar in the front of the restaurant, surrounded by baseball memorabilia, where I was served by one of the bartenders, Alfredo. He was very upbeat and friendly, exclaiming about how good various items were on the menu, amidst idle chitchat about the weather. He certainly represented the restaurant well, and was both pleasant to me as well as eager to share with me what makes the Sundance menu so great. I didn't realize there were "Sunset Specials" (from 5 to 6 PM), but fortunately, I was able to take advantage of one of them! All of the Sunset Specials are priced at $21.95 and include both salad and entree, perhaps saving $10-$15 over what you would spend if you purchased the items separately during the rest of the dinner hours. Before my salad came the bread, which was a sourdough. Nothing to complain about there! For my salad, I opted for the tossed Sonoma, which was a baby lettuce salad lightly tossed in a balsamic vinaigrette. Then, it was topped with crumbled feta cheese and pine nuts. The flavors really came together very well, and I loved the sharpness of the goat cheese throughout it. The slight hints of the balsamic were also excellent, and the crunchiness of the pine nuts made the salad quite enjoyable. The portion was quite large, but I thoroughly enjoyed every bite of it. For my entree, I got their award-winning slow-roasted prime rib, which was slow roasted for eight hours, and served with a side of au jus and horseradish. My God. The flavor of the prime rib was just amazing, and cooked perfectly medium rare. I especially loved it with the au jus, which made the taste exceptional. I wasn't as crazy about the horseradish, though, which was a bit strong for my taste. It was a good portioned cut of meat, and made for a very good, albeit filling, meal. The entree also came with steamed broccoli and sliced carrots as well as a choice of baked potato, mashed potatoes, creamed spinach, or rice pilaf; I opted for the baked potato. The steamed vegetables were very good. I had freshly-grated pepper on top of the entire dish, and it really added a nice flavor both to the prime rib as well as the vegetables. The baked potato also wasn't bad! One thing is for certain: after a good-sized salad, a healthy portioned cut of meat, some steamed vegetables, and a baked potato, I certainly wasn't going to leave this restaurant hungry! Overall, Sundance the Steakhouse proved to be a wonderful dining experience. And now that I know what I've been missing as I driven past Sundance those thousands of times, I'll make sure to take advantage of it on the ride to or from work in the future!
Came here early on a Sunday evening, and all the dining room tables were booked!  Wonder if it was because there were a bunch of Stanford commencements that day.  However, the waitress was able to seat us in the bar/lounge area,which suited me perfectly, as there were TV screens on all walls showing the NBA finals and the US Open (being played at the SF's Olympic Club). The waiter came to our table with menus and some warm, moist bread.  Appetizers came out just minutes after we ordered.  I tried the tempura gulf prawns, which they placed on a bed of green salad, I suspect to match with my companion's salad - how thoughtful.  The prawns came with a cocktail dipping sauce.  The tempura breading was light, and the shrimp was full-flavored and tender - delicious.  But, I really had a craving for shrimp.  I always do. Just when that course was finished, the main entrees arrived.  My companion's petite cut prime rib turned out to be anything but!  At medium-rare, it was a consistent pink all the way through, with pockets of fat distributed throughout.  Quite possibly some of the tastiest prime rib I've tasted.  The filet mignon (medium) for me was tender and quite juicy, and came with a dark bordelaise sauce on the side.  Being not familiar with it, at first I thought it was just some kind of teriyaki soy sauce that was to be used sparingly, but no, it had different characteristics... flavors were very subtle, much like wine is - that's the best I can describe it, as, really, my palate is still trying to analyze it, many days after the fact.  As I worked my way through the filet, I was using more and more of the bordelaise.   Wonder if I was doing it right; but it tasted fascinating.  My steak came with wild rice and broccoli, but I just found them acceptable.  Dessert was offered but declined - just too full.   All in all, a good meal worth repeating.
My wife booked us a reservation for last Saturday June 14, 2012. I had never been here but, my Wife has taken clients and thought I would enjoy it? Well I did enjoy it, we had an exceptional dinner. My wife ate off the appetizer menu and I had the 12 oz prime rib which was amazing. The best part for me was our server, Lindsey. Lindsey you are amazing and that is the way service should be, outstanding!!!!! You just became my new favorite place for prime rib, we will definately be back and asking for Lindsey when we make our reservations!!!! Thank you for an outstanding evening, we loved it!
I was introduced to this Palo Alto institution by one of my closest buddies as him and his wife are regulars here and usually receive the royal treatment whenever they visit. Finding the restaurant is fairly straightforward as its located off the main strip of El Camino Real across from Stanford University.  Parking in the lot behind the restaurant can be a tight fit, finding a spot on the street is your best bet. Approaching the restaurant, you get a sense of how long its been around (established in '74).  The ambiance is intentionally very dark and clubby, with sports memorabilia lining the walls with dark wood and plush leather booths. Every time we come here, we usually get a table near the entrance at the bar.  The setting provides an open atmosphere perfect for catching up with a group of friends or family.  The wine list is quite extensive but as is customary with my friends, we usually bring our own bottles of wine (corkage is waived if I'm with my friends that are regulars). As a steak lover, I always look forward to dining on whatever Executive Chef Alfredo Flores has to offer on his menu; typically the order is either the filet mignon or prime rib., either way its hard to miss. From the starter list, the dungeness crab cakes and panko crusted calamari are always a huge hit and a great way to start my steak dinner.  However, its really hard not to peak too early in the night before your main entree has arrived so be sure to pace yourself.  That goes for the wine as well. Some nice wine pairings that we've tried with their steaks came from Tobin James (their winery and vineyard is located in Paso Robles) or the zinfandels from Ridge.  Again, these are bottles that we brought on our own accord. If by some remarkable chance you're able to same room for dessert (kudos to you), the Sundance mud pie or New York cheesecake were some of my favorites.  Indeed, most of the items you find on the menu are extremely rich and heavy. As far as steakhouses in the Bay Area go, I wouldn't hesitate to recommend Sundance to any of my friends craving for a hearty meal accompanied with great service.
Sundance is a great choice for business lunch, a first date or a celebration. Ask for a booth and you'll have some privacy. Ask for a table and spread out. They obviously specialize in steak and prime rib, but they have daily specials that include italian and seafood dishes. I'm rarely disappointed. My favorites and the NY strip steak. Get it medium and prepare to take some home with you. The sides are generally very good. I like the fries, slaw and salads. The garlic mashed are only so so if you ask me. For lunch I go a little lighter and enjoy the french dip. It's tender, lean prime rib on a soft french roll. I also really enjoy the prime rib egg roll appetizer...yum. They have a nice wine and beer selection and the service is generally excellent. Parking can be a pain when it's busy. You might want to park around the corner on a side street since the lot is pretty small.
Maybe I hit it on an off day but I think its just like going to Carrows. Ambiance may be nice but the amount that I pay for my meat and the service doesn't add up. My server was not white table cloth quality and if I'm paying that much for my slab of meat, I better get my water filled, my table cleared efficiently, and get some attention. The food was not memorable. My prime rib was small in size, not juicy,and tender. I was sad that our momentous occasion fell flat with the choice in restaurant. I did however make up this time around with reservations to house of prime rib. Hoping I can redeem myself.. I wanted to like this place but for what I experienced its left me very disappointed.
This place has really nice ambience.  I'm a big fan of prime rib medium rare and it was delicious! My date got the western Australian 10oz lobster to make her special as a woman and I tried a piece and it was really good! Service was decent.
Couldn't get a reservation at Town - my go-to for prime rib - so decided to try Sundance.  Frankly, a little underwhelmed. The prime rib is fine.  The problem is the place is still too old-school.  The carrots and broccoli on every plate, the small metal ramekins for all sauces, the same-size baked potatoes, the thousands of wine bottle decorations (which, btw, is wine they don't sell) - it's all too 1980's steakhouse for me.  Sort of felt like a fancy Sizzler by the time the night was over. The Wedge salad - great.  The fish - perfectly cooked with a ramekin of butter & dried-tomato sauce - the dessert was yummy.  The waiter was efficient but not overly pleasant.  The $30 prime rib was not huge.  It was also underdone for Medium. All in all, somehow formulaic and lacking creativity.  A solid old-fashioned steak house - with very high steak prices - in Palo Alto.  I recommend with reservations.
I've only been here for lunch, and it's when I first started working in Palo Alto, and saw that something nearby worked with my Passport card (really try to take advantage of this puppy!). Located on El Camino, the parking lot is unbeliveably small. But the restaurant is as well. It has that rustic feel, but very very dark inside. I decided to try their famous Sundance Cheeseburger. I obviously chose french fries as my side. Although our server was great and attentive, the burger was just okay? Again, I feel guilty to review without trying their steak, but for lunch, I was meh on this place. For a $13 burger, it's gotta be damn good! But alas, it was not. My friend got the french dip and just thought it was so-so as well. BummeR! May have to scope out this place for dinner one day, or try their salads for lunch, as they sound pretty good too. I know, salad at a steakhouse! Perks is they take http://opentable.com reservations and passport unlimited cards!
3.5 star Reading the reviews, we opted to give this place a try.  Parking tight but you can park in the street.  Open table reservation was made, seated right away.    Ambiance set for a romantic dinner. Menu for two = Appetizer  -  filet mignon spring rolls, nice refreshing taste I ordered their combination, prime rib and jumbo gulf prawns.    What was interesting about the sides was instead of ordering the regulars. I got the tomato which was cut into thick slices.   Prime rib did not flavor my taste buds at all. The one that was a hit was the bone in Ribeye steak.  (That's what he said, I'll take his word for it  ;) What made this visit a 4 star was the service.  Everyone hears a birthday song for celebration at a restaurant.  How about  a anniversary song...  Yup!  Anniversary song! Our maitre 'd for some reason knew we were celebrating our Anniversary.  Showed up with a compliment dessert, with a candle and sang.  Awww so sweet!
I have not been here for many years and almost forgotten how great this restaurant is.   We went there on Saturday.   The restaurant was buzzing  and happening.  The atmosphere was great even though it is not your quiet fine dining experience. The prime rib is simply the best in the Bay Area.  Our medium rare cuts were perfect.   They also have a prime rib cut on the children's menu.   That would have to the best deal in town!    I wish I was still 9. We also ordered the fish special of the day.   The fish was  a pleasant surprise.   Cooked perfectly and the texture was perfect. We will be back soon.
I had not been to Sundance for some time and it has always been one of my favorite steakhouses in the area. The food was like I remembered and was very good. I would give the food a solid four stars.  Our server was very personable the night my family dined there and I would give him the benefit of his own star (we happened to visit on a good night). The lobster bisque was awesome as usual and the filet mignon that I had was tender and very flavorful. Others in my family had the salmon Sunset Dinner and loved it.  The Sunset Dinners are an excellent value if you can make it to the restaurant by 6:00 PM. I highly recommend Sundance!
Sundance has a great Sunset Dinner Meal that they serve from 5-6pm that includes a soup/salad course and an entree for $21.95.  Most of their entree items are included in the Sunset menu; however, at a smaller portion.  I was going to go with the Sunset menu until I realized that the prime rib portion was 6oz, so I ordered off their regular menu and got the Petite Cut Prime Rib, which was 8 oz.  It came with steamed vegetables and a baked potato or mashed potatoes.  The cut came out prepared just as I wanted it, and while I enjoyed my meal, it didn't "wow" me. If you do go, I highly recommend that you make reservations.  I had tried going a few weeks ago, and called around 6pm to see if they had a table for 5, and they didn't have anything available for 2 hours.  So imagine if we had just walked in...
This place takes you back to the 70s or maybe to a historical steakhouse in East coast. The setting is still dated to 70s and don't get me wrong, it is a great place but don't a typical trendy restaurant in PA area. My prime ribs was cooked to perfection and the mashed potatoes was great. The downside is the presentation of the food is dated. The presentation looks more than a normal steakhouse rather than a classy steakhouse. Definitely has room of improvement in this area. The oyster and crab cake are yummy. Overall, the quality of food and service are great. The downside is parking as they have a small parking spaces. it would be best to park by street than its private parking spaces.
Let me preface this review by letting you know that whenever I am asked what my favorite food is, I always say steak. Not the BS strips you get at Black Angus; real, thick, perfectly cooked STEAK. That being said, this is where I come when I want a perfectly cooked steak, or want to celebrate some major (or even minor!) event and want to splurge a little. Appetizers are tasty - the asian slaw that accompanies the wagyu rolls is quite delicious. Needless to say, the steak is the star here and you will not be disappointed in the quality of the meat or the methods of preparation. My daughter is going to be 7 and she said she wanted to have her birthday party at Sundance. Yeaaaah.....not likely going to happen, but MY birthday is another story :) Five prime ribbed stars!
When it comes to steakhouses, it simply does not get any better than this. Sundance is the bees knees. It takes the cake. Go here. Now. Sundance is a classy steakhouse specializing in a delectable, melt-in-your-mouth prime rib that will transport you to a whole other world of steak-goodness. If you thought the House of Prime Rib was great, wait until you try Sundance. And it's conveniently located in Palo Alto, so no messy SF parking issues. A proper trip to Sundance involves a reservation (on weekends, make your reservations at least several days in advance, they fill up quick), getting there 20-30 minutes early to enjoy a drink at the bar, start off with the filet mignon spring rolls (epic!), then a delectable prime rib in whichever cut suits you. Dessert is on you (I can't hold your hand thru this entire experience.) I like classic cocktails. An old fashioned. A sidecar. A good Manhattan. Fortunately, most of Sundance's bartenders are true mixologists. They've gone way beyond mixing rum and coke and can make a proper cocktail. I definitely recommend a stop at the bar first. Appetizers are all generally good, but the filet mignon spring rolls are by far the best. They're a testament to what you're about to experience in the main course. And of course, get the prime rib. Don't argue, just order. You won't regret it. And in the end, remember to tip your waiter generously. Service has always been top notch. Friendly, personable, knowledgeable, and professional. Sometimes with a bit of gravitas befitting a classy joint and other times with witty banter, but always enjoyable.
I was not impressed with this restaurant at all. It's not even worth it to give them a mulligan. The food was sub-par. I ordered the "best cut" of prime rib; rare, of course. It came well-done; the server told me that this is what rare looks like. Excuse me, but I think I know the difference between rare and well-done; this cut was so well-done it was almost white. Ick... In addition to that, the side dishes were barely palatable, the wine list is absurdly over-priced, and the service was slow and lacked intelligence. Do not waste your time or money here!
I recently ate at Sundance and WOW!  Everything was perfect. I had the New York Strip with whiskey peppercorn sauce and it was amazing. Sauteed mushrooms were very good and excellent mashed potatoes. I highly recommend this place to all steak lovers in the area!
This place is awesome. One of the best places in the Bay Area for a great cut of meat. I come here with my parents about once every few months and every time is better than the last. The prime rib is so tender it literally can be sliced through like butter. The garlic mashed potatoes are thick and creamy, with a subtle but flavorful mix of butter and garlic. The steamed vegetables are fresh and organic. Also, they even serve their drinks with ice cubes that are not bruised. Now, I've had many manhattan's and neat pour's before, but never, not even at Alexander's Steakhouse, have I ever had a bartender take the time to ensure the ice cubes are not bruised. When the waiter set my Knob Creek down on the table it looked like something out of a damn magazine. Anyways, best not to get overly excited about a glass of whiskey. The hostess at the front is usually a cute college girl, and seats you right away. The smiles and cheerful, welcoming attitude is always appreciated.
Stopped here for a business dinner with a colleague. The restaurant was full so we had to sit in the bar. I get the impression this happens regularly - the place is popular! The good news is we could order from the full menu in the bar. Bad news is that the bar table (which is a high table with these little high chair seats) was really uncomfortable to eat at and barely held our plates. Place was very loud and the wait staff seemed overworked. I am sure it is nicer if you get to eat in the actual restaurant but given the situation we kind of ate up and got out of there. The place could use more parking also as the lot is quite small and on busy nights you end up parking on the street, meaning you have to cross some busy roads to get back to your car. I would try it again but only with a reservation and hopefully would not feel as rushed.
Saturday night dinner for a birthday. I decided that it would be nice to get out of San Francisco for a change, so I came to Sundance based on my friend's fiance's recommendation. reservations were made because i heard that this place gets pretty busy. they have a small parking lot that gets full. Two Grey goose pomintinis, two stellas.. appetizer sampler-- ahi tuna sashimi, spring rolls and calamari. slow cooked prime rib medium rare with garlic mashed potatoes and new york steak medium with garlic mashed potatoes. to be honest with you yelpers, i was full just off the bread and appetizers. we waited a long time for our steak because the restaurant was busy. i'd have to say we waited around 1+ hours for the steaks. even with the long wait i still give this place five stars! the food is heavenly----- EVERY SINGLE BITE. the customer service here really is GREAT. staff is friendly. since we came here for a birthday the dessert was on the house. it was a delicious ice cream coffee cake type thing yumm!.. i would definitely come back again, but like everybody else says-- only for a special occasion.
First time there tonight. Service and dessert were excellent. Prime rib was good but not great especially when compared to House of Prime Rib in SF. Also, the veggie serving was small. Will go back for work dinners but not if I have to pay personally : p
Had the prawns and I have to say they were pretty tasty and plentiful.  Always a sucker for creamed spinach and it was quite good.  Drinks were sort of middle of the road.  The ambiance was nice and relaxing.  If you are looking for a place to catch up with friends and colleagues Sundance is a pretty good bet
Came here for dinner on the suggestion of a colleague and certainly came away impressed. Great food and good atmosphere, although I did think that the interior was a little dark. I couldn't get enough of the warm, delicious bread put in front of us to start. I really tried to contain myself, but to no avail. I began with the soup du jour, which was an awesome roasted tomato bisque. And when the house specialty is prime rib, how can one resist? I can certainly see how this has become the favorite here, as it was deliciously cooked to perfection. Great garlic mashed potatoes on the side, too.
Sundance is an old-fashioned high-end steak house that will easily fit in in downtown Boston or New York. That statement has a number of implications which I will flesh out here: I like the ambiance and it is a great place to have a business dinner or a very formal date. That said, it is a bit expensive and the food wasn't quite there to back up the price. I ordered a medium rare filet and it came out more like a medium to medium-well. Seasoning was well done and complimentary to the favor of the meat (as opposed to overwhelming it), but I was a bit disappointed that they couldn't cook it properly. Wine menu is quite extensive and service was exquisite, so I am giving it 4 stars.
I was reading about a series of experiments conducted by doctors which examined the link between red-meat based diets versus plant and vegetable based diets and their levels of tumor/cancer growth. the results were shocking to say the least, (go check it out) but how can you say no to a thick cut of USDA prime RIB! parking was the pits, i was already running really late and the tiny lot in the back was completely filled. there's a limited amount of spaces in the front (including a brand new smoking red ferrari) and it was only a tuesday evening! plenty of different pasta dishes, a fish of the day, USDA prime steaks, but it was all about the prime rib for me. starting at around $26? for an 8oz. cut, it goes up $2 for an additional two-ounces up until a 14oz cut. sides include mashed potatoes, cream of spinach, rice pilaf, or a baked potato. I ordered mine "very, very rare. as bloody and fresh as possible, please" to which our waiter replied "straight up, like a real cowboy. you got it." straight up my ass! it came back the same as other tables around us who I had heard order medium-well and medium. -1, if i'm dropping just under $30 for a piece of USDA prime.. I want it barely cooked, just HOW I LIKE IT! -1 the mashed potatoes were plentiful, mashed, and tasty! the "vegetables" consisted of a couple paper-thin carrot slices and some boiled broccoli? i had a chance to taste the leftovers of the shrimp seafood linguine. the seafood was a tad rough due to overcooking and the sauce was extremely rich and super thick/heavy! I considered this steakhouse of the "fine-dining" caliber. throw in a '$$$$' price review on http://yelp.com for further evidence? our waiter came over a couple times and would glare around us and at our table.. after his brief interruption he would reply "JUUUUUUST CHECKING ON YOU, THATS ALL" ..a TAD disruptive? even the bussers would lean over and stare, there were several times where I felt like saying "BE... COOL..." next time, make it a little more subtle please? maybe don't interrupt and kill the conversation? ..mahalo if i'm the area and feel like getting fancy, i may come back. there are plenty of selections on el camino real, BE COOL.
Just OK... None of the food was remarkable by any means. There are better steakhouses.
Used to frequent more often but no longer in the Passport program. Came here for our daughters 10th birthday as she loves the shrimp kids dinner, which is a huge portion, including dessert.  We tend to try to hit this place during the early dinner rush, usually around 5:30.  In the past, we have been quite pleased with being able to beat the rush and be in and out in an hour - this past time it was closer to 1:45 which was just too much for our kids.  The only save was the waiter was great to our kids (although forgot our appetizer order) as he brought a huge slice of mud pie and did a little tune on his harmonica for the birthday song. Perhaps it was an off night or other folks are on to the sunset deals (served from 5-6pm only) and they are not prepared for the traffic - even with a reservation it was just too long and too slow of service this time. Food is always great, steak, yummy mashed potatoes and crisp veges - next time just maybe no kiddos so we can enjoy the ambiance alone.
Seated instantly Waited 10 minutes to be greeted Another server took order (he let us know many times he was not our server) Got order totally wrong Wrong burger wrong side.  Had my burger with my dates side Real server took drink order after food arrived. Got the drink order wrong (go fig) Ketchup was good Music was good If you like ketchup and jazz come on down. If you like good service and good food ....go somewhere else
Pros: +   Savory food +   Okay prices ($28 for a 10-ounce prime rib) +   Sports pages tacked up in front of the urinals Cons: -   Cramped parking lot with tiny spaces -   Flippant waiter -   Slow service
I've been to Sundance probably about 5+ times, and every time its been outstanding - food, service, ambience and value. Last night we went with our kids (6 and 4), and had another great experience. This is a great steakhouse for a big family dinner out - upscale enough to to feel special, but also  but also tolerant of well behaved kids, and a really nicely done kids menu. We started with two Lemon Drop cocktails, which were superbly done. The cocktails are a definite must order here, and don't forget the happy hour for those without kids (in the bar area only) For an appetizer, we got the calamari, and the tuna sashimi (we always order this one!). My wife ordered the filet mignon, I got the NY steak special. My kids had the standard safe kid bet - pasta! The kids meal comes with a desert - a sundae, and we shared a creme brulee. From appetizer, to dessert, all of the food was excellent, steaks cooked perfectly, sides tasty, with very generous portion sizes too (huge appetizers!). Let me say, the service is REALLY REALLY good. There is someone constantly refilling water, bread etc. We had a little accident at the table (I spilled soy sauce everywhere :-( ), and someone was on it straight away. Also, really nice old school dark steak house ambience too - classily put together. Finally the bill. I consider this place really good value for an upscale steakhouse - and at the end of the meal, there's no regrets - because the whole experience is so well done from walking in the door, to leaving the restaurant. This is my go to steak place, visit after visit I've always had a fantastic meal, and they've never let me down!
Beer selection is very limited but the food prices are fairly reasonable for a steakhouse. The mahi mahi was fantastic.
Had lunch here with a friend recently. Wow, love sinking my teeth in to a scrumptious melt in your mouth quality steak especially since I don't really eat much meat now a days. Hum, hum, huummm....... Pricey, but not really for this scale restaurant, My meal was absolute delicious perfection. I really like the old small antique mine car that sits outside. I think a lot of people miss this little gem touch. I think it is rather cute and adds a nice touch.
Love, love, love this great steakhouse in Palo Alto.  The prime steaks each time we 've dined have been fantastic and the wine selection is top notch.  One of my favorite aspects of the restaurant is that you can actually have a conversation in what feels like a very private upscale club ( not nightclub) atmosphere. Steak is expensive, but Sundance delivers a great value.  I would rate it as one of my favorite steakhouses in the San Francisco bay area. If you are bringing in clients or family and want to impress, the staff won't let you down, the food will deliver and they'll can actually hear what everyone is saying!
This review is for their Prime Rib, the Sunset Dinner and the Lunch French Dip.....YUMMMY!!!!! LUNCH * FRENCH DIP (16) - Prime rib sliced deli thin & piled high.  Served on a toasted sourdough bastoni with hot au jus "dip" aside & creamy horseradish Sauce. - this is a must if you are in the area - large portion and crisp fries. SUNSET DINNER (22) - 5pm-6pm EVERYDAY (get in early) * choice of Clam Chowder, Chef's Soup of the Day, House Salad, Tossed Sonoma Salad or Romaine Caesar Salad. * choice of the Following Entrees: Slow-Roasted Prime Rib / USDA Prime Teriyaki Skewer / USDA Prime Top Sirloin Steak / Fresh Grilled Salmon / Tempura Gulf Prawns / Jumbo Prawn Saute / Grilled Chicken Teriyaki / Chicken Marsala * All Entrees are served complete with Warm Sourdough Bread, Today's Fresh Vegetables & your choice of Idaho Baked Potato, Sundance Garlic Mashed Potatoes, Wild Rice Pilaf or Thick-Sliced Tomato. We always make the most of it and get the PRIME RIB - looks like they give the Petite Cut (reg. price $26) Service was excellent, they checked up on us, refilled our waters and bread and made us feel like family. This place has the feeling of the "Old Boys Club", dark interior, wood paneling, animal heads, and sport memorabilia. Parking is a bit hard, their parking lot is tiny. If you have a large car, suv or truck recommend that you park on the street.
Food is ok as far as sides and steaks. A bit too sauced up for my liking. Not a true NY style steak house.  That being said  the service and wine list are off the charts. Great vibe and the wine list will go as deep as you want. Worth every cent.
well the service was absolutely stellar. we were seated immediately for our rez at a very nice secluded table where we could hear each other talk -what a concept! our  server was professional & prompt without being patronizing or pretentious. we all had one of their special martinis which were very good. they have a really nice wine section, a bit pricey, and their corkage fee is $25(wow)! two had the prime rib which one said was perfect and the other found tough. one had the sirloin steak which really was not that flavorful and rather chewy.  veggie accompaniments were perfect and the baked potatoes with all the goodies were just fine. reason no higher stars is that being a steakhouse, the meat should have been perfect and was not, especially for the prices. yikes.
Sundance is a classic old school steakhouse. Simple food with exceptional quality defines this place. The wait staff here are also exceptional and professional. They make the difference in comparison to other high end establishments. The red meat is very good as are the fish choices.  The sour dough bread is about the best we've ever had.  The lobster bisque, wedge salad, ahi tuna are all excellent. The deserts are big, high quality and delicious. This place is pricey and for special occasions completely worth it. If you like old sports memorabilia this is definitely the place for you.
This place is classic. Many famous sports stars frequent this steakhouse and Stanford games often end here at the Sundance.  You will see sports memoribilia on the walls because the owners often receive gifts from their clients.  Make sure you visit when Aron Fletcher, the owner, is working. He will make sure he treats you like royalty. I often have told Aron that his restaraunt is the epitome of The "church of food. " I've heard stories of the owners daring kids to get all A's in school, and coming in for a free dinner or free desserts.  Aron, the owner believes the restaraunt is a place where people come to gather around, catch up, talk sports, family, business, and life. Around the community table at Sundance Steakhouse, Palo Alto  has gathered  here for decades.
Went to Sundance on 8/8/12: we arrived early and waited in the bar for 3 friends; 2 people who were about to vacate their table asked us to join them and use the table. We did. The hostess kept walking in and glaring at us every few minutes. Tipped the cocktail server and the lounge waiter very well...just to irritate the hostess. They gave us great service with appetizers and drinks. Sundance has, without a doubt the RUDEST most CONDESCENDING, SELF CENTERED hostesses (especially the short dark-haired person on that night) of any restaurant in the area. The food is okay; service: good, but the rudeness you get from the hostess station is not worth it. I've had enough...Ive been going here ever since it opened, but enough is enough: I'm through. I will tell everyone about this. Go somewhere where they will appreciate you as a customer and treat you cordially from the front door to the table.
Boyfriend and I had the prime rib, which was perfection. Delicious, tender, savory. Even the mashed potatoes were impressively rich. I originally wanted to order a half bottle of a Pinot Noir, but then he recommended another Pinot Noir wine, by the glass. At first I thought he was trying to get us to pay more, but the recommendation was highly appreciated, as the wine was a delicious complement to our prime rib meal. I never got the name of the waiter, he was an older man with glasses and light-colored hair. Even the busboys were polite and attentive. The setting is very romantic. Candles on the table, dimmed lights, but plenty of families/friends were eating there as well. Parents with young children will feel out of place, since this is a quiet restaurant. We arrived at 6:30pm on a Thursday and were seated immediately. Parking is cramped, but there is also plenty of street-parking available.
One of the older and classier spots in Palo Alto (and certainly nicer than my typical college budget permits), I came here for dinner last January to celebrate a one year anniversary. The food itself was good, and I left the restaurant quite full. I had salmon with garlic mashed potatoes, and he had prime rib with a stuffed baked potato (he had been once before and had the better order, although both meals were good. If I returned, I'd probably go for the prime rib). The off-putting: As 20-year-olds, my boyfriend and I were significantly younger than the average patron; for example, the table adjacent to ours appeared to be a birthday gathering for an elderly (read: late 70s to mid 80s) man. That said, our waiter (middle aged himself) constantly referred to my boyfriend and me as 'kids,' which both of us found irksome and a bit patronizing. We are spending $60-plus on a meal before tip -- please treat us like adults, sir.
Excellent prime rib! Very nice, and romantic dinner.
The best early bird special I have ever seen. Soup or salad, choice of 5 entrees (including prime rib) of decent, but not large portions, accompanied by potato and veggies. $20.  Only between 5 and 6PM.  It is always delicious and always $20.  What more can you ask for? I suggest the Caesar salad (with anchovies), the baked potato (loaded) and the prime rib.  It will delight you.  The best Caesar salad I have had in a steakhouse.  BAR NONE. For dessert, you simply must indulge.  Best steakhouse desserts of any of the places I have been to.  The mud pie, apple pie and the cheesecake are off the charts good.  The mud pie in particular will make your eyes roll back in your head...
Fresh Pacific Oysters - it was okay Prime Filet Mignon- it was okay, not bad of course..just didn't wow me. Tempura Mushrooms- what's the deal with this one?! why does everyone LOVE it?! ...didn't do it for me. Clam Chowder - like any other clam chowder imo. Dungeness Crab Cakes - alright. I don't know. I'm just disappointed they didn't have the famous prime rib when I arrived. :( hopefully, next time... I do like their server...wish I knew his name! didn't hear me request the dessert so he went ahead and just gave it on the house, very sweet gesture.
What did we order? 1 Award-Winning Slow-Roasted Prime Rib The Standard Cut with Sauteed Alaskan Sea Scallops 1 Award-Winning Slow-Roasted Prime Rib The House Cut 1 U.S.D.A Prime Top Sirloin How was the taste on a scale from 1 through 5? 5 How was the service on a scale from 1 through 5? 3 Did we feel it was worth the price? Yes Will we visit Sundance The Steakhouse in the future? Yes
-----------SUNSET DINNER ONLY--------- What a freakin deal. $19.95 for decent size prime rib, big portion of mashed potatoes and soup. I probably wouldn't come here to pay that in the full price (somewhere closer to $35) but the sunset dinner menu is pretty great. It's offered 7 days a week but only from 5-6PM so I could only go on a weekend since I never get out of work on time. There's a bunch of other choices for you to choose from but it's like an everyday discounted way to try the menu. Everything was delicious and filling. A win considering what a good deal it is
This place is has been around for years, and I remember coming here for a pre-prom dinner at least twice during high school, back when it was called Sundance Mining Company. But what hasn't changed is the excellent service and food. Best way to enjoy this place these days is on someone else's tab, as the prices are quite high. Sure, service is great and the food is perfectly cooked, but $36.95 for a 7oz filet is kinda high, don't you think? Luckily, my dad was buying on my most recent visit. :-) It's quite dark inside and much nosier than you'd expect. Lots of deals and meetings going down here, as it's close to Sand Hill Rd and all the VC companies, and maybe some wealthy Stanford students in the bar watching the game over drinks. It made it hard to talk because it was so noisy, even though we could only see one other table near ours.  Our waiter was gracious and funny, and my medium-rare steak was perfectly cooked. They are known for their prime rib, which my dad got - and loved - and all their meats are top-notch quality. Sourdough bread delivered to the table is excellent, and my dad wanted dessert so we shared a slice of their Mud Pie. I pretty much rolled out of there, but it was sooo worth it.
You can tell The Man eats here, closing deals and hobnobbing on a regular basis. Every inch of wall and ceiling appears to be covered in mahogany; The lighting is dimmed; Wine bottles, crystal, old prints, plus antique hunting and fishing gear serve as decoration. And don't get me started on the gorgeous bar. The food consists primarily of large, expensive, perfectly-cooked slabs of meat. The clientele is 75% male, a surprising portion of which are wearing  ties. If it wasn't for the Stanford memorabilia scattered here and there, I would swear i was somewhere on the East coast. I was invited here for a business dinner and was thankful I dressed up a bit. And sure, I wasn't paying, so I can afford to be generous. Even so, I noticed the prices. My small NY strip was $40 (Yikes.)  Good thing it was perfect. My excellent tomato, onion and blue cheese salad was $8.  I lost track of the wine cost, but based on what we were putting away, it was heady. So yes, I'm a fan, but I realize my view may be skewed somewhat by the "excellent food and wine for free" factor. I'll subtract a star to compensate. I love a good steak, but I don't know that I would go here on my own, unless I was really splurging. Until then.
Had dinner in the bar here on a Friday evening. The bartender was attentive. I got my clam chowder immediately and it was good. But then I was waiting for my steak for a long time, and I had to ask the bartender before it finally arrived - cold! I complained to the bartender and he took it back to the kitchen for a reheat. When I got it back, the plate was flaming, the spinach side was steaming, but the steak was still lukewarm. I had ordered medium-rare, but it was medium-well done. I gave up and ate my steak, but feel that the other reviews I've read baout this place are much too kind.  It definitely was not good value for my money!
Very happy that they're now on OpenTable as waiting for a table used to be a nightmare so 5 stars it is! Service is great.  Wine selection is great.  Started off with a Tossed Sonoma Salad.  Perfect to share.  For dinner, I usually get the same thing: 7 oz filet mignon cooked medium rare with baked potato with sour cream and chives.  The food has always been great.  Even the bread is addicting.  Too bad they no longer accept Passport cards, but don't worry.  I'll be back!
I've had dinner here a few times.  I can't believe I haven't yelped about it yet!  The only thing I... Read more 
Came here to celebrate my birthday and I think I've found my new fav prime rib place!!! I like House of Prime Rib but today was the GGB 75th Anniversary and I could only imagine what a traffic nightmare it might be in the city tonight so we opted for something in the peninsula. I'm super glad we did otherwise I may have missed the gem of a find.  Love love love the location (close to Stanford Shopping) and parking wasn't a problem. Although as we were leaving I noticed several cars waiting for a spot.  The prime rib here is one of the best I had in a long time. Cooked to perfection. The creamed spinach is the best I've had & the service was awesome.  Oh & for dessert, the mud pie is a good choice but definitely something you'd to share with your party! It's pretty big.  Wine selection was pretty decent too.  Check this place out after a long hard day of shopping at Stanford.  Lol. You won't regret it!
This is one of the oldest and best prime rib and steak houses in the Bay Area. Meat is always tender and cooked to perfection. They also have a killer clam chowder! Service is friendly, professional and efficient. Can't go wrong here.
My FAVORITE place to go for prime rib. Doesn't get better than this. A-maze-balls prime rib. Thick cuts...juicy...cooked to perfection. Great wines to choose from. Intimate table seating. Great ambience. I love the dark feeling of the restaurant. I agree...the only con is the small parking lot during peak times. We had to park down the street. However, this is a small con. Go. NOW!
Definitely thought about coming here for quite some time.  I used opentable and was able to get a reservation easily. I arrived on Friday night a little early and waited at the crowded bar.  The bartender was attentive to my needs and acknowledged me immediately, then took a little bit to get my order in.. Understandable though, its a busy Friday night ya know?  No worries, all good, and they were able to transfer my bill to my table. Awesome. They were able to seat me at my reservation time no problem.  Let me put this out.  Dining here is a night out in itself.. Don't expect to come in and rush and get a dinner..  Relax.  Enjoy yourself. Pondering over the menu, they def have  a wide selection of meat and seafood.. They also have a ridiculous wine list that even shows they have a bottle for $1100! Crazy VC write offs is what I was thinking.. That or they may have Ellison and Zuckerberg pissin money away!!  We were able to find the wine we wanted.  Justin Cab 2008.  Delicious! I ordered the Prime rib which was excellent.  Sides of garlic mash and veggies. But the highlight of the meal for me was the side scallops I ordered with the prime rib.  Delicious!!! Both excellent. My date ordered a bacon wrapped filet which isn't on the menu but they were able to accommodate her.  When she got it, it didn't look as amazing as I had hoped and the bacon was a lil bit on the undercooked side. It looked as if it was a afterthought of "ohh shit, I forgot to wrap the filet" .  Other than that though, all smiles, great server and I def will be back again! Thank you Sundance for living up to your name!  Keep up the splendid work
I can't believe after 10 years I still haven't written a review.  Working in Palo Alto for 6 years with easy access to Sundance for lunch and dinner left me complacent.  After leaving for a job in Los Gatos I realize just what I'm missing.  There is nothing like Sundance in the south bay (ok MAYBE Alexander's). You won't get a bad meal here no matter what you order.  It's just that you don't really need to look at the menu, just order the prime rib.  Ok, you can look at the menu but only for appetizers.  Actually forget that, just order the filet mignon spring rolls for an app, they are the best.  If you go for lunch you're allowed to order the french dip, it is basically 6oz of prime rib on a bun.  You can try to order it at dinner, sometimes you'll get lucky and they have a bun or two left. The only other thing I've ever ordered was a hickory burger, once.  It was really really good, but not french dip good.  I've tried other steaks and chicken dishes that other people have ordered (against my advice) and while good, they weren't prime rib. Protip: If you want to look cool and in the know, order a stuffed pepper on the side. Protip 2: Come often enough and get the know the waiters and you'll learn some new dirty jokes to tell back at the office.
3 stars for the food (prime rib, mashed potatoes & veggies), 4 stars for the service (although our waiter was obnoxiously enthusiastic, which was a little much after a long day) and ambiance. Great place for a date, business meeting or if you're over 65 (we felt like the youngest people in the joint!).  It's very, very dark in this restaurant; but I loved that.  Found it very relaxing. Prices seemed reasonable. Will definitely try it again and be hungrier next time.  I'd like to try a starter and dessert... Solid experience!
The atmosphere was nice and classy, and the ribeye steak was good, but i was not impressed.  I know you're pretty much paying for the atmosphere, which is cool.  I would probably go there again, to try something different.
Really nice ambiance, great service, only okay food. The prime rib was definitely one of their specials and it was very good, but everything else was just okay considering the prices.  Their sunset menu (discounted prices for early dinner) was probably what made the dinner more worth it.  My boyfriend got the steak and he was tempted to ask for steak sauce, which considering that they are called a steakhouse is disappointing.  Their mashed potatoes are something I could've made at home.  Their veggies weren't bad.  Creme brulee was made perfectly.  Basically, the food is okay.  Some things were really tasty, but considering the prices I would've expected everything to taste sublime. On to the next steakhouse....
Came here for my birthday and was quite pleased.  The steak and prime rib are quite standard.  A big cut above your standard outback but not quite HOPR.  As such, the prices were very appropriate for the quality of food.  The rib eye was very well done.  The prime rib wasn't as good as it could have been... consistency and lacked the smoothness that you normally like to have with good prime rib. The ambiance was fairly classy as was the service... I really wouldn't know because I was too busy checking out the smoking hot hostesses.  =) Definitely a great date place if you guys are carnivorous. OH and the complimentary birthday treat was a chocolate syrup covered ice cream delight that tasted like angel turds.  As awesome as it gets!
I'm surprised I haven't written something about Sundance, because I absolutely love this place.  I have to say Jeff and I probably go ever month or so for some steak.  This place is in walking distance of our house so it's a perfect place to get a few drinks and some dinner.  We always have a really nice time and the bartender (Ozzie) is the most attentive person.  He always is always smiling and is super great at making a drink.  He is also really patient allowing you to sample the wines at your leisure.  I personally find some of the waitresses on the b*$tchy side but I usually don't have to deal with them in the bar area. As for food I don't like the prime rib, which is what they are known for.  I think it's good but it's just not my style.  I do love love love the steaks, the oysters Rockefeller, and the Caesar salad.  Needless to say this is one of our favorite haunts.
After living in Palo Alto for such an extended period of time, it still is a pleasure to go to Sundance for a nice dinner. Sundance is conveniently located on El Camino Real, but don't let that fool you. Their parking lot fills up ridiculously fast, and you're left to find parking on the street. The steakhouse itself does seat a good amount of people, but I'd recommend calling and making a reservation because once it's full, they won't accept any additional patrons. Sundance is known for their awesome prime rib, but for the countless times that I've been here, I actually have never ordered it. My go to item on the menu is their New York Strip at $39.99. If you've never been here, I'd say try their prime rib. They serve it until they sell out, so try and show up early if possible. For appetizers, my favorite starter is the fried calamari. It comes with thousand island dressing and cocktail sauce. If you want to order a 2nd dish, go with the tempura shrimp. You get 4 pieces, but they're pretty huge. As far as your steak dishes go, they all come with a side and some veggies. I always go with their mashed potatoes cause they're friggin' awesome, but to each their own. With your steak and sides, you honestly don't even really need the appetizers. Sundance does have a wine menu as well that's not super extensive, but good enough that you can find some nice bottles. Desert, their mud pie is huge. We split it among 4 people and still didn't finish it. Sundance is my go to spot in Palo Alto. It trumps Flemming's, Morton's and Ruth Chris. You won't be disappointed, except for the lack of parking spots.
Good place, great steaks.  Had the clam chowder, prime rib and mud pie.  All were delicious.  Good service too.  Really enjoyed looking at all the sports memorabilia in the bar area.
We've lived on the Peninsula for 17 years, yet we've never managed to try Sundance.  Until last night, my husband's birthday. I was concerned the experience wouldn't be sufficiently memorable.  As it turned out, I needn't have worried.  The food and service was exactly the way it should be.  My husband likes to indulge in banter with servers, and here they give as good as they get.  It's relaxed, clubby, friendly. And then it became memorable in a different way... We were on our wedge salads when a man in the next booth vomited and had a seizure, then another seizure.  Before we even realized what was happening, one of the servers (who as it turns out is a paramedic intern) was there, talking to the victim, gauging his responsiveness and level of consciousness, reassuring the others an ambulance had been called.  He stayed with the sick man until fire fighters arrived and gave a concise report on what he witnessed.  The man regained consciousness and after a few minutes was none the worse for wear, although repeatedly urged to go to the hospital.  (It seems an allergy to Benadryl was the culprit, not the food!)  Another server came to us and quietly asked if we wanted to be moved to a different table. I was so impressed with the professionalism shown by the entire staff.  Again, exactly the way it should be. I had the petite prime rib, my husband the larger standard cut.  He likes end cuts because they're well-done and have a lot of seasoning.  He got just what he wanted.  Mine came with a huge mountain of garlic mashed potatoes, sided with sliced carrots and broccoli.  It was the best prime rib I've ever had.  I'll probably never eat prime rib anywhere else ever again -- it would be a letdown. I had a vodka martini with dinner and I have high standards for that drink that very few establishments meet.  Generally it isn't cold enough.  My Sundance martini was perfectly chilled, with two olives.  For dessert my husband had the raspberry sorbet (complimentary since it was his birthday), I had an Irish coffee.  Again, just right, with ample Jamieson's. I was surprised when the bill came -- it wasn't nearly as much as I'd expected, under $100 for two.  We've spent more than that at Trader Vic's, to much less effect. Oh, and this may sound strange, but I like to check out the ladies room at places like this.  It's large, decorated elegantly with many elaborately-framed art prints and glassed-in free-standing curios with objets d'art.  There's a lovely antique umbrella stand.  Clean and well-maintained.  My husband reports the men's room is done in black and white tile and has lots of sports memorabilia, a real man's man kind of place.
I took my Dad here for a belated Father's Day dinner. He wanted prime rib at Sundance and I wanted prime rib from House of Prime Rib. I decided to give this place a chance since it was much closer and I knew parking wouldn't be a problem. We came right at 5PM (when it opens for dinner) and there was already a crowd at the bar and it was a good thing we made reservations because I overheard the hostess tell a walk-in couple that they were fully booked tonight. So we sat and my Dad, who has been here already twice, ordered off the Sunset dinner menu from 5-6PM. It's a great deal: $19.95 for either soup or salad and then a 6 oz prime rib with veggies (broccoli and carrots) and choice of mashed potatoes, baked potato or rice pilaf. I ordered the clam chowder soup with mashed potatoes. The soup was delicious and the entree was a good sized portion (atleast for me, after eating 3 pieces of bread and drinking their soup) which I had to take half of it home. The prime rib was cooked medium rare and was juicy and tender. There was quite a bit of fat (which takes up precious meat space!), but it was still good. The mashed potatoes were average...I tried a bite of the baked potato (with everything on top) and that was pretty good. Overall, for the price you're paying, this is a great place to go. Ambiance and service was great: friendly and efficient. I would definitely come back for the Sunset dinner menu!
Came here on a double date a couple nights ago.  Excellent food however, boo* on my part on attempting to be different and NOT order prime rib.  We all arrived around 5:30 pm, just in time for the sundance dinner special which was a choice of prime rib, salmon, filet mignon skewers, sirloin steak, chicken teriyaki, chicken marsala, chicken piccatta, and jumbo garlic prawns dinner ALL for $20.  All dinners come with a choice of soup or salad and served with a hefty serving of two sides. The restaurant does have a bit of a dress code, I'd say in between casual to formal - so leave the sleeveless shirts and slippers in the car.  Our server was Jeff, he gave us exceptional service, very down to earth considering I was expecting an uptight server that was ready to blurt out SAT words that I don't understand while describing the menu.  He was very funny and charming. My party ordered the seared ahi tuna as an appetizer.  It came with sliced seasoned cucumbers, ribbons of ginger, wasabi and soy sauce.  The verdict was fresh, flavorful and YUMMY On that day, the soup of the day was lobster bisque (which made my friend's eyes pop out in excitement) and new england white clam chowder were the choices.  Our friends end up switching off spoonfuls of the bisque and chowder and started a little debate on which was better.  Me being the useless non-seafood eater, ordered the ceasar salad which was very good, the dressing was light, and surprisingly not too salty considering I got a generous serving of cheese. As for the main course, everyone (except me) ordered the prime rib.  I ordered the chicken piccatta and deeply regretted it after tasting my boyfriend's prime rib.  The horseradish sauce and au jous (sp?) definitely made that bite of prime rib 200% yummier.  Don't be mistaken, the chicken wasn't bad at all, it was evenly cooked, not dry at all, the sauce of the piccatta was thick and savory. Thumbs up to this place!
Very disappointed with service, especially the patronizing while trying too hard to be funny waiter. Agh! Let me enjoy my meal and spare me the commentary.
Best part of the dinner was the wine.  Unfortunately I picked it and some clever dudes in Napa made it - neither of whom work at this restaurant. The food was average, the service was below average. Pro Tip.  Do not price things on your menu $32.95.  You insult my intelligence.  $33 will do.
Came here with a humongous group (~10-20) a couple of years ago. Everyone got some some version of a prime rib, filet mignon, meat, meat, meat. It was ok - could have had the same ok quality of meat for a fraction of the price elsewhere. Really great job accommodating our raucous group though! This is a perfect place to come blow some rich guy's money with a large group. Good ambiance.
I love this place. Amazing food - great atmosphere - top notch service. I've been a half dozen times - never gets old.
Not a bad steakhouse.  All 3 times I was here the food has been pretty good and consistent.  Pertty generous portions. As stated in some of the other reviews, they do have great wines here.  They are also pretty quick in sitting you down. Get the New York.  You know how people are, however...some prefer a T-Bone.
Had dinner there tonight for our first anniversary. Made reservations through Open Table with a note that told the restaurant it was our anniversary. i had prime rib and my husband had lobster. Both were way overpriced for the portion -- very small lobster tail for $48.00 -- I could have rented a lobster boat for that and caught my own! I asked for rare prime rib and got medium. It was ok but not great. The veggies were simple and almost raw. Dinner for 2, without appetizers and with desert -- $117 without tip. Way overpriced for average meal. Save your money.
I came here for lunch. We got the sampler with crab cake, calamari and potato skins.  The crab cake and calamari were delish. I ordered the swordfish with wild rice.  The swordfish was seasoned well - I definitely tasted the cajun spices.  It was more than enough for lunch but it wasn't too heavy.  I'd definitely recommend this entree, though it might make more sense to order steak at a steakhouse. Service was really good.
Old School Prime Rib We've been coming here for years.  Its definitely a special occasion type of place.  Too expensive and too gut busting to come regularly. This time, we partook of the Sunset Dinner.  For $21, we got a prime rib and all the fixins.  Beware, the prime rib in this special is a thinner cut.  Other than that, this is a great value.  Worth fighting the old folks to get a seat between 5-6 to get this.  Actually, it wasn't crowded at all on Monday, but driving by at 4:45 on Sunday once I saw a line down the sidewalk. Normally, though, I'd get the big fat cut of prime rib.  That without any sides is like $30 last time I checked.  They cook it just right and serve with au jus.  Theres also horse radish, but not quite as spicy as I like. My pal got a baked potato, with big dollops of butter and sour cream, sprinkled with bacon for good measure.  The side veggies are passable, if a little bland and ordinary. The desserts are reason enough to come.  Big mud pie, or sundae.  We brought the pastor for his bday, and our old school waiter crooned some sinatra era happy birthday song.  Pretty special. Atmosphere is dark, wood paneled, lined with wine bottles along the back of the booths.  Pleasant if you're into that sort of thing.  I prefer a nice ocean view or something (like a chart house), but when the place is on El Camino Real, wood paneling will due.  Old Standford sports decor is kind of cool too.
Completely reliable, old school steak house.
Driving to Palo Alto on a Friday night in the pouring rain could be an adventure.  And last Friday, it was.  Good thing I left early, or I would have made my friend wait.  That wouldn't have been fair, since he graciously offered to buy me a steak dinner for my birthday. By the time I got to the restaurant, I was tired, hungry and just a little annoyed.  The parking lot situation didn't help, as the patrons clearly chose to exhibit the "screw you, I was here first" attitude towards parking.  A cramped lot was full, and the few available spots were downright tiny due to the patrons' disregard for the painted white lines on the pavement.  As a result, I had to park in the spot farthest away from the entrance, and my friend had to park on the street.  It was raining, so the 4-second walk to the restaurant wasn't pleasant. However, as soon as I walked through the doors of the steakhouse, all that anger and aggravation seemed to have melted away.  Sundance does a remarkable job of creating an unique atmosphere of opulence and serenity.  Decorated like an upscale ski lodge, the steakhouse feels inviting and welcoming.  I really enjoyed both the rich mahogany and brass accents, as well as a plethora of sports memorabilia from yesteryear.  If I ever buy a cabin in Aspen, I would decorate it to look like Sundance. The restaurant was absolutely packed, and the hostess was politely turning people away.  We had to wait for our table to be set for a couple of minutes, but we didn't mind.  The waiting area is really small, and I constantly felt like I was in everybody's way. Finally, they showed us to a quiet table in the back.  The big room was full, but somehow the acoustics worked in mysterious ways: we were able to carry on a conversation without having to raise our voices.  I couldn't believe how similar the Sundance atmosphere was to that of House of Prime Rib in San Francisco ( http://www.yelp.com/biz/... ).  We were also the youngest adult diners at this restaurant, so plan accordingly. Our waiter was phenomenal.  He was an old school waiter, and he made us feel welcome and taken care of.  He was there when we needed him, and he made himself scarce when we didn't.  From small talk to clearing the plates, he did everything perfectly.  I really can't say enough about him and the hostess - more restaurants should have staff like Sundance. I started my meal with the wedge salad, as I often do at steakhouses.  The wedge was OK, and the blue cheese dressing was a little too sweet and creamy.  The steak, on the other hand, was excellent.  The prime rib here rivals House of Prime Rib's offerings in quality.  In size, it seems to be lacking.  A 14 oz cut is the largest one on the menu, although the waiter did inform me I could have a cut as big as I wanted for $1.95 for each additional ounce.  Ouch.  Talk about a pricey upsell.  The Shareholder's Cut (14 oz) was an epitome of a perfect prime rib in my book: lean and perfectly cooked medium rare.  The mashed potatoes and the carrots were certainly up to par.  I had an extra helping of carrots, as I politely declined broccoli and creamed spinach.  I had my mind set on trying the New York strip, but I am glad I went for the prime rib. My friend and I split the "special" dessert - it was a cranberry apple crisp served a la mode.  The Haagen Dazs ice cream was good as always, but the crisp was disappointing.  It was a slice of apple and cranberry pie, and it was very pedestrian.  The crust tasted as if it were store bought and defrosted.  The filling had little flavor, and I don't think I would have finished the dessert had it not been for ice cream and whipped cream on the side.  They make everything better. Even though the dessert put a little damper on my experience here, I strongly recommend you give Sundance a chance and treat yourself to a nice, juicy prime rib.
It definitely is as good as it gets!  Service, good tasting food, selections, and the wine list - no matter what aspect of our evening here, it was exceptional. I was here last Tuesday with the ladies for their Sunset Dinner and then again last night.  Last night, we celebrated my husband's birthday there and Luke sang him his own written song as a birthday present.  It couldn't get more special than that. Our order consisted of oysters on a half shell, the Vine-Ripened Tomato and Mozzarella Salad, their New York Strip with Maker'sMark Whiskey Peppercorn Sauce and a Hot Fudge Sundae.  Oysters were so sweetly fresh.  The dressing on the tomato and mozzarella was mild but complimenting especially accompanied by fresh basil leaves.  The steak was tasty on its own without the peppercorn sauce.  With the sauce - it was a totally different steak dish - so delectable! Go!
My boyfriend and I really enjoyed our meal at Sundance. The service and ambiance were nice, and the prices weren't offensive. The server recommended the special, which was butterfish, and it was just delicious. My boyfriend had the prime rib, which he enjoyed. The sides were fairly good, but we skimped on their run of the mill desserts. All and all - it was a good time.
Love it!  Standard Prime Rib cut, bake potato, whiskey sidecar. Lobster bisque was great.
The price was good when you are eating the sunset dinner btwn 5-6pm otherwise i won't go to sundance i'd rather go to Forbe Mills or Alexander
I came here on a Friday night, forgetting that it is Lent season so I cannot eat me. I ordered everything seafood even though i wanted to try their prime ribs. =( I started out with crab cakes as my appetizer, some scallop and shrimp for my main entree as well as the ahi tuna entree. Both of the entrees came out first so at that time I knew they forgot about our crab cakes. I told the waitress and shortly the crab cakes was out and she did not charge us for it so I thought it was very nice of her. I will come here for the meat portion! =)
Yup, no more Microsoft Prime....
4 stars for my experience, but I also went with a friend with the Microsoft Prime card (2 for 1!) so... Read more 
My girlfriends and I came here to celebrate a birthday about a week ago. Right off the bat I have to say parking is a pain!! Their lot is super tiny and if you're coming for dinner you'll most likely have to park on the street. It was raining when I came here and had not brought an umbrella so it kind of sucked. Some of the girls were already at the restaurant were already there when I arrived so I did not have to wait to be seated. The inside is very dark and kind of reminds me of like an old gentleman's club. I could just imagine men sitting around smoking cigars and drinking whiskey or whatever...anyways I'm digressing. We ordered 3 appetizers to start; half dozen oysters, seared ahi tuna and clam chowder. The clam chowder was absolutely amazing! If I worked closer to this restaurant I would come here for lunch and just get the clam chowder. It was thick and creamy with fresh chunks of clam that wasn't rubbery at all. The seared ahi tuna on the other hand was a disappointment. I don't think they use sushi grade tuna for this appetizer because I've had waay better. The tuna was sliced too thick, about double the size I'm used to and really was not very fresh. Fresh tuna should have a light pinky red color and this one was a darker almost blood red. I would not order this next time I come here. I did not try the oysters as I don't like them but the others said they were very good and fresh. For dinner I ordered a 10oz. prime rib with mashed potatoes and split with one of the other girls. Good thing we split because the plate was HUGE! Splitting a plate costs $8 but it's because they give you double the amount of sides. Each plate came with steamed broccoli and carrots along with the mashed potatoes and half of the 10oz. prime rib. We ordered the steak medium rare and it was cooked to perfection! Seriously the best prime rib I have ever had! Definitely going to have to come back here with my fiance sometime. We didn't order any dessert but since it was someone's birthday they gave us their famous mud pie dessert on the house! It was absolutely divine! Service here was very attentive and prompt and we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. I would definitely recommend to anyone!
Great steak joint. Got the grass fed NY steak, with a blue cheese sauce on top. Garlic mashed potatoes were creamy, steamed carrots, and broccoli were tasty (probably be all were used with lots of butter). My bf got the sirloin steak and creamy spinach.  We got a good deal because we had the Passport Card (bogo free). 4 stars. NOTE: The Sunset Dinner special (seen online) cannot be used with the Passport Card.  It's misleading because the restriction wasn't mentioned online - we had to find out at the restaurant.
I saw some of the reviews and was a bit hesitant to go, but my boyfriend took me here anyways for my birthday.  We went for the sunset dinner and I must say it was pretty good. Our server was Nicolae, I think that's how you spell it, but he was such a nice guy.  He recommended the best wine and he ever gave me the cork at the end to take home. I got the Lobster Bisque and he got the Clam Chowder, they were a bit on the salty side, but ti wasn't unbearable or anything.  Eat it with some of the bread and it would be perfect. The sunset dinner came with an order of meat, we ordered the prime rib and it came with two sides, which were the soup and I got mashed potatoes.  I thought the taste of the prime rib was perfect and the mashed potatoes were fluffy. The mashed potatoes didn't come with any gravy, but it was seasoned well enough to not need anything else. Since it was for my birthday, Nicolae, brought out a big slice of mudd pie and he played the harmonica while my boyfriend sang to me.  It was a pretty nice place.  Will definitely come back and hopefully I can get the same server =) I haven't been here for the non-sunset dinners, but I heard it may taste different.
AMAZING! Best chicken marsala I have ever had. Best Bread and butter, Best calamari ever! It is very pricey and the only thing I notice is sometimes its a little dark inside...but whatever, the food makes up for it. Make reservations!
This is where my work goes for the Christmas Lunch. We always have an entire room to ourselves, usually the Horse room (pics of horses all over the place) and bring our own wine. The ambiance is kind of like the hunting lodge meets business luxury. You can tell that everyone else there is on some kind of business lunch or with coworkers. It's a nice place, though. The food is delicious, we start off with huge appetizer platters, then salads/soups then entrees. I had the wedge salad which was yummy, can't go wrong with blue cheese and bacon scattered all over lettuce. Then I had the filet mignon, which was the most expensive steak on the menu, but might not have been the most expensive entree. All in all, my review may be a little skewed because I was there on a business lunch and my boss was probably dropping at least $700 so were treated very nicely. Our waiter was...kind of strange though, he kept touching my shoulder while talking or putting food down. Escalated from strange to creepy by the end of the lunch, but I'm sure he wasn't everyone's waiter, so don't worry about that!
Sundance steakhouse is an excellent choice for good food and ambiance that won't set you back too much (if you participate in the Passport Unlimited program). They have an extensive wine list and a great variety of steaks and seafood. The ambiance is good and reminds me of a restaurant you might eat at in Vegas. The only downfall is parking. Sometimes the lot is full and you are forced to park on the side street (or on El Camino).
If you feel like semi-splurging on your food, then Sundance is the place to go. I've only been here for lunch (both times our co-worker treated us after closing a deal..yippee) so I'm not sure how much more expensive dinner is. If you happen to go, ask for Alfredo. He is an awesome waiter!!! Standouts for me are the crab cakes. Probably the best crab cakes I've had. The prime rib was really good the first time but on the second visit, my medium prime rib came out well done. Waiter Alfredo was totally on it and even though I didn't want them to make me a new meal, he had the ktchen make me comp'd order to take home!! And on top of that, he gave us a delicious creme brulee on the house as well!!
Had an excellent time here for my wife and friends co-birthday dinner. The suggested pinot noir from the waiter was great, and the five of us shared two bottles worth. Four of us ordered their New York Steak special of the night which while we ordered the suggested medium-rare, actually came out medium, but still tasted great. My wife had the prime rib with lobster tail, the lobster tail was ginormous, however, the prime rib itself was good, but not great. I was too stuffed for any desert though a couple complimentary items were brought over for the birthday people. Overall this place is great and I would definitely go back, though I'll have to remember is to ask for my steak rare instead of medium-rare here. Also it does get a little crowded, as I think they try to fit in more tables than they can really hold, so you'll often be rubbing elbows with the people at the table next to you.
5 stars for service!! I've been to Sundance twice now and everyone from the hostesses to the wait staff were excellent!  Great place for steak or prime rib, and their clam chowder is amazing (possibly better than anything I've had at Fisherman's Wharf haha).  And hot bread out of the oven for starters is a definite plus. Last night I was there our food took awhile to come out since there were a couple large parties and our server kept bringing samplers for us to try.  When our food came, it was delicious, I got the filet mignon and my boyfriend got the prime rib, mine was better, tender, juicy and so flavorful.  The fries were really good as well! Definitely a great place to bring a date or the family, regardless the experience will be a good one.
Prime rib? Is that you calling my name?!!??!? It's been a long time old friend.  Although, it has been a while, I will be visiting here soon and will have have an update on if it is still to my standards or not. From what I can remember, I've had their lobster bisque and clam chowder (one of the best I've had) and both do not disappoint.  Their fried mushrooms are awesome, but you should have another person who likes mushrooms to help out in devouring the goodness.  It's quite a bit. Then of course the prime rib...is that you calling my name yet again??!? It seems to like to play with my emotions.  In the final moments, you must ALWAYS save room for dessert. Ohhhh, mud pie...you muddy, muddy goodness you.  Just the right balance of it all. So I've been here a few times...service was great, but I wanted to point out two times that I was very impressed. 1) I went here with some coworkers and of course we were still college students on a budget.  So we opted for their largest option for prime rib and they were very nice enough to actually split it three ways rather than one priced plate each.  It didn't go this way at first, but our waiter heard us chattering away and offered.  I was very impressed. 2) Got a clam chowder to go.  Trust me when I say it's pretty good.  I love bread with my soups.  Usually you get a small chunk of bread with your soup at any restaurant, but I think the waiter noticed that I'm quite the dipper and decided to give me a surprise.  A whole HALF A LOAF of bread.  Oh you dear, dear fella.  You made my night!
Talk about luxury with a touch of home. This place was great. I'm glad I picked this place for our company's Christmas dinner. The outside is small and parking is not too much to be desired however the service and the food makes up for it. I got myself a 11 oz filet mignon because guest what I wasn't paying for it so why not. It was cooked exactly as I had wanted which was  medium rare. I can't say enough about it and the bill didn't came out that bad for 16 people. It was under 100 per person and that included tip.
Beyond DISAPPOINTMENT!!!  I left here feeling like I should have told every single person (on loudspeaker) dinning there that night what a HUGE no balls, no principal, karma should have bitten Mr. A$$hole-Sundance OWNER right where the SUN don't shine nor  DANCE like a long time ago!!  If you've eaten here before, this guy is mostly taking your money for granted and will never even recognize your face!  If you have ever had a bad experience here, I can guarantee the OWNER would not give rat's azz about it! So what happened?  Well picture this...if you want to feel what my family and I went through this Christmas Eve ... Call and make reservations a couple months back for your Christmas dinner, reserve your favorite table for a party of 6 including kids and out of town guest.  Confirm the reservation 3 times before the day of the dinner including a final confirmation for the specific table and time an hour before you get to the restaurant. Finally get to the restaurant 20 min before the reserve time only to have the Manger come over to tell you that your table is no longer available when you arrive .  He tells you that the Owner has friends in town and that your the table that you reserved months back and confirmed for is no longer available end of story, no apology.  Basically tough shizzo!  Stand there dumbfounded for a minute because you can't believe you just got majorly screwed and your guest are about to arrive with hungry kids.  Not to mention it's X-mas Eve so good luck finding another restaurant during the dinner hour rush.  So I requested to speak to the Owner myself but Mr. Owner still doesn't have the balls to come and speak to me directly let alone apologize for the whole ordeal. In the meantime, the Hostess apologizes to us and tells us that she herself wasn't even informed of the changes until we after we had arrived. She was genuinely apologetic and expressed to me what the Owner did was wrong..  The Manager later also agreed that what happened was also not cool.  Bottom line, it's not only about the stupid table, it's about the principal.  If he had just told me the honest truth that he was going to give up our table ahead of time due to whatever excuse, I may not be writing this god awful truth review.  Not only does Mr. Sundance, not give a hoot about his customers, he will blatantly insult his employees in front of them and the customers. So as someone who finds weasels like Mr. Sundance appalling and gutless, I approached himself, politely asking him what the hell was going on with our table.  This A$$hole comes at me like I'm the one with the eff'in problem and then goes on to insult his employees, telling me that the confirmation that they made with me is invalid because they are 'only hourly employees'  WTF?  What era are we in?  Not only does Mr. Owner lack morals, he wants to fire his employees for his poor judgment?  I know the economy is bad but why would anyone work for such as prick?  It makes me think if people are willing to give up their dignity for employment these days? Long story short YELPERS, there are way TOO MANY restaurants in the Bay Area, there' s NO NEED to support a place where the SUN should never DANCE!!  I'll NEVER give this place a dime of my money and I certainly will NEVER dine here again and I hope you won't either!!!
I really wish I could give this place 5 stars.  The service was superb; our waiter was impeccably attentive as well as entertaining, but not to the point of interrupting our meal.  He even threw in a complimentary creme brulee and after-meal beverages.  Bravo for the service! For our appetizer, we ordered the iced oysters from Washington state. I could tell it was fresh because of the sweetness of the oyster, but my friend and I agreed that it wasn't the best we've had.  I wish they had cleaned the shells a little more because I kept getting pieces of oyster shell in my mouth. My friend and I split the Prime New York strip, medium rare, with Whiskey Peppercorn sauce.  Our waiter said he grew up on a beef farm and it was the best he ever had. "Almost as tender as a filet mignon, but with the flavor of a prime rib", he said.  Instead, we got a medium steak that was tough and the flavor was just ALMOST there. It could have been because we split the steak and it was over-seared, but in any case we were pretty disappointed. To compliment the steak we shared a half bottle of Chateneuf-du-Pape '05. Since it's a half bottle, it ages 2x as fast. So it was almost like drinking a 12 year-old wine.  The nose was fragrant--a fruity floral with some tanning notes to keep it sophisticated. The wine itself was smooth and beautiful, like drinking nectar. And the finish was long, but balanced with no sourness. As our sides we had the beefeater tomatoes and garlic mashed potatoes.  Tomatoes were a little bland, not as fresh as I'd hope for.  Garlic mashed was very garlic-y, but a little on the salty side. For dessert, creme brulee. Egg-celent!
Please DO NOT EAT HERE... Doesn't matter if the food is good or not, the owner of this restaurant is very unethical. First of, this place does not even deserve one star at all (I would give it a negative five stars if possible). The owner of this restaurant is rude, uncivilized, unethical and EVIL. We had made a reservation MONTHS ahead of time for a fireplace sitting on Christmas eve (we had ate here for Christmas eve for the past 2 years) and prior to our arrival, I had called in 3-4 times to double check the time and location of our seats. We got there, checked in, and 10 minutes later, the manager came and told us there has been a "miscommunication", that the table has actually been pre reserved for another party, we thought that it was really suspicious since we had made reservations many months in advance, had called in several times to check if we had the fireplace seating, and 2 hours before the reservation confirmed with the hostess. Later on, we came to realize that the owner basically 'bumped' us off the reservation to make way for his friends at the last minute. He was NOT at all apologetic when my gf approached him, he basically told us it was not their problem, that he didn't care what she thinks, and even talked down to his employees at the restaurant (said they're nobody and easily replaceable). Some of his poor employees apologized and agreed that what he did was wrong, and that they did not know about this 'change' till the last minute as well. Basically, a simple sincere apology would have suffice for us. But he was just so rude about it and didn't even care that he ruined our family Christmas dinner. Very very disappointed!
3.5... Top 5 Bad Things about this restaurant: 1.  It was too dark. 2. We waited 2 hours for our steak.  Two parties who came after us got their order first. 3.  The waiter lied and said it was taking too long because the cut of the filet mignon is "thick."  When we complained, he 'fessed up and said the cook accidentally gave away our steaks. 4.  The steak was good, but I'd rather drive to Ruth's Chris. 5.  The food was pricey. Top 5 Good Things: 1. The darkness made it romantic. 2. The waiter made up by giving us extras--- two extra soups, two extra sides. 3.  He gave my bf a birthday dessert with a candle to top upon finding it was a special occassion.  Good thing he didn't start singing though.  My bf was already peeved off from all the waiting 4.  The extras--- the lobster bisque, the cheesy spinach, the mushrooms, and the mud pie were the best part of the restaurant. 5.  We never had to wait to get our glasses re-filled.
Went here for a birthday dinner of 10+.   I ordered their $24 so-called "Award-Winning Slow-Roasted" petite cut prime rib.  I must say this was prob 'the' least flavorable piece of prime rib that I have ever had anywhere.  It wasn't even salted properly.  Of course the bf went and ordered the 12oz House Cut for $6 more.  He barely even touched it. Everything else fell into the 'standard affair' category - clam chowder, ahi tuna starter, baked potato with fixings, etc.  For a place known for their steaks/meats - this place fell way below the satisfaction bar for many of us.  With the $100+ tip the waiter made on us, I could've bought a prime rib from Costco and made something tastier...
Feeling carnivorous? Get your nom on here for LOTS of meat. We came here for a birthday dinner. There was 5 of us and they sat us at a table that was more for 4, with 1 tacked on the head/tail of the table. Less surface area for food and drinks. ::Food:: So, I had looked at other yelp reviews to see what was good to order. At the time, 50+ reviews mentioned the prime rib (which they are known for and won awards for) while ~17 mentioned the filet mignon. I went for filet mignon with the garlic mashed potatoes. In all, our table ordered 3 prime ribs, 1 rib eye, and 1 filet mignon. We also got a side of the mushrooms and creamed spinach. The mushrooms were really good. The creamed spinach was alright. The steaks all came out as ordered (neither undercooked nor overcooked). The filet mignon was the most tender and delicious. The rib eye was good. The prime rib was ok, kinda tough to chew. I'd rank the meats like this: 1. Filet Mignon 2. Rib Eye 3. Prime rib The garlic mashed potatoes were good and the fresh veggies were good. They have a nice wine selection. After the table was cleared up, the server brought out a piece of mud pie w/ice cream for the birthday person. We were stuffed, but it was delicious. :: Ambiance :: Dark, very soft environment (not loud and crazy). A nice place for date night, or a business meeting, or a relaxing meal. :: Service :: Our server was very attentive. While we took a long time to decide, she was leaning against a near by enclosed wine casing. Food is good, ambience is good. It is a bit pricey, but its a quality steakhouse, what else would you expect? The entree sizes are pretty big, we ended up with a lot of leftovers. Seriously, I think the ribeye was listed at 24 oz or something.
My Saturday night dinner plans: Location: Palo Alto Cuisine: Steak Time: 5:30pm Not exactly what this San Francisco loving, healthy/vegetarian leaning, late eating yelper had in mind. But it was Grandma's 80th birthday, and I was going wherever she was going. Don't think I wasn't skeptical/bit fussy on the way down, cause I was. I just figured I'd have a simple salad, call it a late lunch, and snack later on. That would have been a massive mistake. Sundance was exceptional, one of my favorites of the year. Not just because the family was enjoying themselves, including the all important birthday girl. But the food and service were simply outstanding. If you're like me and lean turkey, chicken or veggie, give it up for a night. The teriyaki beef skewers were absolutely amazing. Mom and sis each had that, and I was lucky they were willing to trade some for a few bites of my halibut. I liked my fish. I loved their steak. Complementing the meats were warm and delicious bread, the ripest, freshest slices of tomatoes, veggies, and a salad or soup. Grandma went with the soup, a clam chowder they are well known for. She loved it enough to ask to take some home. Our server generously obliged. Speaking of the server, he was just exceptional. Friendly, warm, knowledgeable and accommodating, he helped make the night. From the gratis soup, to sneaking me a side of house teriyaki sauce, to putting in a special request for steamed veggies (instead of buttered), to recommending outstanding, reasonably priced wine, to making my mom rather happy by volunteering to take multiple family shots with the digital camera, he was splendid. I hope my stepdad tipped well (and thanks for dinner James!). Last but certainly not least, the night was capped with a medley of desserts, complete with candles and a very off key rendition of "Happy Birthday". Get. The. Mud. Pie. Now. Wow. All three healthy eaters at the table - me, sis and mom - went back for second bites, third bites and a few more bites. So many good memories on a night meant for celebration. I think the one that will linger longest is everyone saying goodbye, and seeing Grandma, slightly tipsy after her irish coffee, grabbing my stepdad for a goodbye hug and telling him how thankful she is that he made my mom so happy. I think she was talking about 10 wonderful years of marriage (so perfect it even makes this skeptic believe a healthy and happy marriage is possible), but she very well could have been talking about how much mom enjoyed dinner. She'd be speaking for all of us. Happy 80th birthday Grandma!
The servers are all men, the hostess is a young blond, the meat is bloody, and you can't see past the end of your steak knife. Simpler time I suppose...
I have yet to discover a memorable steakhouse in Palo Alto or the Peninsula and unfortunately Sundance is the best of the mediocre bunch. The dining area is a little more packed than I like, but the design is what you would expect for a Palo Alto restaurant that caters to the deeper pockets (dark and rich woods, dim lighting, etc.); I suspect regulars are the Stanford elite or those who belong to the local hunting and/or country clubs. You won't feel robbed when you walk out of Sundance, but the food won't blow you away either.  Surprisingly, their Cobb Salad is one of the best I've ever had.  However, if you want the Surf & Turf, make sure the bill is on the company's dime; it will definitely taste better!
UPDATE:  22MAY07 Dinner here tonight 05/22/07 with essentially the same group of colleagues, I ate with at MacArthur Park.   Excellent food and service.   I've upgraded my review from 3 STARS to 4 STARS. --- Review from 12/08/06: A good steak house.  Probably deserves 4 stars, however, it's been years since I've been here, so I can't comment accurately.  I wish we had come here instead of MacArthurs (see my review: http://www.yelp.com/biz/... ) also in PA. --- Pros: + Cons: - Parking can be a challenge as the lot is fairly small. - Yes - it's very DARK! - Noisy - It's hard to have a nice quiet conversation. Overall Sundance is an excellent choice over MacArthur Park, Gullivers, or the House of Prime Rib.
Management is sliding...... down.. hill. Place is great.. management weak.
Started with a gibson and manhattan.  If you are going to a steakhouse, you start and end with... Read more 
I think it's a rule at steak houses that they serve you in as little light as possible.  I think the prices are well in line with what you are getting.  $28 for a 12 oz prime rib with a potato (fried, baked, mashed) and some vegetables.  The prime rib met our expectations, though I would have preferred something a little juicier.  The baked and mashed potatoes were both decent as well.  Nothing to write home about (but worth writing to Yelp about apparently).  The vegetables were super blah.  Basically just steamed.  I know they've got a grill.  It would be nice if they grill blasted the broccoli or anything that would've added flavor. The service was pretty good.  Our waiter was really friendly and chatty.  He told some off-color jokes to the table next to us.  I didn't mind too much, just surprised.  Sadly he did forget my order for lobster bisque, but at least he didn't put it on our check.  I would've said something if it wasn't for the fact that the prime rib came out 3 minutes after we put in the order.  Guess it doesn't take long for them to cut off two slices of medium rare. I think where Sundance tries to hang their hat is on their wine list -- specifically the cabernets.  It's quite extensive and expensive.  If there happens to be a next time, I'll just suck it up and pay the $15 corkage fee.
Upon entering steakhouse I expect several things: impeccable service, dim lighting, steak with assortment of interesting and tasty sides on the menu. I pretty much am braced to expect high prices for fairly small cuts of steak.  As with most men, BBQing properly marinated steak is one of the tastier and easier things I've been able to make.  Why pay 30 dollars for someone to do what you do in your backyard all the time? I don't go to steakhouses often, but did visit Sundance with the family for my Father's birthday.  We took along a 10 year old bottle of Pinot that we picked up from Bounty Hunter some 6 years ago.  The Pinot was light and delicate, perhaps not the best match for Prime Rib.  Oh well. I opted for their "signature" Prime Rib with rice pilaf and a side of Sauteed Button Mushrooms.   I can't stress the Sauteed Mushrooms enough.  When eating a steak or prime rib, you have to keep it real with the delicious sides. Even after devouring the girly-man 10oz cut and all my sides.  I decided to give my stomach a thrashing and have a couple scoops of Haagan Dazs. The food was great, ambiance was nice, service was good, parking could be better.  In the end, Palo Alto is a  bit of a drive from Danville.  Maybe if I was in the area and craving prime rib...
Whoa, what happened?  I remember this place being great in college, but we went here yesterday before a concert at Stanford and received two entrees of extremely underseasoned meat.  The hell? The baked potato was enormous and perfectly done, I'll give them that. Take this as you will, but based on what we got and the prices we paid, my dining companion said he'd rather go to Outback than go back here.  Ouch.
We liked the place at first but i regret coming back. Christmas eve was spoiled just because we picked Sundance. I do not appreciate anyone's attitudes for whatever reason.  No matter how popular restaurant is, every customer has to feel appreciated and respected. Minimum. I will not come back there. Eek.
Went there for my Bday, left very happy. My fillet mignon was very soft, literally melted in my... Read more 
Meh. I really wanted to enjoy my meal. I had high hopes. I even saved my bonus money to come here with my boyfriend since we're such huge steak lovers. Perhaps Bobo's, Peter Luger's, and Jocko's have spoiled us. But we were not impressed. First, it took over half an hour to get our food. While the sourdough bread they started us with was delicious and hot, we were getting tired of waiting for our main courses. I ordered the 7 oz filet mignon, medium rare, with sliced tomatoes. It also came with steamed broccoli and carrots. The carrots and broccoli were as expected (after all, they are steamed), and the tomatoes were fresh, but my steak didn't have as much flavor as I was hoping, despite being in a cabernet mushroom sauce, and it was not as tender as other filets I've had. I also ordered a side of  button mushrooms, and to me they just tasted oily without any flavor. My boyfriend ordered the rib eye, and he didn't finish even half of it. It was flavorless. He also barely touched his baked potato. He liked the mushrooms more than I did though. Very disappointing meal. The decor and ambiance were definitely steakhouse, but the meal left a lot to be desired. I left still wanting more.
If the inky blackness of this dining room allows them to grow the amazingly fresh jumbo mushrooms they use in their mushroom tempura, then I'm all for it. Otherwise, you know a restaurant is maybe a wee too dark when the staff is constantly tumbling all over their own feet and bumping into one another, they carry little flashlights to light floor in front of them, and you've been seated ten minutes and narrowly escaped having two large trays of drinks and appetizers and a heavy wine-bottle-turned-pepper-grinder dropped on your head.  Maybe mining helmets would be in order? My prime rib was good, but not quite as buttery tender as one I had in Wichita Falls a few weeks ago.  I was actually more in love with my baked potato which was freaking perfect.  They need to take the sirloin off the menu and replace it with a ribeye.  Why have a strip *and* a sirloin?  No steak place is complete without a ribeye. We'll be back but it's more for those damn mushrooms, which are addictive
Tonight was a first for me, at least for a while.  I haven't been on a double date in a long time, especially with my eternal single friend Casey.  Technically, it's not a double date because I'm married, but close enough. Since he's a big baller balla shot caller ( inside joke ), we went to Palo Alto's Sundance the steakhouse.  I was told it was a casual place, but I visited the website to double check.  The page metions an 'upscale' restaurant, so I brought a change of clothes for a nice dinner.  The higher prices (compared, let's just say, to Claim Jumper) also reflect a nicer place.  Good thing I checked. We walked in and there were hostesses in cocktail dresses.  Thank goodness I didn't show up in baggy jeans and an old navy sweatshirt.  I guess it wouldn't have mattered too much, the place was very 'romatically' dim. Our waiter was kinda quirky.  We all decided to share a bottle of wine (well, not my prego wife of course!) and he checked all of our ids with a little credit card sized magnifying glass with light.  I guess I don't look 30 yet, yay. I ordered the prime rib, my wife had a salad with potatoskins, K to the C had steak and his date, ( just so I don't embarrass her I'll call her 'Tiffany') had a petite cut of the prime rib.  BTW, the difference between the std cut of prime rib, 12oz, and the petite cut is like 4 bucks ($26 vs $30) so why not supersize. Though I try to be sophisticated and order the prime rib medium rare, I think I would enjoy it more medium.  It wad nice though, very soft and tender, they cooked it just right.  The au jus is pretty good too. For dessert me and my 'date' shared a creme bruler (sorry, I don't have the accent marks) and the others had the cheesecake.  Both tasty! It was fun, we lost track of time and chatted until 11pm.  If you want to impress your date, or your beautiful wife =), come to this steakhouse.
Sundance continues its reign as my favorite steakhouse in the bay area.  So far I've tried my top 3 steaks here and each and everyone of them met my high expectations.  Most recently I ordered the New York Strip.  Excellent piece of meat, grilled perfectly with a nice, subtle whiskey-based sauce that I was uneasy about at first (I like my grilled steaks w/o any sauces). Great service and great food @ Sundance again. 5 stars.
Went again last night.  Good thing I had a reservation...this place was still busy on a Wednesday... Read more 
We were celebrating Chuck K's birthday and they picked the restaurant, established in 1974.  I was worried it'll be a bad experience just cuz I hadn't read any good reports on chowhounds, but Yelpers seemed to like it.  I was quite happy with the entire experience though. Parking lot is kinda small and I was a bit worried we wouldn't find a spot in the back but we did at 6:15pm on a Sat. night. Chuck had made reservations for a table of 12  and they put us in a private area in the back with a long table for 12.  It was nice, though hard to really talk to people unless you got up and walked up and sat next to them.  Room is kept chilly, A/C all night long. Some people got drinks, everyone got free ice water refilled often.  Then we got an sample appetizer.  Since I don't eat fried items didn't get to try most of it, but ppl seemed to like it.  B. and I got our own order of the seared ahi tuna sashimi which we enjoyed ($13.95). Then warm bread was brought out w/ butter.  They had also olive oil w/ balsamic vinegar too.  Nice. We also got a cup of the New England Clam Chowder to share.  We really liked it.  Creamy, warm, full of potatoes, and clams.  Good w/ the bread. For entree I got the prime rib medium rare 8 oz w/ au jus & creamy horseradish served aside, also got garlic mash potatoes as my starch.  It also comes with a few broccoli and sliced carrots.  $23.95.  Prime rib was ok, au jus was nice, garlic mash-not garlicy enough for me, veggies forgettable.  A side of mushrooms were just ok. Dessert-I picked the strawberries w/ grand marnier $7.75.  I liked the fruit, the sauce didn't care for. Also got a glass of Bonny Doon's Vin de Glaciere-Dessert wine.  It's a good sweet glass of ice wine.  Recommended.  About $7.75 Overall, I'd recommend the restaurant.  Oh, another good point they have reception candy, matchbox, and wrapped toothpicks on the way out. They have both men and women bathrooms.  Women had at least 4 stalls, 2 sinks.   Credit cards taken.
3.5 stars. Went to Sundance the Steakhouse with Henry L. last night.  Had their signature dish, the prime rib.  It came with a choice of potato (I had a whole baked one with everything on top - bacon, chives, sour cream), some very non-memorable steamed veggies, and really yummy sour dough bread. The prime rib was slow cooked for 8 hours so it was perfectly medium rare all through out without any area being over cooked.  It was a nice cut of meat, but it was a bit dry and I definitely used up all my au-jus and horseradish. The service was great, our guy was friendly and attentive.  He over poured my wine the last time forcing me to finish much more than I would have liked (we corked it right after that pour!), not a huge negative, but he was also the one who said we should keep our cork so we can bring home the rest of the bottle. :D Price is what you would expect for a steakhouse.  WAY, way too dark though, which is not something I like.  May go again but I can cook up a mean piece of standing rib roast myself so may just do that next time.
Dined here recently, in anticipation of bringing a group here later this year. Nice ambience, decent service, decent steaks, uninspired sides. Couldn't even taste any garlic in the garlic mashed potatoes, which were caky, rather than fluffy. They do have one of my favorite wines on their list, a Martella Syrah, which is a plus when dining alone (to be able to order a glass). When dining with a group, I'd be bringing my own wine anyway, so the list would be irrelevant at that point. Despite the name "steakhouse," the emphasis is clearly on their prime rib offerings and only a few basic steak offerings are on the menu. As I recall it was three different types of filets, a New York and a Rib Eye. A couple of weeks after eating here, I dined at Alexander's in Cupertino. Talk about moving up to the big leagues! Beyond the shared classification of steakhouse, there is no comparison to be made. For about the same money, and only a few miles away, Alexander's is far and away the better choice.
It's a steak house so I went in fully expecting the meal would not be a light one.  However, I was overwhelmed by the mass amounts of butter in the food.  The halibut was drowning in butter sauce.  Again, I expected a huge slab of butter on my potato but there had to be a full cube - so much it couldn't melt and I had to scoop out mounds of it.  The fish was fresh and cooked well but both of our dinners were overshadowed by butter-based sauces.  I'd recommend ordering sauce on the side. Hey guys - step away from the Paula Dean cookbook! The ambiance is okay - typical dark steakhouse, on the old-fashioned side. On a positive note, the girl serving us was very nice and attentive.
meh food. super slow service. over priced. my steak was so dry and hard to chew. would choose another place given the choice
Sundance is a great steakhouse with a great wine selection. When talking steakhouses, one has to compare them to the other competitors like Birks, Morton's and Ruth's Chris. Sundance's ambiance is superior if you're looking for a dark, quiet subdued isolated environment. Every table is reasonably well isolated from every other table and there is no feeling of sitting in on everyone's conversation. However, where Sundance steal's the show is in their overall dining experience. The appetizers are excellent and varied, the desserts are fantastic, and the sides extremely tasty. In addition, unlike many steakhouses, there are dishes that are not steak that are also very good. For example, the seared ahi-tuna is among the best seared ahi-tuna anywhere. This is important if you are eating with a group of people not all of which love steak as much as you. Sundance surely deserves my 5 stars! The food was great, its service was excellent, and I finally found a place that serves great prime rib...
Where I go for steak when I'm in the Bay Area. Top drawer and top dollar - obviously I'd send back anything that wasn't perfect. Not surprisingly, everything here always *is* perfect, from the service to the meal. Last time I went with a couple of guys and we acted like ... guys. Hung in the bar until our table was ready, then proceded to eat, drink, and be (and flirt with) merry. You'd think we owned the place. Staff is exemplary, food is exceptional, absolutely nothing to complain about except it's popular (which means I don't always get my favorite table) and it's dark (cuz I'm getting old and light helps me to read). Dark old world charm (and if you're a Stanford grad you gotta love the memorabelia - I'm not, but it definitely adds to the charm). If you want a high end spendy wood paneled old world classy world class dining experience go here. If you don't understand them fancy words then please stay the heck away! =;^)
We ordered our food from here for delivery via http://waiter.com . The food was excellent. Perfectly cooked steaks, great bread. I've also gotten take-out from them. I came here today for the first time for dine-in. This is one of the few restaurants that really gets it. They have the "it" factor that I'm always looking for. Of course the food and drinks are excellent, I wouldn't bother coming if the food wasn't top notch. Great presentation also. The staff, from the bartenders, to the hostess, waiter, servers, and other staff are really at the top of their game. Clearly this is one restaurant where the management understands that everything should be about the customer. There is a top-to-bottom excellence in customer service approach here that really makes this a unique dining experience. The service is so good that you don't even notice it. Your drinks are always full but you don't remember getting refills. The waiter comes to check on your table right when you need something, not too much and not too little. If you like steak and want a really special night out, you have to come here.
I have been to Sundance 1.5 times. Why the 0.5 you might ask? Well...the first time I came to Sundance was around 8 years ago when I was just 16 years old. It was before our Sadies Hawkins dance and my date and I, along with 4 couples, came here for dinner. I think one of my friend's mom recommended this place. Anyways, apparently my date did not realize how expensive Sundance is (for a high schooler who lives off mom and dad) and decided to just order an appetizer for both of us to share!!! I was mortified but didn't say anything. So needless to say, not the greatest experience!! Anyways, fast forward 8 years, I came to Sundace last month with a date. We had the artichoke appetizer which was quite messy but the dipping sauce was superb. I ordered the petite size of the prime rib which was still huge! The meat was juicy and succulent, the outside portion was very flavorful. I had rice pilaf on the side which might have been even more delicious than the prime rib. I like how Sundance is very dark inside, for some reason the darkness makes things seem a little more intimate and special. I would like to go back and try the filet mignon and some other dishes. I give Sundance 3.5 stars because I am still somewhat traumatized from my 0.5 experience.
Been hittin the bar here once every few months and I only have the calamari. Its the best I've ever had at any restaurant hands down. The bartender's name is Ozzie. Ask for him, very nice down to earth guy and makes excellent Martinis. I had one last time on the down low. I usually order Anchor Steam and they have that on tap.. Come early and let traffic die down..
A great meal. Parking lot is cramped and was packed. However, given our reservations we were seated promptly. The waiter was friendly and helpful. The meal was great. The lobster bisque was awesome and so were the steaks. I had one medium rare - never before have I had a steak that has looked uncooked, however, it was done perfectly and was quite good. The other steak was top-sirloin and I have to say that's what I'll order next time. Look forward to going back. Not a cheap place but well worth it if you're going to dish out money for an awesome steak joint.
UPDATE 8/27/07: Try the salmon too! It's delicious! If you're a carnivore then you're in heaven at Sundance. This place serves really good filet mignon and prime rib! The service is awesome but the restaurant is a bit too dark for me. You can get the regular horseradish sauce or the special raw horseradish for your prime rib. Both are strong so beware! I also highly recommend the seared ahi sashimi appetizer. It's YUMMY! For dessert, my favorite is the fresh berries with grand marnier sauce or the mud pie.
This is the place that got me hooked on NY Steak and Guinness. That combo is so good here that it's almost an addiciton. There was a point where I was here every Thursday for a number of years . Of course when you do something like that, you get see how consistent the restaurant really is. You always are started with a loaf of freshly baked sourdough bread and butter.  Among my appetizer favorites are the crab cakes, potato skins, or the sauteed sea scallops. The prime rib, filet mignon and t-bone are all excellent but I always return to my tried and true NY. My steak is always a perfect medium rare, topped with a green peppercorn sauce, while accompanied by the rice pilaf, asparagus and carrots. For those special occasions, there's the choice of adding wonderful selections of seafood such as lobster and prawns to your steak entree. If you choose they make a great entree themselves. For drinks they offer an extensive wine and martini list, plus a number of other libations. Finally, if I'm feeling a dessert urge then I add on the best mud pie in the bay area. The decor is what you'd expect from a classic, upscale steakhouse. Very traditional, dimly lit, with dark wood interiors and plush booths and tables. The service is nothing short of impeccable. Of course if you've gone as many times as I have, you get to know the staff and the service just gets better and better upon each visit. It goes to say that I'm biased in my review but I've found a truly excellent restaurant and unless they prove themselves otherwise I'll be returning for years to come.
I don't normally review restaurants, usually like to stick to bars and record stores, but Sundance gets its stars mostly for absolutely amazing prime rib. Holy Moly, it's great. As a bar, it's a nice, dimly-lit, higher-end affair. I'm more of a dive bar person, but for a nice night out with a significant other, you could do a lot worse. Alfredo has been my bartender on my last two visits, and he helps make the place unforgettable with friendly conversation and a perfect vodka martini. I only make it to Palo Alto on business, and Sundance gives me something to look forward to amidst all the hassle.
Excellent food and a very friendly and great service by Al S. Make sure you have Al as your server. He is the best of all in the restaurant.
Expense accounts don't always allow for a splurge at Alexander's and Sundance is a great alternative, especially since we're able to take advantage of a company perk which allows us one free entree for every entree ordered (or equal or lesser value). For some reason, I've never had the prime rib here. Yeah, yeah, I know the words PRIME RIB are etched into the side of the building and that's what Sundance is known for. Oddly, I always end up ordering a cut of filet mignon and it hasn't disappointed me so far. One of the last times I came here with colleagues, it was midweek (perhaps a Tuesday) and the place was packed!!!! I thought we were in a recession, people! Nonetheless, it's great seeing a local and well-established resto still thriving during these somewhat challenging economic times.
Came for a quick dessert one evening and asked the hostess about seating.  She said that a space at the bar should open up in about 10-15 minutes, and that it was first come first served, and we were the only ones waiting.  So we stood at the entry waiting.  About 15 minutes later, she walked into the bar area, stood right in front of us with a group of three and said: "That table should open up very soon, and you should take it.  The bar is first come first served, so someone will probably try to get it from you, but you should take it."  Then she left.  It just so happened that "that table" she was pointing at was the only table even remotely close to leaving, and we were waiting for it. A bar is either first come first served, or it is seated by the hostess.  You can't have it both ways.  The hostess did not even say a word to us after that.  We have nothing against the group of three that came in, and we weren't going to fight over a table when the other group had carte blanche from the hostess, so we left. I hate this place.
We come here for the advertised Sunset Dinner Menu ($17.95), as well as early bird special between... Read more 
Great foods and service! We have been there several times, and it is always good experience. Last time we went for our anniversary, our waiter treated us to complementary desert and port. Going above beyond like that deserves five stars!
If I'm paying Morton level prices, I expect Morton style service! Reservation --- We had reservations for 7:30 p.m, but we weren't seated until 7:45 p.m. Ordering --- We sat there and waited for what felt like forever.  When our waiter finally came to take our order, he took 2 orders, then left because he was getting paged! My question is why he couldn't finish taking the other 3 persons' order before answering the page. . . .  It doesn't take that long to take 3 more orders.  Plus, they had 4 hostesses who just hung around talking to each other.  My other question is why couldn't they do whatever our waiter was being paged for? After he left, we waited for what was again forever before he finally came to take the orders from the other 3 persons in our party. I can't say exactly how long we waited to have our orders taken, but I know that we had reservations at 7:30 p.m. and our meals weren't served until 9:10 p.m.! Glass Cut --- Of course, to top of my memorable night at Sundance, I got a glass cut from my cocktail glass.  Right after the waiter took my order, I wrapped my hands around my glass and a glass sliver was wedged into my finger.  In shock, I pulled the sliver out and the blood trickling began.  Still in shock, I picked up my glass and noticed the crack on the side of my drink.  I interrupted the waiter and calmly said:  Excuse me, sorry to interrupt, but the glass just cut me and I'm bleeding.  I forgot his response, but it was definitely NOT any of these:  Can I get you a band-aid?, Can I get you another drink?  Nope, none of those.  I think it was just a dumbfounded stare. The Food --- The only thing that stopped me from running out of here screaming was the crunchy outside, but soft inside, ever so delicious sourdough!  But, it wasn't good enough for me to ever go back.  I had the Petite Cut Prime Rib with a side of creamed spinach, but it wasn't that fabulous.  It was cooked well, but I think the horrible service ruined my appetite . . .  But, I definitely think the creamed spinach at Broadway Prime is better :)
I highly recommend coming here! The food is top notch and the atmosphere is soothing. Came here last night with a friend and had a good time. She ordered the Jumbo Shrimp Linguine, which was amazing and I had the Lobster Tail... I was in heaven. They have a HUGE (not over exaggerating the least bit) wine list, ranging from $30-$$1000's. You MUST go and bring a wallet full of money to splurge!
1 star to start. Food (0.5 stars): Came here with some friends and tried the Slow-Roasted Prime Rib.  It was pretty good with my side of mashed potatoes, though it was slightly overcooked. Service (0 stars): We had a B1G1 entree coupon with us (there were three of us, so one of us was getting the shaft, regardless) and the server did not take kindly to seeing it.  After we presented the coupon when ordering, per the coupon's instructions, her entire countenance changed and I don't remember seeing her smile at us again.  We only saw her again when she gave us the check, and it was an extremely long wait for this. Value (1 star): Steaks are a little cheaper here, and combined with the coupon it was a very good deal.  The included sides such as grilled mashed potatoes stuff me like no other, so it definitely helped to lengthen the extent of the relatively small cut (8 oz. I believe). Experience (0.5 stars): Despite the iciness of our server, it was not a terrible experience.  Our food didn't take too long and the restaurant itself was very nice inside.  We were seated next to the window and there was plenty of space and lighting.  If you're waiting for a table there's an enormous amount of waiting room in the open bar area, complete with lots of small tables.  I ended up getting stuck with paying full-price for my entree but that was just bad rock-paper-scissors luck. Overall: 1.0 - Baseline 0.5 - Food 0.0 - Service 1.0 - Value 0.5 - Experience ============= 3 stars
It's incredibly dark in this place. But don't let that stop you from coming here! Went here for dinner on a Wednesday night and was able to get reservations very easily that morning, even when we ran late they were able to accommodate us without a blip. Our waiter was incredibly attentive, friendly and knowledgeable. He even brought me a tiny martini glass filled with their butternut squash bisque to make me feel special (Hubster and Hot Rob were having wine). The bisque was *divine* and I don't even like soup all that much. Our meals took a while but considering that it's a steakhouse, kinda figured that was a good thing. My prime rib was lovely (though a bit too pink for my taste) served alongside the most excellent garlic mashed potatoes. Hot Rob is a steak eating mofo and enjoyed his prime rib as well, along with the mashed potatoes and special marinated mushrooms. Hubster was pleased with the NY Strip. We didn't think we could eat anymore when the waiter said "butterscotch creme brulee" so we had to order that and some apple pie for good measure. Both desserts were heaven, done perfectly and scrumptious. We were able to linger over our meal and never felt rushed and our waters were never more than half empty. Probably one of the best levels of service I've ever experienced.
We were craving some steak and so we decided to try out Sundance. We started off with the Lobster Bisque and the Tempura Mushrooms Lobster Bisque - I think it was overrated. Instead of chunks of lobster meat, it was tiny little shrimp.  What's with that? I've definitely had better lobster bisque elsewhere. Tempura Mushrooms - They were ok. Came with 2 different dipping sauces. One was soy sauce... not tempura dipping sauce?  The other was sour cream. Sauces were horrible but the mushrooms were good with the steaks we had. For entrees we had Center Cut of Top Sirloin, 10 oz - Rather tough and hard to chew. It was ordered medium rare of course.  There wasn't that much flavor, I was so tempted to ask for some A1 sauce. Bone-In Ribeye Steak, 23 oz - Very tender and juicy. Definitely delicious! For dessert we had the White Chocolate Creme Brulee. Very yummy but didn't really taste like white chocolate. Overall this was an average experience minus the ribeye. The ribeye was great!  But the seasoning at Trader Vic's is much better.
This is my Monday night dinner spot. Even if I've a mountain of bad news, I hang here for dinner, catch MNF in the bar and order the House cut.  I get the baked potato first cuz it digests 10x better that way. I wash it down with about five regular cokes with about a dozen wedges of lime.  I like that Flemmings in the mall  just opened up and might try that as an alternative Monday night treat.
Service was questionable. We tried to close out our drinks with the bartender so we could tip him before going to our table but the bartender neglected us. The server took like 15-20 minutes to come to our table after being seated...maybe I am exaggerating but my friend was defo bugged by the service. Salads were huge but tasty and different. Prime Rib is supposed to be the best thing there but I thought it was just mediocre. Yeah....dunno about this place. Well, it didn't suck so I won't drop it below 3 stars. Interior is fancy & elegant. Location on El Camino is a little unusual and the parking lot is tiny. An accident waiting to happen if you ask me.
Haven't you heard that happy cows come from California? Well, I think there's some happy cows here b/c the prime rib was pretty bomb. I can't recall trying a fancy steakhouse in CA since I've moved here, so I was pretty excited to try Sundance since I've been told that this place was pretty awesome. Came all dressed out for the evening to match the anticipation of the evening. I was pleased with the service. The hostess that greeted us was welcoming & suggested us to wait at the bar (which we didn't have a problem with). The bartender was prompt w/our drinks & even suggested to combine our drink tab w/our dinner tab which was convenient, and we had such an entertaining old waiter dude. He reminds me of the KFC guy. HAHA. Without a doubt, you're here for their steak & prime rib. We ordered their signature meal (the petite cut which was a good portion for me) along with calamaris & their steak soup. The appetizers were decent, but their prime rib really was really good -- juicy, well served & doesn't even need additional sauces (like A-1). It felt complete w/a side of garlic mash potatoes. I had a very enjoyable evening. I was with good company, had good food & drinks; a very memorable time overall. There's definitely something happy about this place.
Possibly the best steak house I've ever been to ever. I love the dark ambience and the fire place seating is the best in the house. The hostesses can be pretty cute, which is always a major plus. The wait staff is attentive, but not over bearing. Definitely a huge plus. The steaks are fantastic, the bread is always warm and the desserts are awesome! Enough people comment on the meat, so I'll make note of the delicious sweets. The Strawberries Grand Marnier is amazing and the first dessert I ever had there. I still remember it perfectly; not too sweet, not too strong. The chocolate torte is to die for and Hagaan Dazs ice cream is pretty much the same no matter where you go. Highly recommended for any sort of celebratory meal, or if you feel like eating somewhere nice without having to drive all the way up to San Francisco.
Came here last night for a late dinner with my husband's German colleagues. I think this time it truly deserve my 4 star rating. We arrived at 8pm and was seated shortly, to a booth table in the back corner. Oh oh we got our east coast waiter, and this time I found out his name is Luke (and he recognized us!) Luke was very busy as there was a big table of 12 guys next to us. But nonetheless he took care of us, with the right amount of talking and at the perfect timing! At the end of the meal he even sang a special happy birthday song to our German guest's girl friend when he bought out the mud pie! I usually order surf & turf when I come here. But this time I decided to try their special of the night -- rack of lamb, as I don't remember they ever had that on their menu, at least in the past five years! After the first bite I was so happy and so not regretting not getting the lobster tail! The two pieces of rack of lamb were perfectly cooked, had the right amount of fat, and the grilled asparugas and red pepper slices was perfect. The potato pan cake, slightly fried on the outside, so soft in the inside, was a piece from heaven!  This meal ranks among the best rack of lamb I've ever had!
I come here so often with friends and co-workers for both lunch and dinner that I know which waiter... Read more 
This is absolutely one of the best restaurants that I've been to in PA.  The house cut prime rib was excellent as were the scallops that accompanied it.  The side sauces were a great addition as well.  Everything was full of flavor and very filling. The atmosphere was nice, the hosts were friendly, and our waitress was very friendly as well.  Our drinks were always full, and the food came out quick. My wife and I usually do not hit the high-end steak houses very often, but this place will require another visit, and soon.  Parking was easy, and while the lot is small, there is street parking right out front.  I highly recommend this place for a good date night.
This is an excellent steakhouse with wonderful food and great ambiance.  I have eaten here about 6 times and it has never diasappointed me. Love sitting at the fireside table in the lounge (bar)area if I'm early for a reservation or have to wait a few minutes for our table. I would like to go more often, but it is quite expensive, but worth it, consider it a splurge. They serve fresh, delicious, crusty bread and butter served with balsamic/olive oil & butter. It's hard not to fill up on it! Usually, we order and split the NY strip steak with a decadent cognac cream sauce and a lobster tail.  I also enjoy as appetizers the tempura mushrooms and the filet mignon springrolls.  If possible, try the lobster bisque, it is exquisite! The desserts are decadent, especially the mud pie, white chocolate creme brulee and on occasion they have a butterscotch cheesecake special that is wonderful!  Service is also top-notch, I have never had problems with the wait staff. You definately need a reservation for a weekend dinner, in fact, call a week ahead if possible, they book up!  The parking lot is very tiny and hard to navigate, with limited street parking. Definately worth a try, especially for birthdays or other special occasions or just because.
Went here on a date, it was a very nice place. The only gripe I have about the place is that it was too loud. The restaurant is not at fault though, we just happened to be seated next to a very loud party of 14. Besides that, the restaurant is a small cozy spot with dim lighting, very romantic. The steak is fantastic. I had the prime rib medium rare and it came almost rare but very warm, perfect! It was absolutely delicious. I had the oysters which were ok, and the scallops were pretty good, especially the sauce. Dessert was the torte in raspberry sauce, very rich but quite tasty. It tasted exactly like Godiva dark chocolate raspberry ice cream. Their Cabernets are quite good and go very well with the steak, the Hess especially. Great spot!
Melt in your mouth prime rib.  Like butta! Restaurant:  Too dark.  Too loud.  REALLY REALLY LOUD!!!  Awful, couldn't have a conversation without yelling really. Service:  Good, but the waiter was a bit of a smart ass.  Made lots of  "cute" comments.   I'm sure he thought he was being funny, but after about the first five they just came across as smart-ass.   But he did do a relatively good job considering the place was packed. The rest of the food was okay. Value for money:  4/5. Go back:   No.  Too dark, terrible atmosphere.  Can get good prime rib lots of places.
My parents were in town for their Anniversary on Wednesday, and they mentioned going to a Steakhouse for dinner.  I chose Sundance (due to the good reviews) and made reservations for an early dinner @5:30PM.  The restaurant was very appealing and I liked the dark atmosphere of the place.  We arrived a little early (around 520), but only waited 5 minutes to be seated.  The hostess was nice, but I didn't care for the host who brought us to our table.  He wasn't very friendly.  We were seated in a very nice and private booth. I will give props to our waiter.  He was pleasant and checked up on us throughout dinner.  Now for the food... My sister and I ordered the same dish--- the petite cut prime rib with garlic mashed potatoes and steamed veggies.  My mom ordered the same dish, but with a baked potato instead.  My dad ordered the 10oz Top Sirloin.  The food servings were quite big.  We were also served warm sourdough bread (oh so yummy) with butter and an oil/vinegar dipping sauce.  We all finished our food and were so so full!!  I wanted to order dessert, but I couldn't fit anymore food into my belly!! The price is what to be expected for a nice steakhouse.  It was pretty reasonable.  Our bill came out to $130  for the 4 of us which isn't bad for a good steakhouse in PA.  I will definitely go back and not stuff myself too much so I can try out their dessert!!
Will update this a bit later, but for now here is what I have to say. Food was outstanding! I got a bowl of their new england clam chowder and a 14oz. award-winning slow-roasted prime rib. My friends both got the 22 oz. bone-in ribeye steak. I have to say, my friend can definitely describe the clam chowder better than I can, but he helped point out it has a more "clammy" taste than let's say sweet tomatoes/soup plantation's clam chowder. It was also not a liquidy, but more creamy if that makes sense. The fresh ground pepper that the waiter gave us also added an extra nice taste/kick to it Before reading further, if you don't know what aging a steak entails, you should definitely find out. I'd love to explain it for you, but its not related to really reviewing the restaurant. Now for the prime rib. I ordered it medium-rare and let me tell you.....I think this is the best way to have it. I've had a lot of steak in my life and I can say that this was probably one of the best steaks ever (other than home-made ones by my friends). You could tell how tender the steak was by taking your knife and cutting into it. Let me say, it was like cutting jello. On top of the steak, the au jus sauce that came with it was also out of this world! Don't know how else to describe it other than it was the best au jus sauce I've ever had in my life! Lastly the service was ridiculous! Once the waiter asked if we wanted a picture taken. I guess cause he saw our camera on the table. He also came just in time before we had finished our food, so we got to take a nice picture with our food! Then later the manager even came by, and he probably saw the camera too and asked if we wanted a picture taken of the three of us. So not once but twice waiter's asked us! That has not happened to often with all the places I've gone to. Most of the time you usually have to ask the waiter. Then also when my friend left for the bathroom three times (his stomach wasn't feeling too well =[ sorry bro), the waiter would come by and fold his napkin!
This is one of my favorite restaurants in the area.  I know it's a prime rib house, but the lobster here is the BEST!!!  It's so tender and fresh and cooked to perfection each time.  Such consistency! The prime rib is also always delicious and tender, as are the filet mignon and rib eye.  The lobster bisque is very good.  The oysters are delicious!  For lunch they have juicy and flavorful burgers/cheeseburgers.  For dessert, the mud pie is to die for!!!  I haven't had anything bad here.  The quality of their food and service is consistent and fantastic every single time.
Ambiance of Sundance is great.  Parking is a bit of a challenge, but the food will be worth it.  Wedge salad was a great start.  Highly recommend the house specialty, the prime rib.  I had the 8 oz and it was outstanding.  Order medium rare.  For desert, try the New York Cheesecake. Service was great.  Very knowledgeable staff with great recommendations.
The filet mignon was pretty good. Our main waiter who served us wine was knowledgeable. The waitress who served us was a bit below the standards for that kind of place. But, still the food was good and I would go again.
First time here, pretty good experience.  Came here with my boyfriend for a V-day dinner.  The inside is dark, nicely decorated with old school sports memorabilia. The inside is very dim and romantic, you could almost call it candlelit. Crab cakes were the best crab cakes we have ever had!  Two cakes came on a bed of greens and dipping sauce.  A must if you enjoy them! I ordered the 12oz prime rib and my boyfriend ordered the 11oz filet mignon.  Prime rib was pretty amazing!  No wonder they are famous for it.  For $30 you get the 12oz prime rib with vegetables, a choice of baked potato, garlic mashed, and one other choice that i cannot remember.  For an additional $8 I added the Jumbo White Gulf Prawns, which my boyfriend and I didn't actually really enjoy.  Whatever is in the white sauce the prawns are cooked in, there was a strong alcoholic taste, perhaps sherry?  Anyways I ate one, my boyfriend ate half, and the last one was tossed.  Garlic mashed potatoes were delicious, veggies were tasty as well. Boyfriend enjoyed the filet mignon, said it was one of the best steaks he has ever had. Our server was very attentive and extremely charismatic. The only issue we ran into was there was a lipstick stain on my water glass, and I was not wearing lipstick......asked our server for a new glass, she apologized and offered us a free dessert.  Unfortunately we never ordered dessert because we were so stuffed!  Should have taken it go! Will be coming back for some more of that prime rib!
Sundance is certainly the quintessential old school steakhouse, in terms of service, ambiance and clientele.  Loads of dark wood, leather and dim light.  Service is attentive, yet reserved.  The clientele is, for the most part, older than dirt.  I ate here for lunch one weekday to celebrate a co-worker's job transfer.  We arrived a few moments before the 11:30AM opening, and lined up with a seriously geriatric set.  A mild sense of panic set in, until I saw some youngish business people show up as well. Anyway, I am not going to go into heavy detail on the meal I had.  We started with he potato skin and fillet mignon spring roll starters, the latter of which being the clear winner.  Simply put, this is a decent place for a steak and, at least at lunch, was reasonably affordable.  The 13oz NY strip with vegetable and starch is $34.  It was tender and nicely cooked (medium rare for me, please), with good flavor.  While not in the same class as other lower Bay Area standouts like Alexander's, Forbes Mill or Arcadia , Sundance offers a reliable and authentic steakhouse experience on the mid-Peninsula.
I feel so guilty rating this steakhouse with 3 stars but I really wanted to like it.  Prior to coming, I had read some of the yelp reviews and someone had wrote that you should only take dates that you really like here.  Score! Someone likes me! Anyways, upon entering, I was pretty impressed at this spot that my date had picked out.  It is pretty dark so that automatically means classy and romantic, right? I love prime rib so I figured I would go with what they are supposedly famous for.  I got the petite cut which sounds small, but for 8oz, it is quite a lot of meat.  Sadly, I just wasn't impressed with it.  I was actually disappointed that it didn't live up to my expectations.  I was expecting this incredible tasting piece of flesh, but it just didn't hit the spot.  The crab cakes that we had for starters were pretty tasty, though so I can't really complain there.
I have found a new love... Sundance... you are that amazing little gem that EVERYONE has driven past at some point and said "gee, we outta go there sometime - it looks so nice".  The exterior of Sundance really does provide you with an accurate idea of the interior decor... or at least it was exactly how I imagined it. It is dim-lit, with comfy, dark wood surroundings and that warm, fire-place lodge vibe.  While it is comfy, please don't read that as uber casual.  It's not a super fancy schmancy dress up spot - but don't show up in running shorts and crocs (actually, please don't go out in public in that outfit).  The atmosphere is vibrant and happening, yet romantic and subtle and not even a tiny bit pretentious! Rezzies were made on the phone (they start using Open Table in March), which I think was a nice touch - every now and then, take it back to the old school - pencil and a reservation book.  The hubby and I showed up early and decided to have a drink at the bar first. As soon as we sat, we were greeted by a super friendly regular and his wife - they were seated next to us at the bar and we quickly started up a conversion.  Kevin, the gentleman, provided us all the details on the history of the location.  Being a loyal customer since he was in high school in PA (now retired), he gave us the scoop on the owners (family business) and the restaurant in general ... "consistent good quality and tasting food, great customer service and just always a fun time".  Kevin's wife was just as endearing and informative about the spot as well.  After a few minutes of chat, one of the owners Galen (spelling?) showed up behind the bar.  It was obvious that Kevin knew him and explained that my hubby and I were first timers and that he should "be sure to take care of them!"...it was a sweet suggestion, but man-oh-man, did they ever!  (Thanks Kevin! *wink wink*) We were soon after seated, where we were informed our appetizer of choice was on the house - LOVE IT!  =)  We ordered the crab cakes and cup of clam chowder, both of which my hubby is a self-proclaimed connoisseur... both were absolutely divine!  Hubs proceeded to dine on a NY strip steak with a scrumptious, fully-loaded baked potato, and I enjoyed their seafood special that night - sea bass with capers, buerre blanc sauce and heavenly garlic mashed potatoes!  It was amazing - sadly we couldn't fit it all in our tummies after the chowder and apps, but it made a great lunch the following day!  I also mustn't neglect the mention their quite impressive wine list... we sipped on Flowers Pinot; a perfect compliment for both our entrees. Now, dessert... at this point I'm starting to think this place was established just to please my husband's stomach.  We were full beyond belief BUT they had Chocolate Mud Pie, which is yet ANOTHER dish that my hubby is head-over-heels in love with.  Sooo, 2 double espressos and a shared Mud Pie later - we were in fat, food baby heaven.  It's a ridiculously large portion, even to share - you could easily share this between 4 people.  We really wanted to finish but we just couldn't manage it, yet we did put in an impressive dent! Last but not least, for Xmas my hubby and I received a Passport Unlimited card (if you're unfamiliar, check it out STAT!), and this is main reason we decided to go to Sundance that night; with the card you buy one entree, get one free.  After all the amazing service we had throughout the evening, we both felt a little guilty and ghetto busting out the Passport card, but decided we had to man up and use it anyways.  Moments later our server comes back with a big smile on her face and put our fears of inadequacy at ease... turns out the owner gave these cards to everyone on the staff for Xmas gifts and that people use them all the time.  In retrospect, if a company was going to judge you for using them, then they wouldn't be offering it to begin with. Bottom line, I am SO glad we received the Passport and finally stopped in here for dinner.  Everything about that night at Sundance was perfect; I don't know how we haven't made it here before, but we will most definitely be back again!
The husband is the fan of that place. He can not live without chewing on a decent piece of  Prim rib from once in a while. The chewer says it's his best choice if he doesn't want to go all the way from our suburb comfort zone to the House of Prim rib in the City. As for myself I'll do just great without a prim rib, never liked it, never will, but joyously follow the chewer to enjoy a wonderful tender Fillet Mignon, in a restaurant that has an old school comfy charm, and an exceptional good  service. I especially like the booth setting, if its only the two of us, for its privacy feeling. My suggestion is to arrive earlier to your reservation, spend some time at the lounge, and allow the great bartenders to prepare you a great cocktail.
Ate here Friday night for the second time. Couldn't recommend Sundance enough. Extensive wine list, great ambiance, knowledgeable staff who are courteous and always on hand to offer their assistance and insight on the menu. Food .... To die for. My one main criticism is that the parking lot is small and so at peak times it can be a hassle. But this is minor issue. Everything about Sundance ensures you'll have an amazing dinner that you'll want to experience again.
Service was good, this is about the only thing good I have to say about this place. This was my second visit here.  Both times I ordered the ribeye, medium rare.  Both times it came medium well, and nothing more than an inch thick.  Maybe I have too high of expectations from what is supposed to be the best steakhouse in the area.  I was very disappointed both times.
I love prime steakhouses. Enthusiastically. So much so that some of them have taken out restraining orders against me. I liked Sundance, but they didn't serve me any _____s that made me say "that was the best _____ I've ever had." The lobster bisque is good, and to its credit has a generous amount of healthy lobster chunks. My fillet wasn't bad; the smoky, truffly reduction sauce that came with it was exquisite. My wife's swordfish was very good. Prices were below what I'd expect for a prime steakhouse. I think my disappointment was in the feel of the place... felt more like a "nice seafood" place or choice steakhouse than a prime steakhouse.  Our waitress was efficient... she put the "smiling Asian" stereotype to rest, but was quite competent and attentive, which is what's important. Here's where they miss on the atmosphere: Prime steaks shouldn't come with vegetable of the day, nor with parsley on the plate. It takes the spotlight off the steak. Most people are willing to pay for a la carte sides with this kind of meal, and that way they only get the sides they actually want. The decor is low ceilings and wood. Lots of wood. Wood everywhere. The music is 80s college billiard dive jukebox. I like Sinatra and Ellington and Crosby (Bing, not David) with steaks. Sundance featured 3-song sets from Hall and oates. Fleetwood Mac. Bee Gees. Rod Stewart. Yeah... no. Overall, good value for the money, got out of there for $50 less than I expected, but ultimately I was underwhelmed and will probably hit Fleming's next time.
Wonderful dinner tonight. Nicolai our waiter went out of his way to make sure we had the best possible meal! Many thanks to him and Sundance for making an important day better. The $11 dollar charge for Johnny Walker Black and the same for a Lemon Drop lose them a star, but if you avoid the bar you'll have a great meal!
I went here with co-workers yesterday, so since my (now former) employer was paying, I went on a bit of a splurge... We shared the two appetizer combo plates, on which I think the crab cakes (almost all-crab) and the tuna sashimi were the standout dishes. Afterward I moved on to the lobster bisque, which was not as good as last time I had it, and the bits of meat in it seemed somewhat overcooked. I ordered the filet mignon done medium rare, and it was great - tender like butter, and with a simple mushroom sauce that didn't distract from the meat flavors. I had it with a shiraz-grenache that was really nice..... for dessert, I had the  berries with grand marnier cream, which is the only dessert that gets my attention there. The service was good, and if you sit on the far end of the restaurant (turn right when you come in the door, go all the way down) there's actually a skylight of some sort that sheds more light on things.
3.5  I know I'm lame, but i went and ate something other than steak.  I had: crab cakes - 4 very fatty and delicious calamari - 4 very good clam chowder - 3 too salty for me, but is rich chicken cobb salad - 3 just bla (chicken too salty) creme brule with ice cream  - 4 very good and decadent The service I must say is awesome though.  Totally attentive and friendly.
Wonderful service, delicious food, cozy seating. Fantastic even while on a diet as the seafood is delicious.
Location is nice. Parking looked problematic, but luckily we got rock star parking. The inside is very attractive and clean. Now onto the food: I would say their steak is a step above Cattleman's, and a step below a steakhouse, like Haps in Pleasanton, where the meat is genuinely the star. Our dinner started with a huge hair in the salad. Not mine - and I know these things happen - but it just kinda grosses me out a bit. To keep it short, for the prices and the rave reviews, I guess I expected more. Their steak was just as good as Cattleman's, for twice the cost. Again, it no where near compares to a steak place like Haps, in my opinion. I'm sorry. Service was ok. Our server only carded the OLDEST person at the table, which was funny. The one thing that really bugged me was all the 'reaching' our server did for empty plates, filling up the water, etc. I was waiting for an "Excuse my reach" since I was in a deep conversation, but nope. I really did not appreciate an arm in front of my face. It was highly annoying, since he did it countless times. I guess I expected better manners, especially in a high-end place like that. I will not be back and will not recommend.
So good. And I don't even eat red meat! I usually opt for fish or one of their salads (the Cobb on their lunch menu is fantastic) and it's always great. They make their own salad dressings (bleu cheese is yum!) and unlike most steakhouses, your meal comes with side dishes. We've celebrated many a birthday, anniversary and graduations over the last 25 (!) years here, hope to continue to do so. Not a fan of the olive bread they offered on our last visit a few weeks ago. Bring back the warm sourdough!
I drove by this place for years before I decided to give it a try, and sadly I was disappointed. I had the prime rib, given that it's on the sign outside, and while good, it just didn't match up to the amount of money I ended up shelling out. For the price you're better off going to Alexander's.
I love Sundance! Their primerib is way better than House of Primerib!! The service is excellent. Never a disppointment. The atmosphere is very old-school with the shiny mahogany wood. :) The only negative thing is it's expensive but the food and service is worth it!
When you first walk in, you are greeted by the lovely hostesses and a lot of sports memorabilia from Stanford University, SF Giants, 49ers, and other local sports teams. The bar was a nice place to wait prior to dinner. We were pretty disappointed when the waiter told us immediately that they were out of prime rib. That was a Bummer because they are a steakhouse. We didn't get there that late either as we were seated at 8:30 PM  The Chilean sea bass fish special was great. I have to admit that I was a little skeptical as this was a steakhouse and I wasn't sure if they could pull off a great Chilean sea bass dinner. I will definitely say that I was pleasantly surprised. Why did I give this place 3 stars you ask? Well, I had to put it on the waiter. There were several instances when he would ask for a drink order and then forget to bring it for some time. We had to remind him several times. Two items that were ordered, an iceberg wedge and a side of tomatoes were forgotten. We asked once about both items but he finally apologized to us at the end of the meal when we asked him to cancel them. It was a bit annoying that he left those items on the check and we again had to ask to have it removed from the bill. Although the restaurant was busy, he had enough helpers that the drinks should not have been an issue. Coupled with running out of prime rib during the height of dinner service, this place was just okay. I would give it another chance in the future, maybe.
Once upon a time called the Sundance Mine Company, this restaurant knows how to serve its beef.  Prime rib is a specialty, but all steak offerings are exceptional.  The steak entrees are also not 'naked' like some restaurants, and you get a generous serving of potatoes (or rice) and vegetables along with it.  Nothing super special there, but at least it rounds out the plate. The service is consistently attentive, and the wine list superb.  They have the best 1/2 bottle list I've seen in the area, and excellent variety and quality in what they offer for their full wine list.  For some, the restaurant may be a bit too dark, but this could also be viewed as adding to the romantic ambience. I just went in September 2006, and we had a great dining experience.  Our waiter was exceptional with both recommendations and service.  We brought a nice wine to share, and he waived corkage since we were celebrating a special occasion.  While I wouldn't always expect that, I thought it was a differentiator in service, and is something that would bring us back. A pricey outing, to be sure, but worth it to satisfy the craving for steak.  If you want to splurge the Steak and Scallop combination is an excellent choice, though I don't think you can really go wrong with any steak offering.  I can't comment on the non-steak entrees, since I can't resist the steak and have not tried anything else.  If you are looking for beef and fine dining, think of none other in the area.
A Palo Alto institution.  We dined with a couple that are regulars here, so I think the service MAY have been a tad different had we come on our own. I found the interior of the restaurant cozy like a log cabin, but with a dash of class.  Watch where you're walking, as the lighting is dim. This steakhouse is up there with the rest of them, but not as elegant in feel.  The quality is right there, and although it may seem pricey, $33 for a 7 oz. petite filet, it does come with a selection of sides: baked potato or mash and veggies.  At other steakhouses, they do everything ala carte and gouge you.  So when you think of it that way it's not so bad. We had a nice $65 bottle of Cab from the Santa Cruz mountains, very smooth, and robust flavor.  Great price and worked perfectly with the filet. For dessert, none of the selections enticed us, so we asked for fresh berries and ice cream, our server was more than willing create our request above and beyond what we asked for.  The extra long dessert spoons came cold with water frozen on them. Very good filet, I can still taste the cab and meat melding with the demi glace sauce in my mouth.  I even requested for a return trip 24 hours later.
I was in town for a meeting, including dinner at Sundance The Steakhouse, in Palo Alto, on El Camino Real. The restaurant is a nice, upscale steakhouse with comfortable appointments. Thursday evening found the place overbooked, with a 40 minute wait for our party of three. We decided to stick it out, and were surprised that we were seated in 20 minutes. We started with a nice Shiraz. My appetizer was the Seared Ahi Sashimi. It was perfectly prepared, with fresh tuna's sweetness complementing the spicy soy wasabi dip. Unfortunately, the momentum gained by our appetizers were lost with a 20+ minute wait for our main dishes. No explanation was given, and things got a bit worse when my colleagues dish was delivered, then promptly removed, as the mashed potato side should have been the rice pilaf. When our main course finally arrived, I found my 10oz Prime Rib moist & delicious with a nice kick from the horse radish sauce. The garlic mashed potato side could have been a bit more garlicy. We also had the creamed spinach, that was missing that extra ingredient that would have pushed it over to sublime. Consideration was given for our wait by comping the spinach side. If service was up to the rush, I'd be inclined to add a fourth star.
Sundance has great prime rib.  It definitely holds up to its name posted outside the restaurant - "Prime Rib and Steaks".  The prime rib was so tender and perfectly flavored.  The 1-less star was for the very slow service.  Although the waiter was very nice and jokey, he rarely checked up on us.  When he took our order, it took about 30 minutes for our food to come out, and most of us (4 people) ordered sandwiches.  This isn't a good place for lunch because of the slow service.  But I would like to come here for their afternoon special 5pm-6pm specials!
2/3/2008:  Slightly re-wrote my previous review after I had dinner there last week. ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ I've eaten here several times and I like this restaurant because it's the "complete package". What do I mean by that? (1) Ambiance!  The bar is a nice place to have a few drinks while waiting for your table and they even have a little cozy nook next to the fireplace.  For dining, they have a lot of semi-private areas - you don't feel like there is some ridiculous flimsy short barrier between your table and your neighbors.  If you have a large group, you'll likely get one of their larger rooms.  The lighting is also a bit darker so it's perfect for romantic dates as well. (2) Appetizers:  They bring out some warm bread which is delicious.  We also ordered calamari and filet mignon spring rolls which were delicious. (3) Main Entree: Everytime I've been to Sundance, I've ordered prime rib because this is what they are best known for.  While the petite cut is plenty of meat for me, some of my co-workers who are self-proclaimed carnivores have ordered what was previously known as the Shareholders Cut which they finished with no problem!    You can now just specify the ounces of prime rib that you want and they will cook it for you.   (Truly a shocking sight to see twice the largest cut that is on the menu!)   The creamed spinach and sauteed mushrooms on the side were quite good as well. (4)  Sweets:  By the time dessert rolled around, I recall our table of five ordered something that we planned to share and that was a great idea since I felt like it was plenty to go around. (5) Service:  It's always been great! I would definitely recommend this place to someone who asked me about where to get a good steak.
... I'm sure,  at least I hope, this was a freak occurrence, but I still have to drop a 1 bomb because of how pointless and unnecessary this bad experience was. I went here recently with my girlfriend for a special dinner.  We arrived early maybe a bit after 6pm, ahead of the crowds.  We were shown to a comfortable nice booth and sat down to decide what to eat. I chose the middle sized prime rib dinner, and she chose the swordfish plate. The atmosphere and ambience were nice and I was looking forward to a nice meal even though this place is relatively very expensive in times past it has been worth it. When our meals came my girlfriend's swordfish with rice pilaf was absolutely to die for.  When we go out to eat we just share our food with each other, and the swordfish was outrageously good in every way. My prime rib though was first cold and dry.  Just looking at it, it looked like plastic or wax.  I took a bite and it was almost cold.  I asked the waiter and the first thing he said with his nose in the air was "this is a roasted cut of meat, it's not supposed to be really hot".  I'm glad I did not happen to have my knife in my hand at the time of that remark. My jaw almost hit the ground at the impudence and stupidity of that statement.  But he did take it back to warm it up.  When he returned I then found out that the piece of meat was aso tasteless and full of gristle as well.  By the time I was done my jaw was sore, and there were hunks of half chewed unswallowable pieces of meat all over my plate. I am not one to make a scene or complain that much unless something is just way wrong, and this seemed like the time. The contrast between our two meals was the largest I have ever seen anywhere.  How could one dish be so good and the other just be so God-awful? A manager came by - I think just by chance to ask me how the meal was, or maybe he saw my half-chewn prime rib on my place, and I tried to politely lay it on the line for him.  A+++ for the swordfish and a flat F--- for the prime rib ... supposedly their specialty.  After our waiter's performance I was not expecting anything from him, but he did say he would  investigate. It turns out that the piece of meat I got had been the last of the "batch" sitting there unclaimed since lunch, and they gave it to me hours later.  That explains the coldness and dryness, but not really the toughness or tastelessness.  I was really just dumbfounded that this could happen, and that the waiter would not have done something about it.  I really would not have been surprised to learn that it fell on the ground as well! ;-)  Just unbelievable! That this guy would admit what happened is a credit to him, but also explains just how bad it was, I mean this piece of virtual garbage should have shut this place down for a week.  Then in compensation he offered me a free dessert. I was happy that he made the effort to ask me about my bad meal, and offering me a free dessert was nice, but after having our special dinner pretty much ruined I was truly underwhelmed.  We took the dessert which was also very nice, a fruit medley kind of thing that was fresh, ripe and very tasty. On our way out the manager said he would comp me for my meal and the dessert, which was nice ... well, I'm not sure it was nice, but it was the least they could have done after an experience and a story like that.  After all the time and the backtalk from the first waiter, I just was not very happy with this place, and I should not have to argue or complain to get a place like this with prices like this and a reputation like this to do the right thing. There is no way I can tell how frequent this kind of thing is at Sundance, or why or how what happened to us happened.  I can say that most of the food was really above par and excellent, but we hit a big air pocket in terms of that first class trip that left a bad taste in my mouth and I am still angry about it. I have to honestly say I don't think this could happen very often at a place with Sundance's reputation, but neither should it ever happen at all, or be handled the way it was handled in our case either. As I say, this was so weird I had to write a review and just vent about a night that was basically ruined by a combination of one really awful dish, one awful waiter and service at what should have been a first class excellent place that we just got a mere hint of with that great swordfish, but still ended up paying quite a bit for, and even leaving an average tip. One star.
Good Service, mood lighting was a bit too dark. I would give it 3 1/2 stars if I could. A party of 9 came here for a friend's bday. We waited a little bit but got seated quickly. We had some appetizers- Calamari-quite good, and some bread. The sour dough bread was soft and fresh. The service was quite good and attentive. I had a piece of prime rib that I ordered that I thought had way too much fat attached to it. I know that prime rib is tender because of the fat but this was about 1/3 of the steak. I mentioned it to our server and he was kind enough to replace it for me with no complaints. As for the steak itself. Hmm I have to admit that I wasn't that impressed. If I had to compare it to other prime rib steak houses, I would say House of Prime Rib in SF tastes better. *OH one other thing. For some reason or another the lighting was a bit dark. In the span of 1.5 hours the lighting went from dim to semi-bright then back to dim, then bright, and back to candle light bright. It's almost like a kid was playing with the light switch.*
I don't yelp but the two hostess here that worked Saturday June 11th made our visit seem like we were in the minority because we were asian. We had reservations at 8:45 p.m. and had arrived 5 mins early. The younger hostess had told us it would be a 5 min wait to only find out that we stood in that lobby for 35 mins to get a side table in the back with poor service. Not only was it our anniversary but was ruined by the fact that Sundance was racist towards us. I even emailed management before writing this review in hopes they could be apolagetic for the service that night but until now I have not heard from management. Thank you Sundance for proving that there is still ignorance in the bay area.
Setting:  Romantic, very dark.  Better for dates than a night out with the guys.  Nice bar area, with TVs for sports.  Bathroom rocks for the guys...while doing your business, you can read the sports page on the wall! Food:  I love steak...and I didn't like this one.  I dunno, too normal I guess.  Seemed like it was just cooked w/o marination (is that a word?), and you're just given some au jus for flavoring.  So the taste was kinda bland.  However, the garlic mashed potatoes ruled!  The price...too much for the steak we had (~$35/pp). Service:  Our waiter was very nice, very involved.  He talked and shared some jokes.
This is the kind of place that Gordon Gekko would take clients to wine and dine. Dimly lit inside but classy decor. Sort of like new money hanging on to old times. Lots of your peninsula finance types dining here. Probably all the people working in venture / pe / banking trying to get the up and coming entrepreneur to sign with their respective firms. Enough about the atmosphere. The prime rib is the specialty here. Doesn't make a ton of sense to me to get anything else. Standard cut runs you about $28 and it is very good. I usually get mine rare. Beef is very tender and the au jus that comes with it has a lot of flavor. You can get a baked potato as your side that's made very well. I've also had a handful of the appetizers the couple times I've been here. Half shelled oysters are good as well as the filet spring rolls. Had a glass of the cannonball cabernet last time I went here. I thought that was good too. Always a fan of the cab and steak.
Went here with Mister once. By far the best prime rib there is, even better than house of prime rib. We had prime rib, their specialty, hamachi shots and a half bottle. The meat was tender, atmosphere was great, and wait was minimal. The decor is exquisite too. Service was attentive, and the food did not take too long. Highly recommend this place. Great if you want prime rib and in my opinion a nicer and better place than house of prime rib in the city. Price: be expected to pay well over $100 for two. However, still comparable in price to House of Prime Rib and parking is free and easy.
I would actually give the food a three and a half stars. Went here for dinner and the ambiance was elegant and romantic! The customer service was excellent, friendly and very attentive. Ordered the following: Sauteed Diver Scallops: The scallops were seared topped with a light creamy sauce. It was really good, love the sauce. Nothing that spectacular though. Lobster bique soup: Has this spicy taste to it, excellent. It's a creamy red sauce with bits of lobsters. I would recommend this!!! Oysters: it was okay, you can find better oysters somewhere else. Bone-In Ribeye Steak - Medium Rare ($44.50): The first few bites were good because of the outer fat. However, as you get into the steak it's not that well marinated. I give it an 8 out of 10.  I had garlic mashed potatoes, it was really good topped with carrots and broccoli. The House Cut Prime Rib - Medium Rare: It was okay. I still think House of Prime Rib in San Francisco is the best. It's more moist and has much more flavor. I give it an 8 out of 10. Added sides of baked potato and cream spinach, both were excellent. As for dessert, being that it was a birthday. They were really nice of providing a complementary mud pie. Basically it's like coffee ice cream, very good. We ended dinner with coffee and some left overs. I would recommend this place, just to try for the first time. As for going back, I wouldn't mind. Total bill for two is around $200, that includes a cheap bottle of wine ($69).
Really 3.5 stars, but the atmosphere is a little dated and sleepy, so I rounded down. There seems to be a lot of wood interior, but not a rich dark wood like a good steak house should have, think of the "Brady Bunch" living room instead.  My prime rib was fine - but not as good as the House of Prime Rib in SF. My wife's rib-eye was decent, but a little gristly at points. (She only finished half.)  Note that the service was great and very professional. I actually enjoyed my meal, but you may want try Alexanders or Pampas first.
Good, but not exceptional.  The prime rib wasn't like butter and the creamed spinach was a little too runny.  Taste and service was solid.
Our regular medium-rare-melt-in-your-mouth-filet-mignon fun spot.  We always sit in the bar area where it is more hip and where ordering glass after glass of wine is less noticeable with the help of the darkness and chatter. It's also convenient that the bathrooms are right there in the event you break your urinary seal. Don't expect an shih-shih atmosphere or Joe Bob grillin' to country tunes.  This place is how I would imagine Palo Alto steakhouse elegance to be.  You'll see what I am talking about. The service is always spot-on and the staff extremely friendly.  The remember us regulars and always take care of us. My favorite is the filet mignon. It is always cooked to perfection and is amazingly juicy and abundant with quality beef flavor.  The wife also loves the blackened swordfish too (says it's extremely moist and tasty.) You really can't go wrong with whatever you order. We crave and indulge here regularly.  Hi Chang!
I went here for my birthday 3 years in a row, I loved it so much.  I always start off with the calamari, the sauce that goes with it is great.  The clam chowder is to-die-for, and the prime rib of course is awesome! Our waiters were always quick, friendly, and professional.  The restaurant is pretty dark, but I never mind.
Got the opportunity to go here to celebrate a friend's promotion. I'd heard good things about this place, and it certainly didn't disappoint. Our group started with the potato skins and clam chowder. Both were amazing. The clam chowder went down well with the sourdough bread they serve you when you first sit down. I ordered the prime rib (house cut), medium rare with a fully loaded baked potato. the meat came out perfectly medium rare, just a touch of blood, and extremely tender. I'd put it on par with HOPR, but wouldn't go so far as to say it was better.. finished the meal with a gratis mud pie.  service was great too, not too intrusive, but got the drinks out and dishes cleared up promptly. dimly lit place, ambiance was ok, but the crowd was definitely older...and by older, i mean favoring the geriatric end. all in all, definitely not cheap, but a fantastic meal and worth a visit if you've done the morton's/hopr/ruth's chris/alexander's rotation and want something different.
If you like prime rib, this is the place to get your dose of red meat. Great service and attentive wait staff. Everyone at my table loved their meat. I ordered the shrimp and scallops saute dish with the wild rice and it was ok. I am ok with that since it is a steak house after all. Portions are generous. I think it's a place to take guests for special occasions :)
I had lunch with 3 friends. The atmoshere is classic steakhouse. What we had as far as food was good. 3 of us had the prime rib. 2 ordered rare and one medium rare and they looked the same, but it was juicy and tender. We had the tempura prawn appetizer and that was good, too. The service was fine. The wine list is decent and a little on pricey side, but not overly so. I won't go out of my way to go again, but it was worth a visit.
If you have the urge to have red meat this is the place. I had a fillet, med-rare and the seafood pasta. The oysters in the half shell started everything. The food was good and the wait staff was excellent. He actually steered me away from ordering a more expensive entree. Not typical behavior ?! It was appreciated because that left room for the wine and creme brulee for dessert. My only complaints are that the room is WAY TOO dark. The noise there is also TOO much. To be fair we were near the kitchen but not that close.  Overall it was tasty and I did walk away happy.
Great steak. I had the new york strip I think and was came out perfectly. Also the crab cake appetizers were sooo yummy I had to order 2 orders. I think one order somes with only 2 cakes. The shrimp cocktail is great. Big big shrimps. Pricey and serivce was excellent. I sat at the bar. The lady at the front desk is hot hot hot. She might be a swimsuit model. I think some high rollers come in here a lot - driving porshes, bmw, mercedes, maseratis etc... what do you expect this is palo alto! 2 people left with a check of about $150
OMG sooo good. The Food: The crab cakes were amazing. Perfectly crisp on the outside, perfectly juicy on the inside. The filet mignon was more than amazing. The medium rare was perfect and so tender it practically melted in my mouth. The lemon drop was made with real lemons. You don't get that when you go to the random bar up the street. The Atmosphere: Was typical for this type of place. Very dark and full of lots of shadows. The Service: Was great, I thought. The hostess showed us to our table right away and our waitress was at our table very quickly to take our drink order and suggest appetizers. She was very attentive and friendly and always was there just when I was thinking I'd need her. Overall I loved my experience here.  The food was great, the service was great, and I didn't trip on anything in the dark hallways on the way to my table.  :)
This is a very hard review to write.  Sundance gets four stars from me because the food was absolutely amazing!!  I was not really that impressed by the ambiance or service.  Our waiter was pleasant and efficient, but maybe a little snotty?  The decor was dark with a lot of wood, I suppose it was ok for a steakhouse, it all  just seemed a little fake.  I just felt like our experience was missing something. I ordered the Sundance Cut Fillet (7oz) w/ steamed veg and cream of spinach.  The fillet was perfectly cooked and ever so tasty and the cream of spinach was delightful.  My fiance ordered the Prime Rib and he loved it just as much as he did the last time we came.  My father-in-law had the Chilean Sea Bass special with a roasted red pepper sauce.  It was awesome. We'll be back
http://sundancethesteakh... The primerib was good and still it didn't top Broadway Prime in Burlingames prime rib. I love the atmosphere. Veeer y romantic. Its very dark inside with dim lights at each table. You can call and reserve the booths that have the fireplaces. Very elegant.
Sundance The Steakhouse is by far one of the finest Steak & Seafood Restaurants on the entire west coast.  Family owned for over 30 years, gives you that warm and fuzzy feeling each and every time you walk into the door.  From the swanky bar with the flat screens to the cozy booths and elegant atmosphere in the dining area.  The food is delectable and the wine list hand chosen by the management is the most exquisite I have ever had the pleasure of testing. The management and staff are top notch!  Always greeting with a great smile and a welcoming attitude!  Very professional and truly cater to their patrons needs.  The management themselves truly care about the experience of patrons and it is apparent.  They always make each and every one of our party feel like a part of the family.  They are very poised, professional, knowledgeable and always polite.  An excellent place to visit!   Thank you Sundance for your years of pure excellence!  I could not think of a finer establishment to celebrate my families occasions in!
This was my second visit to Sundance. We went for our anniversary last year and I thought it was pretty good (although my opinion was probably influenced by the bottle of wine we shared...) We ended up going last night on a whim; we were supposed to go to Menlo grill but once we realized we had been there before and didn't like it, we needed somewhere else to eat. And since I was set on having a steak, we decided to just go to Sundance, knowing that it would be expensive but at least it would be good. First off, I have to say that while I love the darkness in the restaurant, I'm not crazy about the old-sports memorabilia decor- it's like a dressed up Chili's. We arrived at 8pm and they were able to seat up pretty easily. The service was the first thing that turned me off. Our waitress never introduced herself or even asked to take our order. She would literally show up at our table, whip out her little pad, and look at us. No smile, No nothing. We just had to guess what on earth we were supposed to do. She didn't even tell us the specials!! But she was great for the table next to us... totally bizarre- and horrible. The only time she did say something was when we asked her for steak knives and then she laughed and apologized for trying to making us cut the meat with a butter knife. As for the food... The sourdough bread was excellent- probably the best part of the meal. I ordered the filet and my husband ordered the sirloin. I have to say they cooked our meat perfectly. However, I was shocked at how fatty and tough my filet was- and how tender and non-fatty my husband's sirloin was. And my filet looked like a sirloin and his sirloin looked like a filet. So we casually asked if we had our cuts rights and our waitress insisted that we did... still not 100% sure but I wouldn't be surprised if it was all messed up and she didn't want to fix it. We both had garlic mashed potatoes and seasonal veggies with our meal. BTW, seasonal veggies = broccoli and carrots no matter what time of year you go there. Which is fine- just a little mis represented on the menu. And the garlic mashed potatoes were good but tasted almost pre-made. I'm not saying they were, but they just didn't have the weight that you'd expect from a mashed potato. But trust me, that didn't stop me from devouring them. All-in-all, I'd go to Flemmings over Sundance, which is a shame. I would love a great, local steak house. But for the quality of food and service, I think it's over-priced. Oh, and it's cold in there- bring a sweater.
Once upon a time, I would have given Sundance 5 stars. The atmosphere alone - dark wood, cigars, Stanford (go Card!) - hard to go wrong. When you add to that the always on point prime rib and world's best clam chowder...well, hello, happiness. But last night, Sundance disappointed in a way I could never have imagined. On a rainy night post-Stanford basketball game, my husband and I thought there would be no better place to settle in before heading back north to the City. We parked it in the bar (no reservation), readied our bellies for the prime rib, and then heard our waitress utter the words that really...well, we thought she was joking: "Just to let you know, we are out of the prime rib." Say WHAT? Wait, prime rib is literally half the menu. There are like 4 cuts of it, and it stands on its own in a special box on the menu that boasts of it being world famous or some hyperbole like that. Note to amateur management: Do not EVER let your restaurant run out of its specialty by 9pm on a Saturday night. But I still love you.
I like the old school feeling I get in here.  I've tried to make reservations for the table by the private fireplace but haven't been able to get that one for awhile now.  I only ate at that one table once waaaay back in the days. The first time I ate here I ordered prime rib.  Now, I just can't seem to get away from it.  It's the only thing I order here ever since.  They always make it right. It's also pretty dark in here so be prepared to have your pupils enlarged.  The only thing I don't like is being seated in the middle of the back room because it can get quite loud and you don't have any privacy if you want to have an intimate dinner. Oh and be prepared to wait even if you have reservations...sometimes even up to 30 mins.
Yep, this place is dark.  Yep, you cant see your food and yep, its expensive. We are broke asses so we decided to split everything. Split a bowl of clam chowder (DELICIOUS), split a Caesar salad, and split a top sirloin.  We didnt order drinks and it still came out to $55.  The food was very very good though. The service was good and efficient but really, the girl could have cracked a smile.
It is very difficult to find anything wrong with this restaurant, especially if you have money to burn.  The dim lighting is both romantic and relaxing, and the service makes you feel special.  As soon as you are seated you are served ice water by one waitperson, and seconds later a steaming basket of sourdough bread arrives, crusty on the outside and warm and fluffy on the inside (the bread, not the basket).   Appetizers are a bit pricey, but satisfying.  The lobster bisque is among the best you will find this side of New England.  If you imbibe, their martinis are incredible:  perfectly mixed, potent and generously poured.  The wine list is exhaustive with many gems to be found. Sundance's meats are legendary, and whether you try the prime rib, the filet or any of their entrees, you'll be more than satisfied.  However, believe it or not, it's their seared ahi tuna that might be the star of the menu.  Thinly sliced, delicately peppered on the periphery, and fresh as can be, i haven't found a better version anywhere on the mid-peninsula (and that's not for lack of trying).   Sundance is not one of those rip-off joints that charge an extra $8 for side dishes.  Well-prepared side dishes (the usual suspects) are included with the entrees. If you still have room, desserts are top-notch.  The hot fudge sundae and the mud pie are perfect for sharing. So make your reservations now, and tell them that Donald Duck sent you.
A typical upscale American steakhouse. It is somewhat pricey but nothing memorable. Steak is OK here but nothing special and almost a bit dry. I have had better prime rib elsewhere. The sides are decent but again, very forgettable. The place is a bit dark and even though I know it is trying for that classy upscale look, but to me it just isn't quite there yet. Overall the experience was very mediocre. For the price tag I kind of expected something more impressive.
Have to admit, the best things about this place are very good service and the nice ambiance inside. Their food ( the prime rib ) I thought was quite average. First of the all the steak was quite cold by the time it came to me. The horse radish they served was quite toned down to cater to local pallet. Also the prime rib cut that was served was served was quite fatty. I would rather go to house of Prime Rib in SF. Though service sucks in House Of Prime  Rib, the food is much better. I did like their excellent service and their wine selection.
I love Sundance! It's comfort food for me, why wouldn't anyone be comforted with such great red meat? My usual is the surf and turf - prime rib and lobster.  And I like to bring a bottle of wine to share. Why not. Corkage is only $20. They do have great selection of wines available. Took my BF here for his first Sundance meal, even though he's not big on beef or lobster. He did like the clam chowder too =) And the service is wonderful.  Reservations highly recommended.
After hearing so much about this place from a friend, i decided to pay a visit to collect materials to conduct my very first Yelp review :) hey i'm nowbie. I made the reservation a few hours before and asked for window table, as always. I asked how much was the corkage, the host said $20. Fair enough. Parking was horrible on the street or the restaurant parking lot. You may park cross the street and jaywalk. Chance of getting a ticket for jaywalking is much less than in NYC. We got seated immediately. Our host's name was Jeff, absolutely courteous, attentive and appreciative of the bottle that I brought. I will definitely order him again as my host next time i dine there :P We ordered sauteed sea scallops as starter, and I got Teriyaki Filet Mignon Skewer and hubby got Prime Top Sirloin. Scallops were very tender, flavorful and "generous". They give you 6 pieces full-size, and charge you appetizer price. The sauteed sauce must be garlic soup or something, it retained the flavor on scallop but the soup residue was garlicky, perfect for bread dipping. I was never a fan for prime rib because not many places could make it right even with the same grade of meat. I tried a few bite of prime rib from the other plate, and was instantly impressed. So delicate!! Juicy yet tender, totally melting on your tongue. My filet mignon skewers were very flavorful, and portion was....generous. I certainly appreciated that they supply some seriously sharp steak knives to make your dining experience a lot more pleasant. We had to pass on dessert because we could barely finish our entree already. When Jeff delivered our check, he said he removed the corkage fee because he felt he let us wait for a bit before entrees were served. It didn't even occur to me that we waited at all, but was certainly appreciated that he did this for us. This was a very good and fancy dinner, and in our case, very "inexpensive" :) Service: 5 star Food: 4.5 star (0.5 for portion too big) Ambiance: 5 star Price: reasonable On a side note, this restaurant has sunset dinner menu ($19.95 for any entree) 7 days a week from 5pm to 6pm. Great deal! http://www.sundancethest...
Underwhelmed sums up this place. They spent more on the decor and faux steakhouse interior than they did on quality food. The texture of the prime rib was questionable and the flavor was missing. After my colleagues had talked up this place so much I was expecting greatness, but the food was just so-so. The service was attentive and the desserts and wine delicious. Also, after reading the review of the family that was bumped on Christmas Eve, I felt bad patronizing this place. You should too.
If I could give this place zero stars, I would. I am rarely this harsh of a critic. Let me first say that I got a bad vibe from the moment I walked into this establishment. The waitress was really rude and so was this random waiter. They both kept making snide comments about us "texting," on our phones or looking unhappy. First of all, It's called the internet, second of all, who said we were unhappy and third mind your own damn business. Anyway, we were treated like second class citizens. They struck me as racist or something. The environment was far too stuffy for my liking. BTW, the manager was rude too. Don't waste your time on this place.
I first came here for a friend's birthday party years ago, and got such a good first impression that I started coming here more frequently for "special" occasions.  From wining-and-dining, to spending quality time with family, to celebrating birthdays...Sundance was one of the places I'd keep in mind for these types of events. Over the years, I've tried a variety of items from their menu.  Some of my favorites here include their Panko-crusted Calamari, New England Clam Chowder, New York Strip Steak, and of course their Prime Rib (I personally prefer "The Shareholder's Cut"). As for their service, I've found that it's been consistently great here.  I should point out though that at times it can get very busy here, and parking can be a pain.  Setting up a reservation ahead of time will definitely work in your favor. All-in-all, I think Sundance definitely provides a wonderful atmosphere with excellent food.
Outstanding food - we had the prime rib, perfectly cooked veggies and an outrageously rich baked potato stuffed to the gills with real bacon bits, etc. Service was very good, tho we were a bit slow getting seated. I used my discount card that gave us one free entree with the purchase, which made it a very good value. By the way, in case you were wondering, my cholesterol shot down to 146 with the medication, hence the beefest.
Sundance is touted as having the best prime rib since 1949..It's ok at best.  Generous portions of appetizers...Garlic mashed potatoes weren't particularly tasty and the creamed spinach was ok.  Coffee was probably the best thing about the place. Lots of business people go there so it looks like a popular place.  Very noisy...All in all for dinner for 2 @ $100+, I will keep looking for someplace better....Lawry's still has the best prime rib!
Dark, old-school steakhouse.  Frankly, I think the new school (e.g., Flemings, Ruth Chris', Mortons) genre is better in terms of the steaks, but Sundance lacks the downside of chains which are always trying to ram another $10 baked potato onto your order. Can get crowded at night -- even the bar where you wait -- so be sure to have a reservation and to get there early if you want a drink before sitting down. Overall, good food, good drinks, nice wine list (I had a great Echezeaux).  I think the steaks are prime/aged but I don't they're cooked under super-high heat like the chains now do.
Because of Sundance, there really is not need to drive all the way up to SF for HOPR. The meat tastes pretty similar to each other, and unless you're up in the city doing something, just stay in the South Bay. I liked Sundance because I'm more into family owned (success) businesses rather than a corporate chain. It had a nice and dark (romantic) ambiance that really sets the mood for whatever. If you go with someone of the opposite gender, I'm pretty sure you guys are not just friends. Our waiter was very nice and accommodating. He hooked it up with a free sample of clam chowder, it was decent (although I heard that the lobster bisque was what they're known for). He was also very nice to us when I asked him to take a picture for my bf and I (for Facebook reasons). I ordered the prime rib and mmm... it was a delicious piece of meat! I could not have asked for more. My bf ordered the filet mignon (whih is supposedly "the best" part of cow, right?). Do NOT, I repeat, DO NOT order filet there. The outside tasted a bit overcooked, the inside didn't taste right, and there was just no flavoring in there. We were too full to have dessert, but word has it that their mud slide is quite tasty. I left one happy girl!
Now yelp doesn't give 1/2 stars so just to make that clear, this place gets 3 1/2 stars in my book..it's not a real knock on this place; it's just that i've been to various steak places so my standards are a bit higher I guess you could say when it comes to steaks --first with the ambiance..dimly lit, not too loud with a soothing romantic feel..definitely a nice place to go for a dinner date --food wise, it was pretty good..I had the 10 oz top sirloin medium, which came with side of vegetables and choice of potatoes (I opted for the garlic mashed potatoes)...the meat was pretty well cooked and tasty but it just didn't have that wow factor --the sides were average..had the sides been better, I may have given this place 4 stars..sure i'm not coming to a steak house for the sides but in general, they were on the bland side..not bad but nothing special I couldn't have made in my own kitchen --service wise, it was a-okay..the waiter was very nice and apologized twice to my g/f when they were out of lobster tail (she went with the prime rib, equally tasty)..my water was filled numerous times..only very slight downfall was that it took a little longer than I would have liked to get my bill but that's a very small knock..overall, service wise I give this place 4 1/2 stars --price wise, the ones who stated it was a bit pricey must not know the standards for good steaks..my sirloin was 23.95, which is a pretty standard solid deal..NY steak is a bit over 30 but that's normal in comparison..cuts of meat still in the mid 20 dollar range is good so no complaints there --overall, a good place to eat..I would definitely go back but it's not at the top of my list for steaks...still a solid establishment for a good time
My first impression when I walked in was, "Wow, it's really dark in here."  It'll take some time for your eyes to adjust. We showed up early to our reservation for 9:30 pm and were seated immediately. The sourdough bread was served warm with half melted butter.  The inside was moist and the outer crust was crispy. I had the lobster bisque.  It was perfect!  It was seasoned with just enough salt and spices with the right amount of kick.  The lumps of lobster was a nice surprise. The ahi seared tuna was good too.  It came with lightly pickled cucumbers, ginger, soy sauce, and wasabi.  It was a generous portion of thinly sliced tuna. After reading other reviews of how the prime rib was better than House of Prime Rib, I definitely had to give it a try.  Also, the waiter said the prime rib was the house specialty. I ordered it medium rare.  It was good, but not better than House of Prime Rib.  It came with veggies (carrots and broccoli) and your choice of side (garlic mashed potatoes, rice pilaf, baked potato, and sliced tomatoes).  I had the mashed potatoes.  It was creamy and tasty. For dessert, I had the white chocolate creme brulee.  It was pretty yummy and rich. The service was super.  Our waiter checked up on us just enough times.  My water was constantly refilled when low.  After finishing our meal, the table was cleaned right before dessert. The ambiance was nice and cozy and not too fancy.  The booths are semi-private.  There's some instrumentals playing in the background. It's a nice place to take someone special for a special occasion.
Some reviewers have complained about the "old school atmosphere," but I think they miss the point--this place is delightfully, unapologetically old school. It feels like a warm, cozy club with dark wood paneling and old Standford sports memorabilia tastefully framed on the walls. Service was excellent.  The bartender was friendly, attentive and mixes a great drink.  Our server was very professional and warm. The food was very good.  I had the prime rib, which perhaps wasn't the best I've ever had but was certainly tasty and met my expectations.   The wedge salad was the best I've had in California--exploding with blue-cheesy goodness. My wife and I enjoyed a very nice, quiet, delicious and romantic dinner at Sundance.
Bf and I came to Sundance on a Tuesday night after 4 failed attempts to get seated at a restaurant in downtown Palo Alto.  Everywhere we went, we were told that there'd be at least an hour wait.  Hungry and frustrated, I called Sundance and they said they could seat us within 5 minutes. We actually arrived about 15 minutes later due to some traffic.  They said that we'd have to wait another 5 minutes but that was fine with us.  We went to the bar and had a glass of wine.  They called us for our table before we finished wine and they happily transferred the bill to our table. bf got the top sirloin and I got to the filet mignon.  Mine was tender and full of flavor.  Mine came with rice pilaf and bf's came with mashed potato.  We then proceeded to eat in silence until our plates were cleaned.  I guess you can say we enjoyed our dinner! I'm not quite sure what to make of Sundance as it's not really what I'd call a "date night" kind of place.  It feels more like a "business dinner" kind of locale.  And in fact, as we walked to our table, I saw that the majority of dinners were groups of men in suites.  I'll probably come back here to woe some clients into forking over business. I do like the food but it's not as good as Alexander's.  The ambiance is also just a little bit weird.  Therefore, minus 1 star.
2.5 stars ... The ambiance is really nice in the restaurant. It's kind of designed like a giant cigar bar, with racks of wine everywhere. There's earthy wooden accents, which add to the boys-night-out feel of the place. Our server, though not extremely friendly, was courteous and patient with us even though we were being "rambunctious". The food was a big let down, though. The filet was done quite well and was tasty. The vegetables were completely meaningless; I'm assuming they were put there just to add color to the plate. The garlic mashed potatoes had no garlic flavor and tasted like they came from a box. The prime rib was super fatty and a little gristly. Gross. How can they say it's the best prime rib in town? I guess that just means everyone else makes it worse? The mud pie thing was just a giant cut of coffee ice cream. The cheesecake was quite good, though. The wine list was disappointing. Most of the wines are $80+, which is kind of silly. The cheaper wines are just not that good. After ordering the Zin-Cab and Malbec, we were $120 lighter and a bad taste in our mouths. I know they charge a 400% markup, but I'm sure they can find a few $10 wines to charge us $50 for. Go to Los Altos Grill instead! It's nicer, has a better wine selection, has more options for food, and tastes better.
Visited Sundance on a recent work trip to CA and was quite satisfied with the experience. We ate in the semi-private dining room for larger groups which was nice because we could be as loud as we wanted to be without having to worry about disturbing anyone else.  The interior has a decidedly masculine feel which is to be expected from an old school chophouse...or at least as close to one as you'll get in Northern California. I ordered the prime rib, which was quite good.  Nothing mind blowing, but tasty and satisfying.  The highlight was the plethora of apps we ordered for the group.  The calamari was great (perfectly fried) and the potato skins were good.  I missed out on the filem mignon spring rolls, but given how fast the table devoured them, I imagine they were good. All in all, the Sundance provided a solid dining experience serving up some great American standards.  Their menu isn't going to wow you with originality or creativity, but if you want some basic dishes executed well, and you happen to be in Palo Alto, you cannot go wrong with this place.
I'm giving it 5 for the following: - Reservation was at 8pm, my bf and I got there early at 7:30pm and they had us seated right away. - Awesome spot perfect for Valentines occassion, seated in front of the fireplace. - The service was amazing, professional and attentive to our needs. - The prime rib....was TO DIE FOR!!!! Medium rare, juicy, succulent and MAGNIFICO! - The chicken wine marsala was THE BEST out of all the chicken marsalas I had in years at different restaurants..you can never go wrong! - Their appetizers and desserts are amazing...Just overall, pleasant atmosphere, perfect lighting and great crowd. - Our bill excluding tip: $125 consisting: mushroom tempura (appetizer), 2 side salads, 220z. prime rib (that comes with mash potato and veggies), chicken wine marsala (that comes with rice pilaf and veggies), pie mudslide (dessert) and coffee....IS ALLLL WORTH IT!!!!!
This is my FAVORITE Steakhouse! Hands down the BEST in town!! They have thee absolute best appetizers (Filet Mignon spring rolls, prawn cocktail, potato skins, calamari, crab cakes, tempura gulf prawns) OMGosh need I say more??? I could go there, and eat that alone! For dinner I usually order the petite cut filet mignon, and lobster tail, tonight I changed it up and ordered the 10 oz. prime rib (great cut) baked potato, and veggies. It was sooo good, drooling just thinking about it!!! The wines are FABULOUS!!! Desserts -oh, gotta try the bread pudding, and the mud pie!!! Service here is stellar - very attentive and professional!! The restaurant is beautifully decorated, great memorabilia throughout the restaurant. Just a great place to go for dinner!! Can't wait to go back!!
I lost a bet to my bf and I owed him dinner. So he chose Sundance. Being bitter at my loss, I wasn't that happy, but the service was good. The ladies at the front were cheerful and our server was attentive. I ordered prime rib and it was DELICIOUS. With a side of creamy garlic mashed potatoes and grilled veggies, I was in heaven. The small order was actually too much for me (defeat makes you lose your appetite), but my boyfriend happily helped me finish it. For dessert, I ordered their butterscotch creme brulee, and it was divine. I love desserts, and this had the perfect richness and the perfect crunch of caramelized sugar. I left very full and happy. What lost bet?
My husband took me here for dinner. We had heard it was nice and we were celebrating, so we decided to check it out. The hostess was very nice to us when we walked in and directed us to the bar for drinks while we waited for our table. The bar area was cute and we enjoyed our drinks. The restaurant itself is dark and kind of quiet. I didn't like that, too much. I like feeling like I am OUT in the world while eating out, and I didn't get that vibe. I got the vibe, "of don't bother other people by being too loud, so we are going to speak quietly." Maybe it's just me and the hubster? So, we both love steak, and like steak well done (YES! Well done!!!), which can be very hard to do. Most restaurants can't do a well done steak, and keep the flavor and juiciness. It truly is an art to be able to do a well done steak. We both ordered the filet mignon (yes, well done!), and garlic mash potatoes, and veggies. The steak was ok. I have had better, to be totally honest. It wasn't bad, and we both ate it all, but I had pictured better. If you call yourself a steakhouse, be able to cook all steaks rare, medium, medium well, well done, and every other way someone wants it, AND have it be the most delicious cut of meat ever. Obviously, my expectations of the steak were exceedingly high. I am sure if I didn't order it well done, it would have been better, but, hey, I like what I like. Everything else was good, though. I don't think we would go back, but that is due to the ambience of the place, not the food. I just wasn't feeling it.
On a Tuesday evening, the wait for 4 people was 1.5 hours. However, we opted for a nice large table at the bar without any wait. The interior makes it clear that the establishment is definitely a business-meal destination. Great service also to go along with the expensive tab. Keep those drinks coming! I had the lobster which was flavorful and fresh. Not too many vegetarian options though (it's a steakhouse, right?). Overall, Sundance does extremely well at providing the right atmosphere for a business dinner which is what they appear to aspire to do.
eeh, I admit I'm not a huge meat fan but I am capable of appreciating a good steak and seafood place.  This place is okay, their service is DEFINITELY lacking the 5 or so times I've been here and their food is WAAAAY overpriced.  I think most of their clientele these days are the die hard loyals who don't realize that there are a bevvy of similar places nearby with better service and lower prices. I think this place exists more from its old reputation for being "the place" to celebrate special occasions but these days it's just a little dated.
Took my parents out for dinner (my dad's birthday to be exact).  The ambiance is very old fashioned upper class looking sort of place.  It is dim and intimate.  The restaurant wasn't loud and the lighting was just right so you can see clearly who's at your table and sort of fuzzes the other people out. Our waiter was very very friendly!  When he brought out my dad's birthday slice (coffee icecream cake), he sang a very sweet jingle.  He had a great voice too.  I wish I remembered his name... My dad had the sirloin and lobster, mom the sirloin and prawns, and me the blackened swordfish.  The steaks were succulent.  I wish I got the 14 oz. steak instead of the fish!  MmMMm :)  I had a glass of wine from Oregon (2005) and that complimented the pieces of steak my parents gave me after seeing how much I enjoyed their red meat as opposed to my fish. The fish was also juicy, I just like cow more than fish at restaurants (that I soon learned that night). I made reservations a couple days in advance and that worked out well. The steaks were great.  I recommend getting the sirloin medium rare because it was much more juicier than the medium well.  There's more flavor to it :) YUM and the wine selection is great.  Service was very good and the jingle was one of a kind for a 60th birthday song!  Thank you!
On the plane ride back from Kentucky, I was writing it up as I always do, and he was reading. He read about this place in one of those airplane magazines, then he wrote the name down in my journal. when we got home we kept talking and talking about it.. all telling our best friend nick about this steakhouse restaurant.. then we finally tried it tonight. And it was absolutely delicious!!! We loved it! A+ A+ For appetizers we ordered the Fresh Oysters on the Half Shell Raw, which were do DIE for! I loved it... conversation of the hour: why do i like oysters so much?? nobody else in my family really likes it. my father loves shrimp, he can eat a whole plate of it. He had one piece just to make me happy :) Then we shared a REALLY YUMMY Cesar salad, with no anchovies. The dressing was perfect and just right. For dinner entree I ordered the 7 oz Filet Mignon, with creamy garlic mashed potatoes and grilled veggies. I was in love with every single bite. Literally, falling in love, with every single bite. haha.. I would cut up the Filet Mignon in tiny little pieces, dip in Aujus Sauce, and mix with creamy garlic mashed potatoes. Two words! TO DIE! Then chew really slow, and savory every bite, piece, and flavor. He got the 12 oz Prime Rib, which also looked REALLY good. I think next time I'm going to try that, but with creamy spinach. and.. maybe not the 12oz, 8oz is good enough for me! The waiter was attentive. The ladies in the front were very polite. Overall: a great place to eat! love the food, love the customer service!
Three words:  Early bird special. 5-6 pm, every day...  there are about 6 entrees available with soup/salad on that menu.  I highly recommend the ahi, but you can't go wrong with anything there. Oh, and ask them to bring out the spicy horseradish for your steak, if you're into that.  Good stuff.
SO overrated.  If you want good steak, go into SF.  While Palo Alto dining has come a long way, clearly the steakhouses still have a ways to go.  It's not that the food is bad, but for people to put this place on par with real steakhouses is just ridiculous. Steak does not come out as requested - somehow my rare always seems to end up closer to medium.  The wine list is not very imaginative either.  Oysters are passable.
This place sucks. Don't go here if you know and care about steaks. I'm a HUGE steak fan and am very particular about my steak in terms of cut, quality, and aging method. I'm such a steak snob, I think Morton's and Ruth's Chris are like the Sizzler of the steak world; higher price definitely does not guarantee higher quality at these places. Anyways I was totally looking forward to trying out a new steak place in the bay and came here with my coworkers for a team dinner...yes, covered by expense account so I didn't have to cheap out to any degree. I got NY Strip done medium rare. You know what it tasted like? Nothing. Absolutely flavorless crap. I should have just gone to an Outback Steakhouse for half the price and twice the flavor. The sides it came with were bland and unmemorable. They should really just offer a la carte sides and give people the option for something tasty. Service was just ok, definitely not on par with the type of establishment they're trying to convey. Thumbs down, save your $$ and head to Bobo's or Epic up in SF.
Best steak ever! We've been here several time, and we always got outstanding service. We also love their cheese fries
Sundance is my go-to steakhouse in Palo Alto.  My Dad and I consistently try to find special occasions so we can treat ourselves. We went there for his 60th birthday a few months back.  We had a party of 8, and the sommelier waived the corkage on FOUR bottles of wine after buying only TWO.  Talk about class and service.  The prime rib is amazing, although you have to order creamed spinach as a side (this should be a standard option for Prime Rib).  And the bill was much, much lower than I had prepped myself for. The ambiance at Sundance couldn't be better.  Old Stanford paraphernalia and art adorn the walls, and there is steakhouse-appropriate lighting and intimate booths.  Every time I've been there (maybe 15 times... I'm a PA native), the hostess has been friendly and absolutely drop-dead gorgeous (does not factor into the rating...but I have to mention it).
Good prime rib, and cooked to order - though there wasn't really a wow factor either. What I sometimes look for in a restaurant is whether or not the extra money that I pay comes with a wow factor - esp if it is something that can be made at home. I think that since they're so comfortable as being one of the proverbial institutions around here that I'd like to see them change with the times also.
I went here before reading any of the reviews(which is pretty rare for me), and I have to agree with most of what was said so far. I found the food was excellent.   I ordered the filet mignon, and my wife ordered the prime rib.    We had excellent cuts of meat, definitely up to the quality I was expecting. The atmosphere was a little too dark for my tastes, but they did put us in an area to ourselves, which gives bonus points for me.  No awkward distraction of seeing other people across from you. The service is what took away stars from my review.   Our waiter came off a little condescending throughout our smalltalk, and would barely even look at you in the eye.   There was a strange mix of people who genuinely seemed nice, and others who seemed like snobs.   Our food came fast, but my water left itself unfilled from start to the end of the night. We also ended up sitting around an extra 20 minutes waiting for us to get our bill in the end. Overall, good food, and descent environment, but poor service.   I wanted to love this place, but I think i'll opt for other steakhouses in the future. Edit: So my sister really loved the steaks last time, so she bought me a gift certificate for christmas.   Soo....we ended up going back.  Nicer waiter this time, but the steaks were poorly cut, and my sister ended up not enjoying it this time either.    I recommend opting for another steakhouse if you have the option.
I want to give this place four and a half stars. It doesn't quite merit 5, is a bit overpriced, but is still probably my favorite restaurant on the peninsula. All of the food is consistently great, as is the service. Provided that you are coming in as a party of 2, I would totally recommend sitting at the bar - Ozzie is awesome (makes a better lemon drop than anyone on the peninsula or in the city) and is one of the reasons my roommate I come back so often. Although I usually stick to Ozzie's lemon drops, they have an outstanding wine list. The prime rib is cooked to perfection. Sundance is one of the few places that actually knows what medium rare means - and the horseradish sauce is fantastic. When I go to Sundance, I know I'm not going to be disappointed and I'm probably going to leave a little tipsy after some perfectly mixed cocktails.
They're a decent steakhouse ideal for special occasions. This is the place I'd take my friends & coworkrs visiting from outside US if they want to have something American. Their prime rib is great, and the steaks are also great. A bit pricey, but I guess it's worth it.
I have been to Sundance a number of times and finally owe it a review. Most of my visits have been work lunches, although I took an ex-boyfriend and his parents here for an anniversary dinner, which was fabulous. I love steak although I'm not typically a steakhouse person, but you can't go wrong with any of it here. They have a really extensive wine list and I remember something about great desserts. I think I had the prime rib or filet for dinner and remember it being easily as good as any I've ever had. I recently had their steak ceasar for lunch and it didn't disappoint. One thing I've never understood about the place, though, is why they've decided not to fire a certain server who ranks up there with the worst ever. On a lunch a few years ago, I believe he was a few drinks in (in case I didn't mention - lunchtime!?) and he managed to spill a caraffe of dressing on one of the partners, hit me in the head with the back of a plate and do the same to another innocent victim at a table nearby. Pretty ridiculous. I recently saw him when we went back for lunch. Altogether, avoid the server, and it's a great place for a business lunch or good dinner. Great ambiance, and again, the wine list is fabulous.
We had a 20-minute wait. We sat in the bar and I enjoyed a pint of Blue Moon (on tap)! Once seated, the waiter came immediately. He was a great guy - kind, attentive and very helpful. The decor is decidedly old-school with lots of wood and very low lighting. I'm a fan of this environment for steakhouses, so it made me feel comfortable and ready for a good meal. I started with a garden salad with bleu cheese dressing. My husband  had a cup of the clam chowder. We both had the "petite" prime rib (8 oz.), his with mashed potatoes and mine with a baked potato. The cuts were tender and juicy, and gigantic - we could only finish about half of the food. Too full for dessert, we left happy. I would recommend the establishment to anyone in the area looking for a good steak.
I have been coming here for years and I have never been disappointed--The meat and service are top notch--I guess the negative reviews are from people who can not stand up for themselves and feel the passive aggressive behavior appropriate-- My BF and i had the Prime rib cook to our specs--So tender--It melted in my mouth--We also had the clam chowder and dipped it into that warm sour dough bread--Simply amazing--I love Sundance and will always be a long term loyal meat lover of Sundance--
Awesome service!  A great piece of prime rib and the best clam chowder in town for just under $20 from 5-6pm! You can actually taste the fresh clam. The last time I tasted the similar clam chowder was in Santa Monica! The seared ahi tuna was very reddy and fresh too.
Came here for a friend's birthday and was told that their signature dish was the prime rib.  I love prime rib!!!  But sadly, even though the prime rib was delicious with the au jus, it was served somewhat luke warm to cold. If you want good prime rib, House of Prime rib has been the best experience.  They have their prime rib cart and the plate comes to you to order and hot off their cart.  And their dinner comes with this awesome salad which I absolutely love.
My co-workers and I had a celebratory lunch here c/o the expense account! The food is excellent. My steak was nicely seasoned and cooked to perfection. The portions were pretty sizable (though I did order the largest steak they had.....).  Our server was very nice and attentive. Only downside, it took quite a while for our food to come out once we ordered. Since some of us had to go back to work, a few people felt rushed and skipped out on dessert. I didn't and split the Mud Pie with one of my friends -- it was a mountain of ice cream and whipped cream. Would definitely come back .... esp. if the company is treating! :D
Consistently great beef. Don't mess around with the tried and true formula. Get the prime rib. Order it medium. Go with the garlic mashed potatoes. Splurge on a good Cabernet. Enjoy! The hostesses look out of place with their skimpy outfits, but I'm sure that's for the benefit of their stodgy-old-men clientele.
Though I liked it ever so much more when it was called Sundance Mining Company, it always delivers great prime rib, excellent potatoes and other sides... the only thing I wish is that their margaritas weren't so sweet. Still, I can always count on Sundance for a great dinner, and that's good enough.
We gave Sundance another chance.  The service is MUCH better now, and the food is ooo sooo yummy!!!! Get the prime rib!
FULL DISCLOSURE: After the events of my previous review, I wrote Sundance a letter explaining what happened. The owner sent me a very nice letter back and a gift certificate good for $150. We made reservations for 5 for Christmas Eve dinner. Everything went smooth as can be this time- we were seated promptly, had a good table, they had everything we ordered, and the staff were very polite. My father, girlfriend, and myself all ordered the Prime Rib. It was excellent and my creamed spinach was good. My mother ordered a lighter meal and got their clam chowder and their fillet mignon spring rolls. She gave me a taste, and both were perfect. We didn't have dessert, but when I've had it there in the past it was excellent. Sundance had a chance to win back my business, and they hit a home run. We'll definitely be back.
Before I begin, I'd like to say that I've been to Sundance several times and each time it was a... Read more 
I've always had positive experiences at Sundance.  Their wedge salad is awesome, and their onion soup is great too.  Wine list is a little on the spendy side, but good. The waiters know their food and have a good attitude.  They are polite and sweep your table after the main course, that kind of thing.  Bread is delicious as well. I usually get a filet mignon with the garlic mash and vegetables.  Not too shabby.  Once I went there for an anniversary dinner with my girlfriend and we got some sparkling wine.  The glasses had fresh strawberries sitting on the rim, and it was a perfect way to start the evening. I like the lighting and atmosphere here.  It's dark and comfortable.  Feels like a good ol' steakhouse. Overall, food is well above average and worth the money.   Service is great as well, and you won't be disappointed.
Wow. Tried the Prime Rib dinner for my Birthday.. to die for!  I would place it second behind Forbes Mill on my all time list but the entire dinner was first class.  Oyster's Rockefeller is a good choice for an appetizer and the mud pie is a good choice for dessert.  I also tried the Filet Mignon which was cooked to perfection but I'm more a prime rib fan.  Only downside for the restaurant is that most tables are too close in proximity to one another.
I was flipping through Southwest magazine on my way to SFO and came across Sundance which was rated as a top steakhouse.  Seeing I was going to be in Palo Alto, I had to check it out. We arrived at 8:30 on a Sunday evening and the parking lot was packed.  I can't imagine what the parking would be on a Fri or Sat night but surely that lot is the reason for many door dings.  The lot is small and very tight. We were taken back to our table promptly however I felt like I needed a flashlight to make my way through the restaurant.  It is really dark!   However, once seated and after my eyes adjusted, I found it to be quite comfortable. We both ordered end cuts of the prime rib.  Mine was good, my boyfriend's was much better.  His seemed to have more flavor and it was very juicy and tender where mine was a bit tough.  The creamed spinach was beyond delicious! It was a perfect consistency with just the right amount of white pepper. Our service was good and our waiter was attentive.  This being my first experience, I would definitely be back!  I loved the atmosphere, it's cozy and romantic.  We didn't go into the bar area but I would imagine that place gets packed. I look forward to returning!
Came here with a large group and they handled it without any problems.It was a Saturday too! We have a great server who took care of us and kept the wine a flowing.No complaints on the food either.I had the prime rib and it was very good.Great place and a fun time .
So I went here with parents and a roommate.  We surprisingly had to wait for a table for a while at 9pm, but c'est la vie.  It gave us a chance to check out the bar.  I discovered that they make a pretty decent Long Island iced tea, even if it's not as good as the one at Last Supper Club in SF. When we eventually got our table, it was in a small back room with 3 or 4 other tables, and we had no problem reading our menus like some others on here (although having seen other parts of this place, I don't doubt that's true).  The food was fairly expensive, but not ridiculously so, although I did hear some grumbling from the other side of the table about the mark-ups on the wine list. Appetizers:  grilled sea scallops in a garlic+ sauce - amazing!  The scallops were cooked absolutely perfectly, and the sauce was divine...a nice melding of garlic and other (probably less interesting) things.  Salad Caprese with mozarella di buffala - good, but standard.  I mean really, it's tomatoes, cheese, basil.  How inventive can you really get?  Mushroom tempura - didn't taste it, but it certainly looked good and got the nod.  Fillet mignon spring rolls.  And now for something completely different!  They were tasty, crispy, served over an excellent salad and a yummy dipping sauce.  The only downside was that the taste of the fillet got a little lost amongst all the rest. Dinner:  3 orders of prime rib (small, regular, and the biggest), and the massively huge 23 oz rib steak on the bone.  All were excellent, although not necessarily the best meat I've ever had.  That's actually what stops this place from getting 5 stars. Dessert - we didn't really feel like any of us were the least bit hungry, yet we decided to get a slice of mud pie for nostalgia purposes and share it.  Quite yummy (hard to go wrong with ice cream, chocolate and whipped cream), and even has the extra touch of a teeny bit of peanut butter in the chocolate sauce! I'd totally go here again, but probably only for a very special date or when the parents are paying.
The food here is very good. Inside is very dark though. I could barely read the menu because it was so dark. Very romantic setting. I ordered the prime rib and it was huge...I dont remember the size I got but I couldnt finish it. When the prime rib came out it was very rare. The waitor never asked how I wanted it so I thought they would cook it medium well. Guess not. Definitely recommend this place for a date.
Came here for dinner with the family.  I was surprised the place was jam packed since it was a Wednesday night... We were seated right away when problem #1 hit - it was so dark I couldn't read the menu.  If I couldn't read it there's no way good ol' Mom and Dad could.  I understand steakhouses are usually dim but this place was dark!  After strategically using the little table lamp to read the menu we ordered. I was able to try a few dishes - prime rib (med & med well), filet and the seared tuna.  The prime rib was good, but not great.  I enjoyed the filet more and I'm more of a prime rib chick so that was surprising.  The tuna tasted fresh and the quantity was more than I expected.  We also tried a couple soups - french onion was a bit heavy but good and the clam chowder was tasty but I don't think it's too hard to mess that up.  I didn't have any wine but my Dad enjoyed his while all the girls enjoyed the dessert :) Problem #2 is a big one - service.  Our waiter was not friendly, nor was he attentive.  We notified him we were ready and he said he'll be back in one minute which turned into 10.  After taking our order and bringing our food there was no check in, only a dessert offering and the check.  The tables were emptying out and it didn't look like he was overloaded with tables so I was a bit disappointed as I looked at a couple empty drinking glasses. The food was good, service not so much.  I'd probably only come back if I were headed straight for the bar.
Okay, first off, I'm a fishatarian so I can't really vouch for the steak. However, I was really non-impressed by the service we got at Sundance tonight. I'd been there once before and it didn't make much of an impression, other than it was very dark inside. This time... Well, first off, the parking lot is pretty inadequate. It's so narrow that anyone who drives a big car probably *shouldn't* park there. Nevertheless, many *do*, so maneuvering through is a hassle...which makes it only more annoying when you can't even find a space. We had to drive through wiggly streets around back to find a spot. Then we get there and say we have a reservation, and they can't find us on the list. Now, I made the reservation a week ago and my fiance heard me on the phone - I didn't dream this. Still, mistakes happen and I understand that. This would have been fine with me if they'd apologized, said it was a misunderstanding or whatever. But instead they just told us we could wait 20 minutes. Not even a "whoops, sorry". No "we'll seat you as soon as we can." I mean, I just felt like the hostess was taking it as a personal insult that we would dare to imply we'd made a reservation. When we did finally get a table (to their credit, it wasn't more than ten minutes...but I think that's because we waited by the desk making the hostess uncomfortable rather than going off to that side room) it seemed like everything took forever. I was pretty annoyed. I got the seared ahi, which was good but I wasn't expecting such an enormous portion. I guess I should have gotten the appetizer size instead. He got prime rib which he hoovered down in about 15 minutes once it finally arrived, so I suspect it was delicious at least. I think the next time my fiance wants steak for his birthday dinner, I'll push to go someplace other than Sundance.
We love this place , Fri , Sat and Sun they have lobster bisque...real good we never really make reservations , unless we can get Jeff to be our waiter. otherwise we always come in and sit at the bar and have dinner ,...we pretty much skip the main dinng area and go for the bar area.  There are about 7 tables there and you can also eat at the bar. Jennifer  takes care of the bar area and she is super awesome ....if you come in to try it out without a reservation, Mos Def Yelpcommend to eat at the bar. pretty good mai tais made by Ozzie at the bar. I love Mai tais, and critic any maker of my fave beverage. He is good. 5 stars all day long!
The 'cowboy cut' ribeye is the best steak on the Peninsula that I have had the opportunity to savor. Service is attentive but not obtrusive.  There is no aggressive upsell that I find so annoying at many upscale restaurants. ...can't believe the Outback comparison-- I ate at one of those once, and I can confidently state that the meat here is just a wee bit better... Of course, you should take my review with a boulder of salt-- we have one of these 'buy-one-entree-get-one-free' cards that lets me get *two* ribeyes for $45... softens the blow considerably.  Hee hee... --well, the card's expired now-- but I've been back twice, and still love that piece of meat.
LOVE: -white chocolate creme brulee. -mud pie. -FRESH seafood! -extensive wine selection. i had the petite cut steak and i guess i should've gotten the prime rib. i asked for medium rare and it was pretty much well done to me. ate only half of the already small portion. they give a pretty generous serving of the mashed potatoes. overpriced? a tad. but the servers are excellent.
I come here for lunch now and then and usually get the same thing:  the Hickory Burger.  It's good.  I also had the daily special chilly con carne the other day -- it was real good.  The service is usually pretty entertaining, as the waiters tend to be upbeat experienced professional waiters rather than sloopy teenagers.  The decor is great for generating a steak appetite.  I've been here on business and with friends, sometimes in a tie, sometimes in jeans, you fit in either way. Parking at lunch can be tight, as some people hog two spots and you might be forced to drive all the way down El Camino to get around the neighborhood street barriers so you can park close to the restaurant.  They take reservations for lunch.  On a Thursday or Friday especially, I would recommend getting there before or after the lunch rush to avoid a parking mess.
I live literally a mile from Sundance, have driven by countless times, and FINALLY went in for the first time in my life last night.  Now I feel like an idiot for not knowing about the amazingness that lies within for all these years!  I guess I always thought it was the kind of expensive place you only go to for celebrating someone passing the postal exam or being released from prison.  But honestly, it's no more expensive than the fly-by-night "hip" places downtown, where you leave feeling like a sucker (and hungry).  Plus, BONUS!  Between 5-6pm they offer a special fixed price menu that costs less than a drunken 2am Taco Bell run. Anyway, my review will be pretty boring as all I have to say about every dish is "ZOMG! AMAZING!"  But the lobster bisque, the crab cakes, the filet mignon spring rolls, the prime rib, the creme brulee . . .  zomg zomg.  Great atmosphere, like a romantic gentlemen's club (NO! Not that kind).  Attentive service, excellent food, down the street from my place . . . bottom line is I'll weigh 1000 pounds in a few months.
Perfectly roasted, tender prime rib. Baked potato with sour cream, butter and chives...perfect.  Decent Caesar salad. Great service, great drinks and a good wine list. Haven't had prime rib this good in a long time.
My Wife took me here for my birthday when we were still dating. It has a very romantic atmosphere and a great steak (something for the lady, something for the guy). It can be extremely packed at times, and I suggest making a reservation rather than stopping in.
For the price they ask you to pay they should quality control their staff a lot better. I took my mom in for her birthday and we sat for 10 minutes while the tables around us servers' had come taken their drink orders, brought them back and then take their food orders. No one made eye contact with us or even cared to acknowledge our existence. Ok, maybe a flaw in communication. Nope, our waiter finally comes over after I go and ask the hostesses about it, doesn't apologize, and he takes our drink order and disappears for another 10 minutes. I was infuriated. He finally comes back acting chipper, no apology or even bread... I will not go back. The prime rib tasted good...but it was overpriced and the sides were small and far between. I will not recommend.
Expensive steak house, very heavy potato and steak meals, but I'm content with going to Outback and paying 1/3rd the price. Downside is the prices are high and the atmosphere is rich old people. But if you told me to go there for dinner, I wouldn't turn it down.
3.5 Stars This place reminded me of a gentlemen's club, you walk in and it has dark furniture, a fire burning, oak tables and a swanky ambiance.  It is dark and great for a romantic date. Ambiance 5/5 The food was delicious as well- and it better be for the price! I got the short ribs that fell right off the bone as they were supposed to.. I would give it a 4/5 because it wasn't as hot as I like it. I hate cold food and this was boarderline.. 3.5/5 The hostess was a snot. She must know its hard to get into because she was cold and unwelcoming- I dont think she smiled at any of the people that she greeted. Not a friendly first impression 2/5 That being said, its good for a special occasion!
I ate here tonight for the 6th or 7th time and decided its definitely time to share my experiences. First let me say if you start in the bar they have a list of their drinks - but try the purple hooter martini.  Yummy This place is good for business, a date, or just a get together of friends. Yes, its a bit pricey but the food so is worth it.  A petite prime rib is about $24 and comes with a potato ( baked or smashed).  It is so good I just can't find the words to portray it well enough.  The baked potato  had was fluffy and good just right as well.  I was with a group of four for a business meeting they each enjoyed their meals as well. The wait staff - Never let's your glass get close to empty, always the most professional service - How do they remember all the details of those specials? The atmosphere - The bar good place to watch a game - you can sit at the bar or chose the pair of couches by the fireplace.  Its dotted for 3 or four high tops that seat 2 each. The dining room - white linens candle light dimness thru out - I mean get the flash light out to read the menu dim. For a group of friends, a romantic encounter great - but for a business meeting you may want to seek out a table that is one of the better lit ones.  Its just better when you can see the face of the person you are wheeling and dealing with - ya' know? This night I didn't dessert but in the past I've had the mud pie - share it with at least 3 people believe me!
Went to Sundance last night for our 1 year wedding anniversary...and it definitely lived up to our expectations!  The service was phenomenal - our waiter was extremely courteous and very informative. Food was amazing...ordered the filet and was very satisfied.  Highly recommend...
Sundance is ok, but way too expensive for what it is. We went there on Thursday night.  My husband and I both had the 7 oz filet mignon, and I had a glass of wine.  The bill was about $85 before tax and tip (but I had a company discount, so we didn't end up paying that much).  The meat was good, if overcooked, but the promised "side of vegetables" was a few miserable slices of carrots and a couple of steamed broccoli.  The place was also pretty crowded and loud, and it was hard to have a conversation at the table. All in all I would never go back there if I had to pay full price.  It's not that much better than Outback, at more than double the price.
A quintessential classic Steakhouse serving huge cuts of Prime Rib. All things considered good to see a place doing so well in the current economic climate. Not a cheap eat but pretty good value and huge portions. The lighting was pretty dim, there is a fine line between mood lighting and just plain dark! I always worry what a place is trying to hide with poorly lit rooms. We opted, naturally for the Prime Rib, beautifully cooked but a little lacking in flavor. The meat was tender and obviously of top quality but could perhaps have done with more hanging or just a really good dose of seasoning! A little salt goes a long way... Certainly would visit again, I actually liked the laid back vibe of the place, it feels very much like a place with a large repeat business and I can see why. Good effort...
When I first visited here summer of last year, I liked this place. The rare filet mignon was awesome. 4.5 stars. And I had prime rib, which was also good. So I recommended this place to my friends. I visited here again with a friend of mine this year and I was quite disappointed about the medium rare filet mignon. The taste was.. just not right. And looked overcooked outside, but I didn't think cooking again would be a solution. My friend ordered maybe rib eye and he couldn't finish half of his dish. Appetizers were all right. Another friend who's fan of this place said that he was also disappointed since last winter but he wasn't sure enough. I don't know it may depend on the day of week visiting here, or just a little randomness. But I still think this place is worth visiting. Maybe I'll not order filet mignon again here.
Food was an excellent value for their "twilight" special and very tasty. I had the clam chowder and Wild Salmon entree with vegetables and a baked potato. I did not finish my clam chowder because it was a tad oversalted. My waiter insisted on giving me a cup of the soup du jour instead and reported my complaint to the kitchen even though i asked him not to. The kitchen agreed with my taste buds and did make a change to that batch. For dessert I had the home made apple pie. It was delicious and the crust was nice and flaky. The service was excellent from my waiter down to the bussers. My water glass and ginger ale were never more than half empty before they were refilled. I am only withholding one star because the hostesses were a bit snooty. Can't wait to go again and would be happy to pay for their full price entrees. -N
You must try their prime rib sandwich. *Drool* its finger licking delicious. I've ordered to-go here many times for lunch. My favorite menu items are the prime rib sandwich or the skirt steak salad. Both dishes are very good and satisfying. The service here is decent for to-go orders. The complimentary bread and butter is awesome.
service: awesome!! food: oysters were fresh and the prime rib was succulent!!! couldn't ask for anything more!! =)
This restaurant was very disappointing. While the service was good, as well as the atmosphere and interior, the food itself was not. I ordered the fish and I know what you're thinking -- I am stupid for ordering fish at a steak house! But that is no excuse for the fish tasting chewy, old, bland and dry. It was terrible. The sides were also bad and they are the exact sides that accompany all their meat issues. It was boring, steamed, bland broccoli. The starches were also bland and boring. I felt as though I was dining on a cruise ship. I am sure some eighty year old man's heart quickens over dry, tasteless food, but this place is not worth the money or time. My boyfriend ordered the prime rib and while he certainly didn't belly ache over its quality like I did, he was disappointed, too. Save your money and go to a real steakhouse.
We love this place! Food is great and dimmed just enough. Service is great, we have not had a bad experience. We love their wedge salad and chowder is damn good.
Sunset meal is a bargain if you  there between 5-6pm. Had the prime rib with clam chowder soup and baked potatoes with vegetables on the side (broccoli and carrots) all for $20.
Always a good spot to get an excellent dinner.  Happy Hour isn't bad either.  This is a great spot for a date or just a get together with friends.  Good wine list and the bar area is classic/sporty. The steak here is wonderful.  Also if you are sticking to a healthy diet, the fish is excellent and they will customize your dish so you can eat clean and still have great tasting food.  I recommend the halibut and asparagus when doing the eat clean menu.
Very good beef.  Get there early to make sure there is still have prime rib.  Been there a few times and they would run out of prime rib. Pricey was worth it. Parking alittle bad because of the small parking lot they have.  Not alot of street parking.  This is why I gave them 4 stars.  Otherwise I would give them 5 stars.
Went here on Nov. 7, 2008 for lunch with folks from the office. I've been coming here for office lunches for many years.  I'm not a big steak eater, but non meat eaters have a lot of options here.  The ahi has never disappointed me. On this trip I had a Shrimp Louis salad, which for me as a native Californian, is a childhood comfort food, bringing back happy memories of taking out-of-state relatives and friends to Fisherman's Wharf.  It was well-executed at Sundance, vegetables super fresh, not a single wilted spot on anything.  Shrimp was very fresh too. Two people in my party had burgers and fries. I sampled the fries, very good, with some spices other than just salt. Another person ordered French Dip Au Jus sandwich.  It had very thick slices of beef and was about 8" high.  These types of sandwiches are usually served with thinner sliced beef, but it looked good. Our waiter was superb!  On top of every detail.
Good food. Bad service. I have been going to Sundance off and on for over 10 years. It isn't a place we go often as it is not in our immediate area. It was a good place to suggest for a nice business dinner after a day of busy meetings. We went twice in about a month and both times the service was severely lacking. We felt as we were being pushed hard to order, eat and leave. When we pay this much for food, we expect to take our time and eat on our own schedule. It wasn't if the restaurant was full or packed both nights. This is the last time I am going to suggest this place but would accept an invite in the future. We will not be returning on our own.
As good as it gets. You know you're living a fine life when you get to experience such amazing food, atmosphere and expertly crafted cocktails and wine. Bring LOTS OF MONEY. You'll need it.
I can only give Sundance The Steakhouse 3 out of 5 stars.  The service was the WORST!!! The 3 hostesses were totally snobs and completely uncooperative in accommodating a party of 5 to a party of 6.  To make matters worse we were there for a 30th birthday celebration.  When I sneaked one of the hostesses the 30th Birthday candle she blurted out in front of our whole party "I will give the candle to your server and ask her to put it on top of our signature dessert cakes". So much for that surprise! Besides the water and bread guy our server was know where to be found. Dinner took over 3 hours for 5 people.  The food was amazing but not sure I would go back.  If you are going to pay that much money for a steak house you expect decent service.
Sundance was a favorite of mine back in the 1980s, so I recently visited them again. Their steaks are generally very good cuts of meat, but the flavoring ranges from very good (ribeye) to mediocre (filet mignon). While the service is quite friendly, sometimes the food can take a long time to arrive after placing an order. With all of the competition out there for steak places, Sundance needs to improve in a few areas before I'll consider them one of my favorites.
Fine steak house. The food and service is always very good. Make reservations since they are always busy. It's hard to wait in the bar because it's always full. The 5-6pm early special is a great deal. $19 for a fine dinner is a deal. The prime rib was excellent as is the filet.
Sinfully yummy! I love the food and service here. My husband and I ate here one evening I had a total craving for steak. I must admit I would only give the girls in the front a one star for stuck up attitude, but our server was amazing. Plenty of props to the chef's who pump out the most amazing food from the kitchen!
After a 7 hour drive I really needed a drink and some carbs. From the outside this place looked like a typical steakhouse, we walked in and found it was actually a lot more high class then we assumed. We were just looking for an appetizer but none of them were appealing to someone who was craving actual food. The waitress was so nice and very attentive, the martinis were good, and the calamari that we settled on was surprisingly filling. I felt great until the check came, the quality of the food was not at all on par with the price. Still, it was very calm and classy, a nice place for an impromptu date night.
Sundance is one of the places in Palo Alto to go to when you want to go out on a date with your significant other.  Lights are dim and all of the tables are candlelit.  Their specialties are definitely the Prime Rib and Filet Mignon hence it being called a steak house however the Ahi is amazing.  They have great apps such as the Filet Mignon Eggrolls, the scallops, and a Wedge Salad that is done just right.  It is consistantly good and a reliable dining establishment with a great wine selection.  Grab the little chocolate candy sticks on your way out.
This is my 3rd visit to Sundance. It is an upscale restaurant that I normally use for business guests. I ordered the filet mignon and in fact most of our table had that. It was cook as requested and I really enjoyed the meal. The restaurant is dimly lit and would also be appropriate for a date. We had a local California wine and it was great.
I came here with a group of friends for the "sunset" dinner...$19.95 for a full steak dinner if you come between 5pm and 6pm.  The ambiance was nice...intimate and semi-formal.  The steak was just okay...the quality wasn't any better than Black Angus' to me.  I should have gotten the prime rib!
More like 4 and a half stars for this!  I went there for the first time last night.  It was recommended by a friend to have great streaks and I'm a big steak eater.  I came away quite impressed and will surely go back.  The food that I ate was delicious and the portions were generous.  I had lots of leftovers for lunch today. I had the calamari appetizer.  It was breaded in panko and deep fried.  Served with classic cocktail sauce and a creamy wasabi mayo.  The wasabi mayo was the bomb and the calamari was prefectly cooked.  Not too greasy and just the right amount of breading.  I had the lobster bisque which was good and the caesar salad.  The caeser salad was very good.  They gave you a choice of anchovy slices over the top.  The salad was not overly dressed like most caesars, but just right. My main meal was the teriyaki filet mignon skewers.  It was five big pieces of filet on a skewer with grilled veggies (about 8 to 10 ounces of meat per the waiter).  The meat melted in my mouth.  My dinner date had their prime rib which is what they are known for.  I did not get the chance to sample her prime rib simply because I was too full! We passed on dessert but had coffee.  I read in a review that this place serves really good coffee and they are right.  I'm a big coffee drinker and love a good strong and flavorful cup of joe (not the Starbuck's special).  That was a perfect ending to our meal. The half star that I docked for this review is for a culmination of little things that may not bother others.  The restaurant was way too dark.  I guess that is for the ambience, however, I almost knocked over a wine rack in the middle of the floor coming back from the bathroom because I could barely see where I was going (not kidding!).  Also, our waiter was great through dinner, but then as the restaurant got crowded, his service dropped off.  It took for ever for him to come back to us for our coffee order and another eternity for him to come back for our check.  I looked around for him a saw him chit-chatting with a co-worker at the bar for some time while we were waiting. All in all, this place has great food and the food is wonderfully prepared.  If you want a good steakhouse dinner, I'd recommend this place.  You might want to bring one of those key chain, flash lights in case you have to go to the bathroom during dinner.
Appetizer: - The lobster bisque soup was pretty good. - The oyster on half shell was good too but not worth the price ($13.25 for 6). - The Chardonnay wine that the waiter recommend to us was very good, especially for the price ($38/bottle). Main entrees: - Prime rib. One of the better steak I have ever had. Nicely cooked for medium rare and quite juicy. But again I was expecting more for the price. - The scallop side dish came with 4 decent sized scallops. The sauce was ok. The inside of the scallop was a little too soft and felt like I was eating scallop sashimi. Would have been nice if it was a sashimi grade scallop but not sure of this one. Regardless it was fairly good. - Fillet mignon. Pricy for the small portion at 7oz. Can't really say much about this one. It was just ok. - Lobster Tail. Too dry. Market price so make sure to ask first. It was $45 for the entree and only slightly lower as a side dish. Dessert: Didn't have time to order dessert but the waiter brought us what looked like an espresso ice-cream mud pie and it was awesome. Service: It was ssslllooooowwww like watching the paint dry. But have to also note that the 4 tables around us moved much faster than our table. So maybe it was just our waiter that was taking his time. Curteous and friendly but he seemed too busy to really take care of our table. Towards the end a couple other waiters actually helped move things along with filling up our water, asking if everything was ok, helping with the check, etc. Got there at 6:45mp, got out at 10pm. Ambiance: Rustic and tried to be romantic but it was very noisy, felt a little more cramped than cozy. Maybe it would have been better if we got a table in their little nooks/booths. Overall: The food in general was fairly good but not quite for the price. I probably would not come back a 2nd time but definitely not a bad option if you just want to give it a try.
Great Food Great Service Great Atmosphere Great Roast Beef Just do it you won't be disappointed!
There is no better restaurant in Palo Alto than Sundance.  The owners, the Fletchers (Bob, Galen and Aron), and the entire staff are second to none.  If you want the perfect balance of great service with great food, great wine and great atmosphere, Sundance is the ticket.  For dinner, my wife swears by the Caesar and Ahi, and I continuously go with the filet.  Hang out in the bar area with Trang ("Chang") or go for a booth in Jeff' or Roy's area for the best service.  Rico is a great manager and sommalier, and he'll help with wine selctions.   For lunch the Ahi, Asian chicken, chicken sandwich, blackjack burger or fish du jour rocks.  For lunch, the place to be is in the bar area or "upstairs"  where Don will treat you right. They even have a kids menu, and our son loves the calamari and pasta.
Sundance delivers a great prime rib. The cream of spinach is also really good. The place can be pretty hectic right around 6 pm though and tough to get a table so make reservations. Parking is also a little tough at times too. Sundance also has a great wine menu. If you dine between 5 pm and 6 pm, you can catch the early bird special which is $19.95 prime rib, which I think it regularly around $32. They have a nice bar atmosphere too to grab a drink before you eat.
Absolutely terrible service. After placing my order I ended up being asked by the manager what was my problem and that no he couldn't take my order because he was not the waitress. I ended up walking out. Never have I had such terrible service in my life. I guess unless they see the black Amex sitting in your wallet they think they don't need to treat you with respect
dude up in a hoodie amongst the classy looking scholars and preppies were these two people who doesn't care what they looked like that night...all they care was to eat some excellent slab of steak and a fresh piece of their fish. greeted with welcoming friendliness by these two foxy ladies, they felt that this place was for everyone...not only for the alumna or elites of stanford university or palo alto residents. she selected the table by the corner, near the bar where the ambience was romantic. lighting was really dimmed and the people seated at the bar were talking quietly....totally odd for a bar scene. they were offered a warm french bread with butter. she ordered a pricey absolut lemon drop drink that was deliciously mixed and he only had a glass of coke. he had the regular cut steak, medium cooked and they sure know how to cook it right! juicy enough, that the meat was tender. not up to chowing down some meat, she decided on some good 'ol omega-3 fatty dish, aka as grilled salmon. it was carefully and precisley grilled. the edges were pleasantly crisped and the rest was soft and tasty! the garlic mashed potatoes was something you lust for and the veggies were also acceptably steamed. another thing that she was impressed about was the washrooms. it was clean, well-supplied with these thick napkins that you can throw in their brown wicker baskets. the walls has pictures of people ( she especially liked the hollywood babes in bathing suits circa 1930's..) in black and white. the service was truly awesome and these two people will definitely be back.
Highly recommend this place.The meat was tender. I had the prime rib medium rare ,delicious. Overall the ambiance and the food just makes it the perfect meal!
Good steak but probably wouldn't go back because there was nothing special about the experience. For the price we paid, I'd rather go to Ruth Chris
I liked the atmosphere - very mellow and relaxing. Food was decent - nothing amazing. It's a nice place to eat for social events like birthdays and the such if either you're rich or you're not paying.
Average-tasting American food for exorbitant prices.  It's way too dark in the restaurant - if they turned the lighting up just a notch it'd be great.  I do like their free matches, but that's it.
I was terrified about moving to the Bay area, in part because I thought everyone would be a bunch of tea-sippin' grass eaters. Thankfully, at least in my neck of the woods, menus continue to be dominated by a variety of meat dishes. I was thankful when an acquaintance offered to spring for dinner at Sundance, because I was in dire need of a good cut of meat. Before I get to the important part, let me fill you in on the not-meat items. I tend to avoid the wine list in places like this because a) I don't know anything about wine; b) I don't care to know anything about wine; and c) the one thing I do know about wine is how obscenely marked up it is in places like this. The beer list was not even a 12-pack, so I opted for liquor. As for food, we started with a calamari appetizer, which was fairly standard. Fried calamari is a very hard dish to prepare well: either the breading tends to fall to the side, or it clings tenaciously to the squid because it is too grease-soaked, like this portion. (This is the type of dilemma for which genetic engineering is designed, folks.) With our meal, the steamed veggies were colorful and crisp, but hell, this ain't the Sizzler buffet, so they damn well should be. Speaking of which, Sundance's garlic mashed potatoes recipe may have been cribbed from the Sizzler. Instant mashed potatoes + milk + garlic cloves. Totally amateurish. Your only other options are rice pilaf (which was nothing worth noting) or a baked potato (also available on the Sizzler buffet). And now, meat. One companion was disappointed by her tiny boat of seafood, which appeared to have perhaps two shrimp and four scallops. The rest of us had gone beefward. *Author's note: I must concede that, although I am quite passionate about steak, I do not agree with those who insist that you can't appreciate a good steak unless it's still red and bloody in the middle. Wrong: I want to eat a steak, not a tampon. I like my beef to taste like mmmeat instead of a mouthful of pennies. Thus, when the server said, "You'd like that medium rare, I presume?" I had to quell my rant by biting my tongue (which, if done with enough force, is not unlike rare steak) and offering correction: "No, done. Well." Despite my clear request, my steak was not cooked through. The outside parts were delicious: the texture was perfect and the meat was moist and flavorful. As I worked my way beyond the outer edge, it became obvious to me that my steak was medium well at best. The middle was too underdone for my tastes, but being a good eater, I trucked through. Still, if you're calling yourself a steak house---pardon, "Sundance THE Steakhouse"---you better know how to cook a damn steak. Overall: overpriced. I'd only go back if someone else was picking up my tab and I had a one-track mind for meat, because nothing else here is noteworthy. And next time, I'll be sure to give my server the "steak is not a tampon" speech.
I am digging this place. Had the cobb salad..it was so massive i had a hard time staying awake for the drive back to the city. Nice dark interior sets a good mood. Great place to take clients for lunch.
Dare I say it.... Better then House of Primerib!
Prime Rib at its finest! Just when I thought nobody could top Alexander's Steakhouse, Sundance The Steakhouse didn't fail to rise to the competition. My gorgeous wife decided to surprise and takes me to Sundance Steakhouse after getting to know some employees who she befriended at her place of business. It was a Friday evening at 7:00 pm when we arrived there and seating was getting limited to those without reservations. The hostess who she knows was off for the day due to a rotating schedule, but there was one table left and we took it. While we waited in the lobby, I noticed a room entrance that adjoined with the main dining room that contained a bar and a few booths and barstool tables. Behind us were decorations, plaques, and autographs of famous golfers and film stars. It didn't take long for them to prepare our table and the wait was very minimal. The young pretty hostess guided us to our table surrounded by other tables. The place was at capacity and I could barely hear any conversation I had with my wife. Our waiter was very cordial and made every attempt to help fulfill our order and make possible suggestions. We ordered two Standard Cut 10 ounce Prime Ribs, both medium rare, and came with vegetables. As a choice of sides, she ordered rice pilaf and I opted for the baked potato which included sour cream, chives, and crumbled smoked bacon. We also ordered a bowl of their famous New England Clam Chowder split in two, so the waiter gave us two cups. After a long week, the wife wanted to unwind with a cocktail and ordered a Lemon Drop while I stuck with water. Complimentary sourdough bread and fresh butter came out before our meal did to help wean us until the starter and main course arrived. The last time I came to Sundance was for a Valentines Dinner in 2008 and the U.S.D.A. Prime New York Strip was rubbery and salty, so I wasn't expecting too much. When the Clam Chowder came out in two cups, presentation was simple in cup and saucer. There weren't any crackers reminiscent of Fisherman's Wharf, but I didn't need them once I saw the large potato chunks. HINT:  The sourdough bread acted like crackers and tasted great when dipped in the chowder. Outstanding flavor, clammy taste, and a thick creamy texture kept me spooning for more until everything was gone and I wished I ordered a bowl instead. Soon enough, the waiter brought us thick steak knives and a little ways later, our Prime Ribs came out. When I laid my eyes on my plate, the first thing I thought was 'magnificent.'  An off-white large oval plate engulfed a large 10 ounce slap of medium rare Prime Rib with a good balance of fat and meat. A plump baked potato covered in sour cream, chives, and bacon graced the plate to my left and broccoli and carrots were centered in the middle. My wife's plate had the same items except rice pilaf for her side. Analyzing the meat, there was a superb balance of fat to meat ratio. With about 10% lean fat tucked away in all the right places, the prime rib was expertly marbleized. It was truly medium rare and succulent with every bite. I was stunned by the beauty of the meat that tantalized my taste buds and tasted even better when dipped in the au jus sauce. I mentioned to the waiter to remove the horseradish sauce from my plate when ordering. Vegetables were crisp and steamed just right. Although massive in size, the baked potato was incredible with an even disbursement of light sour cream and bacon. Since the meat was great in size, there was plenty to take home and my wife barely ate half her prime rib so we had everything else boxed up. At the finish of our meal, another waiter came out to take our plates and applied his crumb scraper to our table cloth. That was a nice added touch. Since we were both full from our feast, we didn't order any dessert. I've heard from my wife the desserts are huge similar to Claim Jumper in size and would've been a great end to a hearty meal like this except we were stuffed to the maximum. There's always next time, right? The total bill came to $74 before tax, and to me, that's alright in my book! The ambiance, food, and company were exceptionally perfect. I couldn't have asked for a better place to enjoy a slab of prime rib. Whether it's a business meeting for lunch or dinner, romantic evening for two or four, or table for one, I whole heartedly recommend Sundance The Steakhouse for all your meat marvels.
I've definitely had better prime rib, but I'd probably still go again until I can find a better steakhouse in the area. Its pricey, but so are most steakhouses.
A steak that good doesn't need Bordelaise sauce!  I would remove a star for that but it was a pretty damn good filet mignon!  Mushrooms were good, spinach wasn't very exciting.  Awesome wine list, all the wines I love, but we brought our own 2002 Obsidiana Cabernet Franc from Chalk Hill.  So Tasty!  Classy place!
got the house special [12 oz] prime rib with a side of mashed potatoes. i must admit, this probably the one of the best prime ribs i've ever had. some reason, they gave us the crummiest knives ever. they weren't serrated so it was difficult to cut. place is pretty pricy. doesnt hurt to try it at least once
Three of us visited Sundance Steakhouse last night and we had a very nice time. The service was excellent! We had an older gentleman as a server and he was there when he needed to be and wasn't when he didn't need to be. The restaurant was packed, but you could still have a conversation at your table without talking too loudly. Obviously, each of us had a steak as our entree. They were terrific. I had the 13 oz. New York Strip ($40) and it was cooked perfectly medium-rare. The steak was extra tender and did not need any of the sauce they give you. The steak itself was flavorful enough. My wife had the petite sirloin ($22 on the Sunset menu) cooked medium and she, too, said it was cooked perfect and was very tender. My Mom had the 7 oz filet mignon ($37) and it was delicious. I had to taste it and it is among some of the most tender steak I've had (despite being cooked medium). Sundance provides you with warm, fresh bread right away and each entree comes with veggies and your choice of potato. For dessert we chose the chocolate torte and the mud pie, both were very good. Overall, a great steakhouse that is definitely worth the cost!
Had dinner here in late March 2011 for our friend's birthday.  I can't remember what we ordered exactly (steak, shrimp, and pasta I think).  Food was good. Great hostesses!  Love the ambiance. But our server Jennifer V seemed to have a problem with us being asian when she herself is asian. No usual greeting of good evening, didnt even hear her introduce herself (i only know her name because it's on the bill), no smile but she managed to raise her eyebrow.  She only checked on us once and no warmth at all.  Unlike other servers in the many restaurants that I've been to who from time to time glances at their tables to check on their customers, not Jennifer V.  When I needed a refill of water I had to call her to ask for water. She looked at me but a male waiter jumped right in to get me water. To me great customer service is a big part  of any business but employees like Jennifer V ruins the image of any business.
okay so im very picky with my steaks and prime rib I like em' TENDER AND JUICY! and this place definitly hits the spots in all areas of my tastebuds! I use to work by here so the co-workers and I would have lunch here about 3 times a week .. Sure its a bit pricey, but its well worth it. THE clam chower is like no other, they serve that daily! but the LOBSTER BISQUE! WHOOOOOOAAAA lemme tell you... "IT IS BY FAR THE BEST SOUP I'VE EVER TASTED!" its too bad they only serve it friday-sunday! I also recommend getting the french dip! and any of their burgers! they have this type of orange sauce SUPREMELY GOOD! OKAY WHATEVER ANYWAY!  JUST TRY THIS PLACE !!! YOUR MISSING OUT!
AWESOME FOOD, AWESOME SERVICE. Ask to sit in Grace's section when you go. She is very attentive and makes you feel like you are the only table she is helping- but not in the suffocating way! The entire menu is fabulous. I usually order the NY strip or the ribeye. You can NEVER go wrong with either of those two. Oh, and you must add on the scallops - even better. The night I went with my friends, they had a lobster bisque and it was just to die for. TOTALLY Delish. Maybe I'll have my birthday party here... hmmm.....
P and I were quite disappointed last night.  POOR service the first complaint.  You expect white haired guys in white jackets with towels on their arms to know the business.  This guy did everything wrong, starting with dumb joke -- we came for steak, not lame comedy club.  From the get-go he was over familiar.  We ordered oysters, P chose the rib eye, I the NY strip.  The oysters were forgottien.  Waiter said, "Oh, did I forget again?  I just forgot an oyster order for the table behind you."   Duhhh?  What can I do with that information?  Join the crowd?  We never got the oysters. My strip steak ($39) was fine, but P's ribe eye $27 was tough and overcooked -- what can you expect for $27?  The zinfandel, the only one by the glass, was excellent.  P's mashed potatoes were very good, my baked OK.  For P's second glass of wine she waited and had to remind the guy. P had a hard day and we'd been eating a lot of fish at home.  We were ready for a really good steak.  We might have went to Safeway? We were ready to go when the waiter came to push the desserts.  No, P said, then the guy got down on his knees at our table (Yes) and proceeded to tell P how the birthday girl deserved a great tiramisu.  What?  No one said anything about birthday (that was 2 months past), plus P hates tiramisu.  What part of NO did he not understand? I told him calmly we've had poor service and we are ready to go.  He brought the check and proceeded to tell me that I should not tip but that he was standing in for someone else and shouldn't be working today.  What baloney; programmed to get a tip he didn't deserve? The bill was $115 before tip.  It will be hard for us to come back here. There was no one at the front as we left else I would have complained there.  For these prices you should get good steak to your order and efficient service, not a clown who laughs off your forgotten order.
I say - Just 3 stars, maybe even 2.5 stars. I had seen their sushi appetizer and filet pictures on Yelp and was really interested in checking out another steak house in the Bay Area. When we first got inside, there was 3 gossipy teenage wanna-be waif Hostess's chatting up a storm and I almost hesitated going in. We were seated right away but Hostess failed to give us a wine menu. When I inquired about it, they looked at each other and giggled - Turns out they didn't think we were old enough to drink (So, um.... I'm 27 and he's 29). Fine, whatever - STRIKE 1. The server came up and I noticed right away she didn't seem to be having the best night. She was also young but looked tired and displaced (I can't win!!!) - STRIKE 2. We ended up ordering the Ahi Appetizer and Jumbo Prawn Cocktail, the Tossed Sonoma shrimp salad for me and Prime Rib for him. Everything was really well done and I especially like the ahi tuna - very fresh. However, I really wish that I didn't have to enter "Drama-land" when I first opened the door and I wish I could have had a more personal and upbeat server. I think maybe I would go again just to give it a 2nd chance but I really was not impressed.
Management is rude.  There is no way to enjoy a meal when you know the establishment does not put customer service ahead of profit.  The food is ok, but there are so many other places to eat.
This is the best steak house I think I've ever been to. It's huge, quiet, and very professional. I think it's best for intimate celebrations, such as engagements or anniversaries. Their wine selection is vast, and the wine racks also provide the decoration as they line the walls of the different dining areas. The service? Impeccable. Really professional people who clearly deserve to be making a living off the amazing job they do. Of course, for myself, I'll always order the filet mignon with the baked potato side. New York cheesecake for dessert. The swordfish was also delicious, and I believe in general they prepare quite tasty seafood dishes.
Perfect Blue Agave Martini! Just cold enough, beautiful blue color, and taste was delicious. I had the petite prime rib and although I am not a huge fan of meat, but I just loved it. Everything tasted perfect together, broccoli, carrots and tomato.
I enjoy fine dining and have been to many steakhouses across the country like EPIC Roasthouse, Harris, Izzy's, Flemings, Mortons, Houston's, House of Prime Rib, Hap's, Ruth Chris, Dan Marino's, Don Shula's, Alexanders, Sparks,  and each of these restaaurants offer a unique experience but none of them compare to the overall 5 star rating I give Sundance because they are family owned and offer great food and service with a smile.  Everyone in this restaurant is extremely  courteous and ensure that every experience is as good if not better than your last visit and they always recognize and thank you for coming back.  I enjoy bringing my top clients and best friends into this restaurant and celebrating my birthday.  One of my favoritte pastimes as I have been dining here for the past 13 years starting in college after a busy work week to stop in on a Friday afternoon and have an early dinner in their bar. My favorite items on their menu are Filet Mignon, Prime Rib, Lobster Bisque, Spring Rolls, & of course their Famous Mud Pie and their Illy Coffee.  I forgot to mention their great wine list and featured Cabernet by the glass.
Had lunch here the other day. The place is pretty busy given the location on El Camino. Park across the street and frogger over as the parking lot is small and narrow.  The place is pretty spacious and sort of reminds me of an old hunting lodge.. with a bar.   I ordered the 7 oz  steak with rice pilaf.  I ordered medium well, but it came out pretty cooked and dry. The rice pilaf was pretty dry and flavorless. The table bread was absolutely yummy though!  Warm!  I had a great glass of merlot with lunch and the hot apple pie a la mode for dessert. I've heard people rave about this place, so maybe I'll give it another try. Two of my companions ordered the prime rib. It looked more fatty than meat.  For now, 2 stars.
So many people I know LOVE LOVE LOVE this place.....I find it overrated.  I have been coming here since I was a kid and although I find it to always be a good meal, it never wows me.
I think it's a pretty small protest to change my rating to one star because of the owner's behavior toward Mel S. and Kym C., but it's all I can do. I encourage you to do the same. Maybe next time he won't be quite as rude to a customer who might be on Yelp.
Nothing new to say: really good, really dark, and really expensive.
They have great steaks but the service isn't that great. We walked into the restaurant maybe 30mins earlier than our reservations. The place was obviously empty yet the hostess wouldn't seat us. I guess that's fine..maybe those seats were for people who had earlier reservations than us. We asked the hostess what we can do in the area since there partically wasn't a waiting area except for the bar. The hostess didn't really seem to care to help us..she wasn't even busy doing anything. She was just a bit rude. Even our server wasn't all that friendly either...so I'm minusing a star for bad service! Also minusing a star because the fact that they don't have a waiting area is a bit ridiculous!   I might come back here only because their food wasn't too shabby but the prices are a bit steep though.
A very good steakhouse with superb prime rib and a great whiskey peppercorn sauce to go with it; pricey and worth it.  The clam chowder is rich and delicious.  The restaurant is quiet and provides excellent ambience for a leisurely dinner with friends.
I really like the lobster bisque here. Other than that, the steak is amazing, it is pricey but definitely a nice steakhouse right across from Stanford. I liked how when we went for our dinner, they gave us a beautiful dining spot next to the fireplace. According to one of my friends, it was because the manager recognized him as a customer who had eaten there once with a vip? But yes, nice venue, nice steak, nice desserts.
Fantastic steaks. It has a nice atmosphere, but everything is casual in California so come as you are! On the pricier side.
thought this place would have decent steak, sad to say it did not,!got there at 8pm on a thursday night they were out of there signature prime rib, the wait with reservations was about 20 minutes. inside was dark, kinda reminded me of a house you would see in tahoe all wood beams outdoorsy feel, service not so great, food also not so great, ordered the new york steak since they were out of prime rib (dry not juicy), people inside seemed really happy until they got there food haha, alot of folks keep telling me this place was good to eat at i felt it more of being a hungry hunger wanna be, maybe I will give it another go later down the line if im in the area but for now one star. customer service - not very helpful food - sizzler looking and tasting price - $$$ better going off to sizzler of hungry hunter.
Sundance is the ultimate steakhouse experience!! The vibe is masculine and cozy and the food great! The best part is the service! The wait staff is beyond kind and accommodating! If you want a great traditional steakhouse experience...Sundance is for you!
Their prime rib is absolutely perfect!!! I got the standard cut, rare plus and it was amazing! The second you put the cut in your mouth, it melts immediately! I'd say it's just as good as HOPR. Calamari was also delish!
Great Food, Great Service, Great Night. It's been a while since I've been there, but I'll never forget how wonderful the server was, and how delicious the food was.  I took a girl there for a first date, was greeted warmly, and seated promptly.  Sometimes servers are too fast and they seem like they are trying to get you off the table, while others disappear forever when you want to get your check.  Our service at Sundance was just right, attentive, without feeling rushed.  I highly recommend this location, for it's exceptional cuisine, and great service!
I went to this place back in Jan 2008.   Awesome!!!!  Excellent service, friendly, knowledgeable host and servers.  Steaks were just . . . cannot put into words, but beyond awesome. The wine selection was impressive. The decor and atmosphere was great for a intimate setting. It was worth the price,  specially if you take your significant other or date. Oh yeah, the deserts were . . .wait for it . . . Awesome!
I love Sundance.  I always have.  Their steaks are amazing, the clam chowder is just sinful, and the desserts are out of this world.  My husband and I went for our anniversary last September, and the food and service were all just incredible.  Our waiter even talked us into ordering a less expensive bottle of wine than the one we had originally chosen.  And it was fantastic! My eyes light up and my mouth waters every time my husband suggests we go to Sundance.
Went for business lunch for 5.  Available parking, seated quickly, 'steakhouse ambiance', easy conversation (not noisy) .  Friendly waitstaff,  very tender and nicely cooked prime rib, starters and sides nothing to write home about.
