This restaurant is solid and should be 4/5 stars.  I've read some reviews that say the food here is "just OK".  I completely disagree.  The food here is consistently VERY GOOD.  My wife and daughter love this place.  My daughter's favorite is the chow mein (any kind).  I'm not a chow mein guy, but I'm always taking off her plate because it's that good! Their treatment of spicy dishes is good--they do the hot and spicy thing right. I like the decor, the service is on-point and the waiters know what they're talking about--very experienced. It's a bit far from our place, but we take the drive once in a while to get our favorite Chinese.  Don't let bad reviews keep you from trying this place.  You'll find some good stuff here.
I've been coming here for years and years: any excuse will do to swing by for the Spicy Flounder and the Snow Pea Greens... and the green beans... and the pot stickers... and the friendly staff... and.... I've introduced the place to out-of-town friends who now insist on coming back any time they visit.  And I'm more than happy to join them!
Been here a few times for lunch. The food isn't bad. Better than just ok. Service is quick. The food comes out in a matter of minutes. Main reason I come here for lunch. Friendly staff. Surprised to find they have outdoor seating under a canopy. Limited parking lot in the back. Careful, its a long, blind one lane driveway. Hate to say it, but park in the Boston Market parking lot next door.
Just got back from my 2nd trip to this excellent Chinese restaurant. They've got daily lunch specials, and they aren't strict about them (want chicken instead of beef, no problem). Each of the specials comes with a spring roll and small hot and sour soup. On my first trip, I had the Chicken Chow Fun (not on menu, just ask). This is one of my favorite dishes, and they do it right. Second visit, Beef w/ Broccoli. Another one of my standards, they serve it nice and garlicky. Two for two, two plus two = four stars!
I love this place!! I always get the Kung Pao Chicken, Sweet and Sour Pork and Hot and Sour Soup and I'm never disappointed!!  My family also loves the Honey Walnut Prawns (but I don't eat nuts so I can't say personally).  Funny staff, very friendly and great food, good place for a nice dinner out.
Oh Lord, Hunan Garden has really gotten a disproportionate amount of my wallet over the years. I love this place! Hot and sour soup, pot stickers, sesame chicken and honey walnut prawns are my favorites...I know, it doesn't sound very adventurous, but this is my go-to standard chinese place (I would really try anything here). I love the staff, so warm and friendly. Take out or eat in, Hunan's the spot!
I remember eating at Hunan Garden years ago, when it was relatively new and popular. It seemed pretty swanky back then. They must still be paying off the decorating costs, because it was looking somewhat "long in the tooth" on my recent visits: The chairs are pretty beat up, and the walls had plenty of dings and scuff marks. The whole place could've used a paint job. They have fish tanks lining the walls, but the two up front are cloudy and overcrowded. (The fish look sad). The ones in back are half empty and appear unpopulated. At least they still have a large outdoor patio in back, which is mostly shady. The baseline lunch specials go for a very standard $7.95; includes soup, and an egg roll.  I've found the food to be average: -- Hot and spicy shredded pork: Pretty good, and a large serving, though a few pieces were a bit rubbery. 3.5 stars for good value. -- Prawns w/ broccoli:  ($8.95) Eight medium-sized shrimp plus the broc. Very garlicky. Portion was a little small, but I'd get it again. 3 stars. For me the best part of Hunan Garden was the lightening quick service and friendly staff.  For that reason alone, I'd come back here for a speedy lunch. (Not enough for a rating upgrade, but I want to let them know it's appreciated).
Not my favorite Chinese restaurant, but it's good for the area it's in. The lunch special is a good deal--white rice, egg roll, and hot and sour soup. I recommend the Hunan beef and mapo tofu. Both had the right amount of spicy kick in it! I wish they were a bit less salty though. The decor and ambiance were surprisingly upscale. My friend and I sat outdoors and it was nice. Also helped the weather was great that day. We parked on the street since there were plenty of spaces available, but word on the street is there's a small lot in the back. If you're in the area and craving spicy Chinese food, go for it!
Good food Top Dishes Kung pao bean curd Hot spiced bean curd Spicy fried bean curd with orange peel
This is my second visit to Hunan Garden. This is definitely one of our preferred restaurants in Palo Alto. The food is always tasty - this time we've taken Beef with Orange peels and Broccoli Chicken, both were great. The staff is very friendly and makes you feel welcome. Being a family with young children, we know not all restaurants are too eager to have them, but here the are almost thrilled to have them. This time of the year (June), sitting on the patio is an additional treat. Enjoy!
Been coming here for over a year now with a co-worker of mine when we need to just get away from Corp Cafeteria food (HAHAHA no sarcasm here). Lunch time can get crowded no matter what part of the year it is. But people don't just kick it and stay long after they eat. Food is excellent here one of the few Ameri-Chinese restaurant I like in this area. The Tender Green(Bok Choy) Beef Tofu and Sesame Chicken are my faves. Lunch Hostess is nice and friendly as well as the staff. Parking can be a problem at times especially on El Camino if you can find a spot. But there is a narrow driveway (not recommended for lowered cars of any kind) that leads to the back of the restaurant and of course next door is Boston Market. It may seem cramped to some people, but I think I just got used to it. Well enjoy!!!
It was okay. Very americanized
Hot & Sour soup.... wow. Tender green tofu beef for $7.95 lunch special... double wow. I felt like I was on a cruise ship. There are circular windows that remind me of the ones you see on a ship. We also sat next to a big fat tank with lots of fish. I couldn't get a good look at the patio outside, but from where I sat, it looked nice and full of bamboo. The best part of the meal was my fortune in the cookie: "Now is a lucky time for you- take a chance" I'd be back for lunch again, and I'd recommend coming here for lunch if you're looking for good Chinese food.
Great lunch and service! We has a group of 12 and all went smooth!
I love Hunan Garden...but I'm terribly biased because my family hits this place about once a week and we are friends with Simon, the owner.  But outside of that, this place merits at least four stars!  The seafood is wonderfully fresh.  I highly recommend the Hong Kong crab, which is crab sauteed in a garlic ginger sauce over noodles (the noodles are covered in delicious sauce).  It's super messy, but easily worthwhile.  The pea greens, as someone already mentioned, are top notch.  My other favorites are:  hot and sour soup, sesame chicken, sizzling seafood, hunan eggplant, and the chinese broccoli with mushrooms.  If you are not sure what to order, ask Simon!  He always knows what is good that day and will gladly share. The service is fabulous.  For example:  today I dropped my chopsticks and hadn't said anything, but before I knew it, the waiter handed me a fresh pair!  The atmosphere is also pleasant, and Hunan Garden would be a respectable restaurant to bring a date.
Solid chinese food here. Love the garden/gazebo look in the courtyard. The service has been consistent and the owner, Simon recognizes me from when I used to eat at Hunan Home's down the street. Solid dishes: Sizzling plate eel West Lake Soup Bean Curd w/ Green Chives Garlic Sauteed Pea Sprouts Lettuce Cups Food is authentic tasting and is much more catered to traditional Chinese palattes instead of the glorified Panda Express style cuisine found throughout Palo Alto. It's easy to miss on El Camino so look for the Boston Market and prepare to make a hard right turn into the narrow driveway to get into the parking lot in the back.
I have only eaten here for dinner so I haven't experienced the lunch special but dinner was great both times I went. I agree with other reviewers that the decor is starting to look a little shabby but everything seemed clean and tidy so it didn't really bother me. The B.B.Q. Pork appetizer is great.  It is made with honey, not sugar like a lot of the other char sui-type porks I have had at other places.  You can really taste the honey in this dish.  The Spicy Chicken with Orange Peel is great too.  I have had this one twice and both times it was fried perfectly - not too tender, not overly crunchy.  The Peking Duck was great as well, the meat was not overcooked and there was not a ton of unrendered fat on it.  The Chinese Broccoli Beef was good too and the mixed fried rice was perfect!  I am pretty picky with fried rice because it is often overcooked and dry, especially the egg and shrimp.  Not the case here, the egg was cooked perfectly and so was the shrimp and everything else in there. The servers were really friendly and nice and everything was quick to arrive at the table. Overall great experience!
My co-worker recently introduced me to Hunan Garden ....I have already been back twice!  I brought my mom, sister and boyfriend and we all enjoyed the meal.  I found the food fresh, the service friendly and I love the outdoor garden patio. I would recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for good Chinese food on the Peninsula.
3.5 stars, very close to 4. Worth going to, will not disappoint you, the food is excellent, period. Not fast food Chinese and not Americanized to the point of losing flavor and spice as well. Service can be spotty and I have Tai Pan in Palo Alto as a 4 star so I cannot give this the same level as Tai Pan since it's not quite there. But in an area with few Chinese restaurants I can recommend, this gets a solid recommendation from me.
I was going to give this place a 1 star for their food, but because of the nice atmosphere and service it's a 2. I came here with my boy friend for lunch we got the spicy chicken and mongolian beef, and the meat was weird texture and obviously processed. I was so disappointed that I could barely eat the rest of my food! I have to say their hot and sour soup and sizzling soup was very delicious, but after having the main course it made me wonder if they put random stuff in the soup too that who knows what they are. I had been here for dinner once and I thought the food was pretty good, so I don't know if they use the junk meat only for lunch or I was just not paying attention to my meal the first time.
3.5 solid stars. Came here for a friend's birthday party, and was really surprised by how good the food was.  Generally, I am not too keen on Chinese food in Palo Alto.  So the food at Hunan Garden kind of surprised me. The flavors will not knock you out of the ballpark, but it was relatively authentic and tasty.  We ordered a couple of the sizzling meat dishes, and I particularly like the sizzling beef.  They also did a great job on their sauteed vegetables (string beans and Chinese garden greens), without the vegetables being too soft or salty, which sometimes happen at Chinese restaurants. The decor is a bit outdated, but I liked how we did not have trouble finding seats for such a large party.  This place is not empty on a Saturday night, but it was also not too crowded.  We were definitely able to hear each. I think my assessment of this place is pretty accurate, as at least two ofmy other (Chinese) friends with us said that they thought the food was "surprisingly good."  A solid place for Chinese food in Palo Alto.
My family was one of the first customers of Hunan Garden and we've been going ever since! It's delicious there! Like, legitly yummy. I'm just going to make this a quickie, don't have too much to say. -Great place to go for a sit-down Chinese meal -Decently priced -Friendly staff -Wide variety of food -Small parking lot behind the building or parking on the street -Prompt delivery of food -Take-out option -Outdoor and indoor seating If you're tired of the gross Panda Express Chinese take out crap and want some better Chinese food, go to Hunan.
The food was good, BUT they need to not place a vegetarian like me next to the crab window. It was a real turnoff.  Wouldn't you know that's where they seated us.  I moved so I wasn't staring right at the poor crab.  I probably won't go again. It was also very crowded and they wouldn't seat me until my friend arrived.
Got dinner here on a Tuesday, fairly early.  The place was easy to spot, though their parking lot was not.  Ended up parking on the street, which was fine, though slightly scary on El Camino. The restaurant is clean and open, with an inside and outside space. The food was enjoyable.  We got spring rolls, an order of Mongolian Beef, and an order of Kung Pao Chicken.  All were well made, well seasoned, and not greasy like most Chinese places in Palo Alto.  Our waiter was friendly, funny, and making sure we were well-fed and happy. Will almost certainly be back.
We have been going to Hunan garden since Simon open it. We go once a month with a party of 10 to 22 (even more at our annual christmas party).  The group is just a collection of friends that love Simon's food and enjoy getting together.  We all have our favorite dishes so it's hard to get new ones onto the table but we try. Cann't recommend it enough !!
I don't know what happened to Jing Jing's but I needed to find a new Chinese restaurant.  In pops Hunan Garden.  I had always driven past this place on El Camino but never actually ventured inside because I associate El Camino-located businesses with bad.  Not necessarily bad food, just bad anything.  Bad tax preparation, bad dentist, bad shopping.  Stanford mall is on El Camino and so is my favorite pizza place so I should really change my word associations.  But anyways I took a chance on Hunan Garden. I'll admit it.  I'm white.  My first time here I ordered orange chicken.  It was the best orange chicken I've ever had.  Sweet at first and then the heat builds.  Pure heaven on a plate.  Every time I come back here I don't want to order anything else because I can't imagine anything being better than their orange chicken. I have tried other people's entrees.  The scallops-a-la-hunan is wonderful.  Their scallops are a perfect blend of firm and soft.  They put a hot hot sauce over the seafood but there's a sweet taste coming from somewhere.  Yum.  The Hunan Bread appetizer sounds good, fried bread, but I wasn't able to have more than two pieces of this (there were 8 I think).  It tasted like Asian bread, which should have been expected, but Asian bread gives me a headache. Service is funny here.  Orders are taken quickly and the food comes out fast.  Two waiters take your food away, so no single waiter has to stack plates and balance them on his way to the kitchen.  Your dirty plates are instantly taken away.  It's fun.  But water glasses are not refilled.  I always finish mine before my main course arrives and have to start drinking my boyfriend's because the water-filler man is nowhere to be found. Parking sucks.  There's a tiny parking lot in the back, maybe 10 cars can park, but to get in and out of the parking lot requires driving on a narrow single lane alley.  I don't know what I would do if another car was coming towards me.... if the person leaving the lot had to put their car in reverse they might hit a parked car in the parking lot because it's so small, and if the car trying to enter the parking lot had to put their car in reverse they might back into an oncoming car on El Camino.  The other option is to park directly on El Camino.  This isn't good for many reasons: 1) cars go fast on El Camino and one might hit your car and/or side mirror and 2) there are like 3 close spots.  Many equals two, right?  Right. The restaurant is made up of two dining rooms.  An indoor and an outdoor, both have Christmas white lights strung around the ceiling.  Tacky, but sets the mood.  What mood you ask?  I said THE mood, didn't you read?  The outdoor room is walled and ceilinged yet outdoors at the same time. They also offer take out just like any other Chinese place.  Prices are 10-12 per entree and about 8 for appetizers, which, by the way, does not include crab rangoons!  No crab rangoons on the menu.  I considered deducting a star for that alone but their orange chicken is so freaking good that I couldn't.
I preface this review by saying up front that my family has known the owner, Simon, for at least 15 years. That being said, I will say that Hunan Garden is my favorite Chinese restaurant in the South Bay. I generally subscribe by the unwritten rule that the quality and authenticity of a Chinese restaurant is directly reflected by how many Chinese people eat there on a given night (I am Chinese myself). Sadly, Hunan Garden doesn't pass this test. It seems pretty popular with with the Caucasian crowd though. The prices are moderate and the decor is functional. I've never had any issue with the food, which has always been consistently good. The hot and sour soup is very good, as is the west lake beef soup. My advice to people who go is to try ordering dishes that are not the usual commonplace stuff people always order. Everyone always seem to order the sweet and sour pork, the mu-shu, the fried rice or chow mein. Don't get me wrong, those old standbys are good, but non-typical dishes are even better. Try the black pepper beef strips, the snow pea greens, smoked pork and green beans, honey walnut prawns. The spicy garlic eggplant is awesome-- and I HATE eggplant. If you want to go hog wild, try the braised fish or the crab, which come fresh from the water tanks visible on the far wall (NOT the aquariums at the front of the restaurant). As an added bonus, they serve a free appetizer of fried tofu with Simon's special sauce to every table. Even if the food was not as consistently excellent as it is, the service has always been great. Since I've known Simon, the owner, for so long, of course, he always greets me very warmly, but I see him talk to everyone with the same warm, friendly, outgoing style. He's a total hoot. You can tell he loves to serve people and gets a lot of satisfaction when people enjoy his food. He works as hard as anyone I know, and I know for a fact that he has not had a vacation in about 10 years, despite working there every day. So, even if you eat there and are not crazy about the food, flag him down and strike up a conversation with him. He definitely appreciates feedback. As others have mentioned, parking is a total pain in the rear. Over the years, the owner of the seedy motel next door has had some kind of uptight attitude about people who park in the restaurant's rear lot. So he's built up a barrier to make sure people don't encroach on his territory. If you drive a monster SUV, I would  not recommend parking in the rear lot because if it's full, you'll be in a world of hurt trying to get out. Park along the street or in the Boston Market lot instead.
Lunch review. I've gone here literally hundreds of times in the past ten years partly because it is good and partly because it is close to work.  However, that's nothing compared to my vegan friend and co-worker, William.  He goes here most work days.  If he is busy, he gets his food to go.  And he always, without exception, orders the same thing: Hot Spiced Bean Curd.  If a waiter sees him parking, they put in the order before he walks in.  When he walks in it is like Norm in "Cheers".  The waiters all yell "William"!  They never bother handing him a menu or taking his order.  On rare occasions, if others in a group insist, William goes to other Chinese restaurants and, of course, orders Hot Spiced Bean Curd.  However, he says he it tastes better here at Hunan Gardens.  Personally, I suspect he likes it better because he is treated like a celebrity. To me, most Chinese restaurants around here are about the same for most dishes.  One dish I think they do better here which I often get is the scallops and vegetables in a spicy black bean sauce.  The Hunan Garden Special Pan Fried Noodle dish which includes a variety of fish, shrimp, chicken, baby bok choy, and crispy noodles is also very good. Service is good unless you are William in which case it is great.
Seriously bad guys, seriously bad. I admit that I'm picky with Chinese food, but dude come on, if your idea of spicy = sweet gunk then you're very misguided!  And that's what Hunan Garden is.  Decor and ambiance are nice, surprisingly enough, but the food ensures that I will not be back. The only thing tolerable was the Sesame prawns; hence the 2 stars.
You will soon forget that El Camino Real is at the doorstep of this place.  Open, comfortable and full of natural light, Hunan Garden is a peaceful little place to eat lunch even with the world whizzing by the front of the building. This is a great place to take a partner or a group.  The lunch special is completely reasonable.  For less than $10 you get  hot and sour soup, an egg roll and a main dish.  I highly recommend the tender beef and tofu!  The staff is pleasant.  The atmosphere serene. Hunan Gardens also boasts a modest area for patio seating as well as a bar area for mingling in the evening.  Step in out of the traffic today, breathe deeply and enjoy this little hidden gem !
I am really surprised to see so many negative or lukewarm reviews for this place.  Hunan Garden rules.  It's on my list of 3 or 4 "must-take-out-of-towners-to" restaurants in the South Bay and it's easily one of my friends' favorite dinner places too.  One buddy, who moved from the Bay Area a few years ago but still returns on business, brings Hunan Garden take-out home to the Mid-West so his wife can get her fix.  The amazing food is always fresh, piping hot, and served by the most efficient and friendly staff.  My favorite dish is the flounder with spicy salt.  I've been in groups who ordered a second helping of it after the first vanished in minutes and we contemplated ordering a third. As other Yelpers have noted, Hunan Garden is great for groups with its large tables and tons of space, including some outdoor seating, which almost doubles the seating capacity when the weather is warmer.  The only possible downside, with the indoor seating in particular, is that it can be hard to hear your table companions when the place gets really packed, but I can't blame them for being so popular.  BTW, they do have a small bar, but I have never really seen people hanging out there, perhaps because it's in the corner and hard to notice when you walk in.
The food is ok, but nothing to brag home about..  A little on the too salty side for my taste... and the ambient is nicer than I expected, but I guess to be expected in Palo Alto ;)  Portion is smaller than typical chinese restaurant, but the price is ok... Severals dishes that were better: - String beans - Fish in Sweet & sour sauce - Beef in XO saurce the service is on the slow side, had to ask several times for water.  Also they lost my reservation, but they had open table so it wasn't too bad
Minus one star for salty in retrospect thanks to yelp for the tip on parking in front of Boston market on the street instead of the lot in back... just b/c of the narrow entry to the lot in back... though lot in back is nice on to the food - I think perhaps the key is what you order here... don't order "white food"? though we started with sizzling rice soup (pretty "white" but we had two 2y/os with us...) prawns with walnuts - were crisp, not drowned in sauce, great walnuts pea shoots - great! beef and broccoli - delicious, a little salty potstickers - crispy.
extra star to counter act all these crazy non-Chinese people who are saying this place is NOT... Read more 
I am not recommending this restaurant at all! It is the worst food we had never tried in south bay. The pork and smoked duck both did not taste fresh so that we both had bad stomach upset for whole night. NOT FRESH. BAD SERVICE.
I've been going to Hunan Garden for years now and ever since my first visit, I've loved it. I end up comparing other Chinese restaurants to this place. I know it's not totally authentic, but I really like the flavors, the high quality ingredients, and the service has always been attentive. The potstickers here are some of the best I've had anywhere. Not too doughy, and the meat inside is tasty. Their spicy orange peel chicken is also really good. My husband loves it, and while I like the texture and flavor, I find it too sweet for my liking. I'm more of a fan of their spicy green beans, and the Mongolian beef. The wontons with hot sauce are also delish. And hot. There are so many more dishes I want to try but it's hard to not order the faves I know and love, and we just can't eat that much food! The biggest con to this place is that it's too far away from my house.
Well, I haven't exactly eaten here... but their Hot and Sour Soup has healing powers. Yesterday I felt a cold coming on, and was craving a bowl of Hot and Sour Soup. I dropped by Hunan Garden on a whim, having never been there, but having heard about it from a friend. I procured a tub of magical liquid and headed home, where I proceeded to gulp down the entire 32 oz. Twelve hours later and I feel pretty great! Also fun was watching the turtle in the tank looking at himself in the mirror. Then he kicked the fish. Entertainment while you wait!
Loved the food! Orange chicken was absolutely heaven and I even enjoyed the eel! Never thought I would say that. Pot stickers were good. Atmosphere was good also. My only complaint. We were the only ones in the restaurant for an early lunch. The next pair that came in they seated exactly right next to us which kind of ruined our conversation. We were on the side of a restaurant, they could have placed them at 20 or 25 other tables that would have been at least 2 tables away from us with no problem. Cultural differences I guess.
LOVE this place. THE VIBE unique for a chinese joint is the large outdoor patio area lit by hanging xmas lights.  great for late evening summer dinners.  its always dark or dim in there--which I like.  not too much traditional chinese decorations, very subtly decorated.  lots of large tables to accommodate parties over 10. check out the soft shell turtle in one of the fishtanks. SERVICE is great--friendly, patient, but fast no matter how bustling it is (and it bustles...lunch, dinner and the whole time in between). GRUB great meat, served piping hot. full bar is a nice touch-useful when waiting for take-out. portions are generous...i can usually put away two fullsize meat dishes + rice and i can hardly finish one. favorite dish: mongolian lamb PRICE is not that bad relative to experience.
A co-worker suggested this place to me as a date night place for me and my boyfriend. I was hesitant because it was going to be kind of a drive for us and I had never been there, so I didnt want to get all the way out there just to be disappointed with mediocre chinese food. I was definitely proven wrong. The restaurant has a very cool atmosphere with lots of fishtanks with turtles, exotic fish, and lobsters, big circular tables with lazy susans so that food can be shared with large groups, and a very friendly owner. He chatted with us and was very attentive The food was delicious. We had the won ton soup, broccoli beef and house special chow mein.
Do you want to go to a nice lunch spot where you can get in and get out at lightning speed? The service is usually pretty fast and they seem to rush you through each course, but I've never felt rushed out the door when I'm finished. The lunch specials are cheap, too! The food is hot and fresh tasting. I'm sure it's what would be considered Americanized Chinese, but it does the job for most occassions and there are lots of choices. Up to a third of the seating is outside on a cozy, shaded and relaxing patio when the weather is good. Only 3 stars for the absolute nightmare parking lot. I would never try it again. It is one lane for both entering and exiting and there are 12 spots at most.
A large group of us have been eating at Hunan Garden restaurant once a month for a very long time now. We have never been disappointed with the food or the service. Since we have such a large group we have tasted most everything on the menu and it is all wonderful.
I have been coming here for the 13 years it has been open. I've had many parties here and meet a group here for dinner monthly. The spicy is spicy without being overwhelming.  Nothing is greasy or over cooked. Get the pea green with garlic. A wonderful change up from other greens. I have 2 dishes that I judge a Chinese restaurant on.  Hot and sour soup and Orange beef. The soup is spicy, a but thick and plenty of flavor from other than salt. The tangerine beef is spicy, sweet and not all breading.  The beef is tender, this is not a cheap cut. The honey walnut prawns is even light.  You don't feel like you consumed a plate of mayonnaise like other places. It is best to go with a group of people so that you can order a series of dishes family style.
I finally had a chance to dine-in on my going away lunch with coworkers. We were seated on the outdoor patio which in the middle of July in Palo Alto is just gorgeous and perfect. However after being seated, we waited - no joke - about 45 minutes for anyone to even come by and acknowledge the table / bring menus / pour tea. After we finally ordered, the food was great as usual and things came out quickly. However I felt really bad for my coworkers and everyone STARVING while we waited so long to even get a side-eye thrown our way... especially after raving about the place. Food is still a solid reliable 4, service is just pushing a 2 for dear life.
I have only been here for TAKE OUT. The first time, it was cold and rainy so I just grabbed a hot... Read more 
Hunan Garden is like the place you graduate to when you've just figured out that mushu pork isn't actual chinese food. It might be the way they serve it, their plates look funny. Something about the place just doesn't sit right with me. Also, my (caucasian) coworkers will go here, but not any other Chinese restaurant I suggest. Definitely not a good sign either. 2 stars for decent steamed rice.
Service was great. Tried the flounder fillets with spicy salt bc someone said they were unreal but seriously they are like van de kamps fishsticks. tasty, fresh, but deep fried and too salty. War wonton and hot & sour soups were good.
Ahh--it is good to be back in the Bay. Free tea, a lazy susan in the middle of a round table to serve food family style-- am I saying Chinese food? We served 9 people on 61.00 (before tip). The hot and sour soup was spicy--which I really enjoyed and so did most of the others at my table. All of the food was exactly as expected. I would definitely go back here. They have lots of options. I know that there are some complaints about the service in other reviews, but the waiter we had was responsive and even stayed after the restaurant closed for about half an hour before we noticed that they had closed and we kicked ourselves out. Plus when we got there earlier than the rest of the group, the hostess sat us down with endless tea so we didnt have to wait in the entrance area. We went on a Sunday and since we had gotten there earlier than our friends, we looked at the take out menu which said that the lunch special was available all week, but the luncheon special isnt available for eat in on the Weekends. Overall it was an enjoyable experience and I will go back.
Went here for lunch yesterday with some coworkers. Lunch specials seem reasonable - include hot and sour soup, tea, eggroll and orange slices (aka dessert). So they get the two stars for that, and also the hot and sour soup was pretty tasty. Other than that, they really deserve NO stars. Waiters were RUDE beginning to end. Food was the saltiest I've ever had. They didn't refill my water (c'mon that's basic stuff).  And they didn't offer the choice of brown rice!! NO BROWN RICE?!? That's insanity!!
A restaurant often has to be appreciated within the context of the its location. Take Hunan Garden, for example. Palo Alto, where Hunan Garden is located, is not Cupertino or Milpitas. It is however a university town so a restaurant that thrives here has to be straightforward, clean and Americanized, but not to a degree that it loses its identity completely. Keeping that in mind, Hunan Garden just makes sense. Hunan Garden is an earnest restaurant. It serves a good mix of standard Chinese fare with more traditional Hunan dishes; many of the spicy dishes are likely Hunan in origin, as are the dishes with smoked meats. At the same time, Hunan Garden is a business and so it has to tweak its menu to fit the clientele. For example, on the menu are your egg rolls, hot and sour soup, chow mein, sweet and sour pork, and Chinese chicken salad. The lunch special section caters to the harried Stanford or Paly High student who probably has a problem set or two to finish later that evening. Meals end with fortune cookies. Other signs of Hunan Garden's adaptations for the local clientele include the jazz playing on its speakers and outdoor seating with heat lamps. Place settings come with forks standard. They take American Express. Finally, taking your order are servers who are comfortable in both Mandarin and English. Hunan Garden is therefore a safe restaurant and there is reason for a business to be safe. However, safe buys you three stars and arguably not much else.
Great food! I love the fact that I can call in my order and have it ready in 10 min. to pick up. My favorite dish here is cashew prawns. I recommend ordering it for lunch as you get the "lunch special" price, which is substantially cheaper than the dinner price. My only complaint is that it is always cold inside and it smells like smoke. (The reasons why I always get my orders to-go.)
Went to this place for Valentine's after reading Yelp reviews on it...thanks, Yelpers! We had a great meal!  I think we (finally) found a Chinese restaurant in the area that we both agree on.  We splurged since it was V-Day and order quite a bit of food.  Even the waiter commented that "you must be hungry".  But, it gave us a chance to grade them on all our favorites. She had the hot and sour soup - which she is super critical about - and loved it.  So right there, I knew this place was going to be a success.  We then got pot stickers that were good - I guess there's only so much you can do with pot stickers.  So they were nothing to get excited about.  Our entrees were delicious.  Fresh ingredients, hot, huge portions...outstanding. But more than anything else was the service.  Our waiter was one of the nicest we've ever had.  He went out of his way to take care of us, he smiled and was happy to be there, and thanked us several times when we finished.  Kudos to their management on training the staff...that goes a long way with me.
I had a very nice dinner here last week.  Up front, I'll admit that I am not a Chinese food connoisseur.  I know what I like, but is that good, authentic Chinese food?  I don't know. The evening I was there, the restaurant wasn't doing booming business, but it was a Thursday, and they are in a kind of an out of the way place. Our meal consisted of hot and sour soup -- a staple of mine.  Peking Duck, and their string beans with smoked pork. The hot and sour soup was good.  The right amount of sourness for me and not too hot.  The table had white pepper in the pepper shaker -- a good sign for me -- and I was able to ramp up the soup to how hot I like it.  The duck was very good: crispy, with a wonderful flavor.  The string beans were a bit of a surprise: nice thick beans, which were wonderful.  I was expecting a little bit of pork, but what was with the beans were slices of smoked pork. The dish had a wonderful aroma and a nice rich flavor. Try the draft Tsingtao beer.  It is much better than the non-draft version.  I had this on the recommendation of our waiter.  It was definitely the way to go.  Speaking of the waiter, he was great: he was friendly, helpful, and just generally a nice guy. So, why 3 stars?  If I could give 3.5 I would.  Why not four?  I've had one experience here, and it wasn't mind-blowing.  It was good.  It was a good solid place.  Would I go back?  Yes.  Would I go out of my way?  No. Oh, and I don't know what was going on when others went here, but on the evening I was here, most of the other patrons were Chinese.
Hunan has become one of the places that I end up going with a group of coworkers usually about once a month.  I have never been there for dinner so my rating is based on lunch: Positives: - Lunch menu include a pretty broad selection of choices and it includes an egg roll and soup with selection.  Egg roll is so-so but the sweet-and-sour soup isn't bad. - Quick service and ability to accommodate a large group.  Trying to go to lunch with 6 or 7 coworkers in downtown Palo Alto can be quite difficult between Noon and 1:30. - Reasonable parking situation.  Small lot behind the restaurant and on-street parking make it easy to park most times. - Free green tea and decent sticky rice.  It really annoys me when a Chinese restaurant charges for a pot of green tea or extra rice. Negatives: - Food is definitely not authentic and can be a bit greasy.  Pretty "Americanized" Chinese food and not a huge range of options for those looking for healthy options. - Servers can be a bit surly.  They are quick but not exactly the friendliest guys.  Being from the East Coast, this doesn't bother me though in the least and these guys can be viewed as friendly in comparisons to some waitresses at diners in New Jersey or NY. Can't say I would come here for dinner but definitely worth a trip if you have a large group for lunch.
Food is decent but overpriced, and the paucity of Chinese people in the restaurant bothers me to no end.  I guess Chinese people never eat there... I felt pretty out of place.  Hahaha. Pretty decor, the dim lighting and circular mirrors on the wall work well make the restaurant look not only trendy but also larger and more spacious - the actual size of the building is tiny.  They have a gorgeous outdoor dining area in the back of the restaurant with bougainvillea trailing from the surrounding fence. Parking is terrible - it's nigh-impossible squeezing into their tiny lot. I wouldn't go there again.
Agreed that Hunan Garden isn't the most authentic Chinese food ever.  Nonetheless, it is one of my favorites for quick, reasonably priced and thoughtfully prepared dishes.  The sesame prawns are a must, and I love their vegetable dishes, especially the string beans and the mushrooms with bok choy.  The sizzling beef and chicken in lettuce cups are both very good, as are a number of the appetizers. The atmosphere at Hunan Garden is also very pleasant, especially on the outdoor patio draped in bougainvillea, though the seats along the right wall with views of the acquariums are nice, too. The service is great--friendly and very efficient without giving the impression that they want you to leave immediately. Also, I took my five year old niece there and our server was so helpful--he gave her special chop sticks, showed her how to use them, and brought her fun little appetizers while we waited for the rest of the order.  Maybe it was a slow evening, but I was impressed by how kid-friendly they were able to be.
The restaurant sits directly on El Camino, a busy thoroughfare.  However, once you step inside the hustle and bustle seems far away.  Most notable about the restaurant itself is the patio; there's plenty of seating with a cloistered garden feel. Hunan Garden is typical of the Chinese restaurants found across America.  Its menu contains the standard fare with a few more authentic dishes, such as the bean curd rolls.  The staff was helpful and very happy to accommodate special requests. The food itself was also typical of Chinese restaurants found across America. Each dish was well prepared and the servings were large enough to share, but not overwhelming for a single person. We'll likely stick with our local favorite, Green Elephant, but would happily go back to Hunan Garden and recommend it to others in the area.
3.5 Stars.  Great place for lunch.  They have a nice diversity on the menu plus they take the Passport card which saves some cash. Mongolian beef is my favorite.  The hot and sour soup is good. and the service is fast and friendly.  Try to sit outside.
Surly? These folks couldn't be nicer. The owner makes it a point to know the names of regulars, and they're always incredibly friendly. We're vegetarian, and love all the options. The pea shoots are fresh and crunchy, the green beans spicy and crunchy. Our favorite dishes are the veggi potstickers and the Orange Tofu. My only complaint is that even though they have a full bar, there's not always a bartender so the cocktails can be hit or miss depending on who prepares them.
Just went here with my family for dinner, celebrating my mom's birthday and my acceptance into the Peace Corps. The outdoor look is very Chinese garden-ish, hence the name. The logo is a nice blue that's not hard to look at, right on the road of El Camino Real. Hands down, it is the best place to go for authentic Hunan/Chinese food. The owner Simon is completely friendly, speaks Chinese and pretty fluent English. The service is impeccable and they are always asking if we needed more food, as if! We were full on 5 dishes: salted fried fish filets (not oily and not too salty!), sizzling beef strip and pepper, white cabbage with vermicelli, smoked ham with veggies, Yang Chou fried rice, along with hot and sour soup and egg rolls to start the dinner off. Food: Great taste, coming from my family. We cook at home mostly and enjoy the mostly organic, not very oily, no MSG food we ate today. Definitely plenty of choices on there for Americans, since most of the customer base was white. However, for us, we knew the owner, and it helped on selecting dishes for us. Atmosphere: very mellow, dim lighting. Loud, because of the family-ness: really wish the kids next to us would have shut up. They were a mangy rowdy bunch, 5 of them -___-. Very small bar, so that's nothing to cry home about. It is well stocked with the normal items you would want, but I'm never an alcohol and Chinese food type of person anyways. Hopefully in the future they will get music on the weekends. There is outdoor patio seating, great for these mild nights! Service: Again it was impeccable. It helped that our family knew the owners... So it's kind of a very hospitable thing amongst friends. Everyone's very polite towards each other and whatnot, so maybe that was our advantage. But definitely great overall, watching Simon take care of his guests at each table, as well. Overall I would come back again and bring friends, too! Helps if you speak Chinese, but the servers' English are decently trained.
A lot of people love this place.... I'm not a huge fan, but it's acceptable.   I've eaten here over ten times at this point. The hot & sour soup is alright, they have some great vegetable dishes (garlic eggplant or steamed pea shoots).  Nothing is particularly spicy.  The tea duck is alright, but tends not to have a lot of meat on it.   The mongolian dishes aren't great, nor are the orange peel dishes. The service is efficient, very friendly if they know you and a bit brusque if they don't.  I don't love the atmosphere... I find the place a bit dirty and run down.  The prices are moderate.
When your family has been going to Chef Chu's to celebrate every occasion possible, you start searching for new chinese restaurants to switch up the pace.  Luckily I work within walking distance to Hunan Garden (although I don't ever walk)! I frequent this place for lunch since their food is always delicious and service is quick.  You can dine-in, eat and leave within 30-40 minutes.  Since I've had such great experiences with lunch, I decided to recommend this place to my family for dinner.  It did not disappoint!  My family now has a second favorite chinese restaurant. Here are my favorite dishes from here: -  Sweet & Sour Filet O' Fish -  Sesame Chicken -  Mongolian Beef -  Any of their chowmein -  Broccoli Beef -  Hot & Sour Soup
Purely on quality of food this place would be a 3 star. Certainly there are some yummy dishes here, such as the honey walnut prawns, but nothing standout compared to other Asian restaurants in the area. The outdoor sitting is definitely a plus, especially with the tree in the middle of the restaurant almost. But this plus is balanced out by the limited parking, with the smallest driveway ever.
I was excited about getting some good chinese food--DID not happen. 1) Food was mediocre, bland, meh 2) Place looks like an old boat (dirty aquarium) and stinks like smoke 3) Beaten-down chairs and really stained table cloths 4) Just OK service--not outstanding, not bad In sum--nothing worth going back for and a lot of reasons to stay away.
Great seafood, Peking duck, customer service, on the fly menu modification . . . I'm from California so I wouldn't know a Hunan bus if it run me over and drug me for a mile. There's probably an authentic Hunan joint in the City or Livermore. The garden is authentic.  There are many plants . . . some have flowers. The people seem real to me as well . . . Atfer reading Tricia Y's review it struck me, I've never drunk grape wine with a Chinese meal. I glad she found something palatable. Fresh pea shoots are hard to come by anywhere . . . Liz and Mike must be meanies . . . ; )
As it is very near my work ( http://streetwerke.com ) I eat here about once a week for lunch. I'm not... Read more 
I'm not a big lover of Chinese food, and getting vegetarian dishes that aren't just green beans are always a challenge. I do like Hunan Garden, though. We've eaten here quite a few times. The girls at the front counter are really nice, though the wait staff and owners are a little dour. They have a decent selection of veggie options. I really like the double mushroom bean curd, and they offer veggie pot stickers (I don't think they're on the menu but they nearly always have them if you ask). It's good food without the usual greasiness of Chinese restaurants in America. Not super authentic, but even my Chinese friends like it and the servers seem to all speak Mandarin (don't worry, they all speak perfectly fluent English too). They have a beautiful courtyard within the building which is great for groups or dusk meals. Mostly it's our favorite place to walk to for 9pm pot sticker cravings.
If you love Hot & Sour soup, you will LOVE their hot & sour soup. I've tried it at a lot of restaurants and this place has the best - both dining in and take out. We've dined in and it's a good experience. The restaurant is nice inside and the people are attentive. The food is very good. Take out is also great as well.
For over 20 years, I've been going to Hunan Homes in Los Altos. Hunan Garden in Palo Alto is run by same family. Same excellent food quality. I like the authentic taste of these 2 restaurants more than the Americanized version of Chinese food such as at Su Hong or Chef Chu's. Their Lunch Special menus are not distinguished. But several a la carte dishes are top notch. Some of the ingredients I use to judge the quality of a Chinese restaurant: bean curd and black bean (as used in black bean sauce). And they are of the highest quality at both Hunan restaurants.
Wow, what a bummer that this place was so bad for so many other people. My two companions and I had a very nice, leisurely meal at Hunan Garden this evening. One of my complaints is the parking lot. Its only entrance/exit is a one-way street. It is not marked in any way so that you know this. Someone trying to enter the lot has almost no way of seeing a person at the other end of the drive trying to exit. I think this is rather dangerous when trying to turn off of El Camino Real. Also, unless you go in the back way, walking through garbage cans and what not, you have to walk along this very same driveway. Everything else about the evening was entirely pleasant. The hostess who seated us was very nice. The reception desk is a little tall, and with all of the waving cats and what not on top of the desk, we were not seen by her for a little while, but when she did see us she seated us she apologized and promptly seated us. Our waiters were very attentive throughout the evening, which is something that I find to be unfortunately rare in this country. They tended to mumble so we couldn't hear them very well. Had it been a friday or saturday night when the restaurant is a tad busier than it was on the Tuesday evening we went then I'm sure we would have had enough difficult in hearing them that it would have bothered me. They were very quick to take away plates when they were empty and refill our water. We ordered the hot and sour soup, mushu beef and half a roasted duck. All tasted wonderful. The soup was thinner than any hot and sour soup I had had, and tasted spicier than most as well. It was wonderful. It was full of ingredients as well, no skimping and just putting in the cheap stuff.  The waiters waited until we were done with our soup to give us our mushu beef (much appreciated). It didn't wow me in any way, but all of the flavors were very pleasant. Our duck that came out soon after was absolutely awesome. The skin was perfectly crispy, and the meat was very flavorful. Overall, I say Hunan Garden provided us an excellent meal for a reasonable price.
Pretty decent Hunan for the area. Cheap,with OK service. Mostly caters to a college crowd from Stanford. Not great Hunan,but if you are in the area and need a fix,this place will do. Definitely no Mr. Chaus's.
When I called to order some takeout, the hostess was incredibly friendly and helpful. When I got there I was a little concerned since there seemed to be only one party there (8pm on a Friday night), but the food was good, not the cheapest, but still good. I ordered the chicken chow mein, broccoli beef, sweet and sour pork and chicken fried rice. I will definitely go again.
I am very shocked at the low rating of this restaurant.  Until I ate here I thought all Chinese food was greasy and bland and boring.  This restaurant is now the only Chinese place I'll consider eating at.  I'm vegetarian and I love that they have a special vegetarian menu at the back of their regular menu.  Their hot and sour soup is agreed by all my friends to be the best they've ever tasted.  I love the string beans a la hunan and the kung pao bean curd.  Their fried tofu appetizer is delicious (the owner once explained to me that they got their tofu fresh from someone who makes it in San Francisco every day).  Their hunan bread (something I've never seen anywhere except in a chinese friend's house) makes an amazing dessert or addition to dinner. I love that they have the lazy susans in the middle of the table so if you come with a large group it's easy to share. And best of all I think, is a wait staff to which I compare all other wait staff.  I never notice they're there, except when I want something, and then they're there immediately.  (How did our water glass stay full all dinner? Did you notice anyone fill our waterglass because I didn't...) My husband and I call them the ninja waiters and we wish all waiters were that good. Unfortunately they're just a teeny bit out of our price range for eating there every night, but they're at the top of the list for any even remotely special occasion.
We have been eating here since Simon opened the restaurant. The food is consistently delicious and our daughters who now live in LA and Portland insist there is no Hunan restaurant in their home cities that compares.  (Simon says that isn't true) I am not a vegetarian but my favorite dishes are the string beans and eggplant, though others swear by orange peel chicken and salty prawns. Simon will always recommend dishes. Since we have moved away from the Peninsula, there is never a question about where we go to eat when we go there!
Great chinese place.  You can always find a table here (even on weekends) and the servers are very friendly.  I'm not bold enough to try the live turtles they have in the front, but my friends like the deep fried orange chicken and the moo shu.  They also have good vegetarian stirfry.  Quite inexpensive for the area, which is great.
Delicious food, great service, nice atmosphere.  I'm not usually a big fan of bean curd at Chinese restaurants but their spicy bean curd was delicious.  Even the mu shu wrappers are a cut above.  Had the leftovers for breakfast and was not disappointed.  (You know you're doing something right when:  you eat breakfast with chopsticks.)
Sesame Chicken = A+ Vegetables = B Young Chow Fried Rice = B+ Pot stickers = A Hot & Sour Soup = B Kung Pao Chicken = D Service = A Atmosphere = A 3 of us went for a business lunch and had this food family style though during the lunch hour, it was very inexpensive. Came out to $14.11 each plus tip. We had the bill split evenly 3 ways and they were very willing to do this. My grades speak for themselves. If you go, get the sesame chicken. The quality was better than PF Chang's at nowhere-near-the-price. This place is dangerously good and very close to my work, so I'll be back again and again. I'm so happy to have found a yummy Chinese restaurant close to work and home!
It's all about the lunch menu, which is really a great deal. I've been here several times over the past few months. The service is very friendly and the food is good (or at least it was until earlier this week when my mongolian beef tasted like fish - yuck). Maybe I should've stuck with assorted vegetables.
Spicy, hot, and delicious! The Kung pao chicken was excellent! The service was wonderful and the wait staff was so nice my two young children. Wish I could try something new every night!
Good food, attentive service, and overall a nice experience!
I wanted to like this place, really nice decor.  It really does have a garden feel to it so appropriate name  I enjoyed watching the turtle in the aquarium while waiting for my date. Unfortunately, the kung pao chicken was bland.  This is a common problem with kung pao and restaurants I've tried so I can't really blame them, maybe that's just par for the course.  I was still disappointed. My date had peking duck and she loved it though I was turned off because the skin was left on it.   Again, maybe par for the course. Good lookin' won ton soup though.
The best Chinese restaurant on the Peninsula.  The owner, Simon, is very friendly and involved.  If you need suggestions on what to order, the staff provides wonderful recommendations.  Also, a great place for a group event from 20-90 people.
The staff is so nice and friendly and so fast!! great service, they always make me feel welcomed. The food is excellent and just the right portions. I always leave on a full stomach. I love eating the sweet n sour soup and egg rolls. I highly recommend trying the sesame chicken. It is off the hook!
I have known the owner, Simon, since his Hunan Homes days.  The nicest guy around.  Treats me like family.  His restaurant, Hunan Garden is similar to the others.  Very tasty food, ample portions and a nice atmosphere.  Limited parking really hurts their rating.
Best local chinese joint in Palo Alto.  I love their black bean chicken, and will always order it.  I've only eaten in the restaurant once, and it was pretty basic, but very nice service; attentive & polite.  I usually take out, and the food is even a hit with my little kiddo!  I would pick Hunan over the chain restaurant down the street anytime.  It's more authentic, and you don't have to wait 45 minutes for your food on a Tuesday night.
I've been to Hunan Garden twice, both times with large groups for banquets.  My experience was the same on the two occasions.  Namely, this place has a nice feel to it, and it does a good job of delivering generic American-style Chinese food to customers who are looking for a relaxing meal of generic American-style Chinese food.  I enjoyed the white rice, the Peking duck and the spicy string beans.  Everything else was kind of "Meh."  Hunan Garden might be a good choice if you're in exactly the right mood for this kind of food, but normally I'd stay away.
Hands down the best Chinese in the Bay Area. Try the Double Mushroom Bean Curd, it's delicious! Also try the Wonton Soup and  Garlic Eggplant.The owner Simon is always around, nice guy who makes sure everything is to your liking. Tastes "fresh" as well, not oily/greasy or too salty. Highly recommend  this restaurant.
I would not recommend this place to anyone of color!  I believe the service was poor and they gave my friend a very hard time.  They initially refused to take his order because he had asked for a few more minutes to look over the menu.  They ignored our requests for more water throughout the entire meal, and they were extremely rude to us in general.  The food was ok!  But the service and people were horrible!
I tried this place a couple of times for lunch and the food was pretty decent.  The price was very reasonable and the service was good.  The hostess was really friendly and the food all came out in timely manner.  The restaurant itself was nice, clean, with an option for outfdoor seating on those warm Palo Alto days.  Not the best chinese food I've ever had, but definitely a place I wouldn't mind coming back to.
I've been here a bunch of times with my family and it is the best chinese restaurant in the palo alto area.   we liked it so much that my sister had her wedding reception here.
In our 2+ years in Bay Area, Hunan Garden is the best Chinese restaurant we found. As a matter of fact, we've been repeatedly disappointed by Chinese restaurants in south bay. Most of them are just unacceptable to me and my wife. This is such a great surprise to us. We had a very high expectations of the average standard of Chinese food before we settled in the area. Can anyone concur with our observation? If so, can you speculate why? We even started to wonder if the problem was our tongue, instead... Anyway, Hunan Garden proved it was not us. At this place, we so completely finish every dish --- in many other places, we often refuse to take home any left over.
We always go to this restaurant for quick and good chinese food in Palo Alto. Their service is super fast. I like the hot and sour soup and chicken chow mein. My boyfriend loves the lemon chicken. Their portions are pretty big so you can easily take next days lunch to go. Their service is questionable, don't expect high quality service. They might seem like they are rushing you through the dinner and just throwing the plates on the table.
We were brought here for a less formal business lunch today. The restaurant offers a lunch menu hence we all ordered....the set lunch came with eggroll, hot sour soup and an entree. The soup was somewhat lacking taste. I had the cashew chicken with brown sauce and it was ok....others ordered brocolli beef, another Kung Pao chicken and one had garlic stirfry vegetables....plates were small and avg price was abt $6.50-$7.50. The setting is decent, looks much better inside than the exterior and apparently it's a more intimate setting at night with the outside patio lit with lights.
I like this place a lot. It's not quite the most authentic Chinese food you can get but it's definitely not americanized either. I love their Hunan string beans, sesame prawns, and orange chicken. They actually use hot peppers in the hot dishes-imagine that! Even their chicken in lettuce cups has a great flavor, although they were stingy w the hosin sauce and only gave us 4 lettuce leafs. I like the decor with the round windows and the back patio-it's better than your average chinese food dive. I do have issues with the shrimp, crab and lobster in tanks that you can watch while eating. Rather like going to a steak house and being assaulted by pictures of cows while you eat, I'd rather not be reminded that I am eating an innocent sea creature's best friend while dining. The shrimps are so cute with their little stripey legs..and so delicious. GAH.
Liked this place a lot. It is a bit pricey for chinese food, but I feel that the restaurant is going for the upscale restaurant thing. The staff here were very nice, and our server was really attentive and funny. He kept thinking I was weird or something to not eat my dishes with rice (i mean, they were dishes that you'd normally eat with rice, i just didn't want any). I'd say the food is pretty good chinese food, nothing new or spectacular, but I didn't have any problems with it. It is clean and presented well though.
I am the psychotherapist.  Please, describe your problems.  Each time you are finished talking, type RET twice. I enjoy Hunan Garden. Why do you say you enjoy hunan garden? The food is decent, the service is fast, and they have an outdoor patio where you can eat. Also, they have aquariums, and it's fun to watch the fish. What makes you believe that? I don't know, that's just the way I feel. Maybe your plans have something to do with this. Maybe. I was planning on having dinner later, but probably not at Hunan Garden. I alread had lunch there. Is it because probably not at hunan garden you alread had lunch there that you came to me? No, I just wanted to talk. Is it because of your life that you say you just wanted to talk? Maybe. Do you think Hunan Garden is too expensive? I don't, but then I don't have chinese food very often. Does it bother you that then you do not have chinese food very often? No, not really. Most chinese places have crappy food. Chinese can be done right, but most places just want to do it fast to get you in and out the door. Are you sure that just might want to do it? Um . . . yes.  I'm very sure.
We LOVE this place!  We go here at least once a week and hold special events here.  The waiters and the owner are awesome and the service is excellent.  We love the sweet and sour chicken, orange peel chicken,  steak with black pepper sauce and sesame prawns.   You won't waste your money here and your stomach will thank you!
I went here on an informal business dinner.  One of the sales guys is about to go to China for the first time and asked "this is authentic chinese food" as he ordered the Mongolian chicken.  For an empty restaurant, the service wasn't overly attentive.  Chinese food should be very cheap since expensive american chinese food doesn't taste better than expensive chinese food.
If I want authentic Chinese, I'd go to Cupertinio.  But for more Americanized Chinese, I found this place surprisingly good.  They seemed to use very fresh ingredients and the flavors are good.  I got some very generic dishes too - kung pao chicken and sweet and sour chicken.
I have been eating at this restaurant for 9 years (since I moved to the Bay Area).  Though I have moved to San Bruno, I still regularly make the trip to Palo Alto for their amazing food!  The owner always recognizes me, too! All their chicken dishes are made with WHITE MEAT chicken.  So it is lean and not gross and fatty food like some Chinese places. They have a great heated patio, as well.
Friendly, if slightly idiosyncratic service, excellent value. The food is solid and the prices are nice.  If you're looking for classy gourmet cuisine, there are other places.  If you're looking for a reasonable, pleasant dinner after a lazy Saturday afternoon, this is it.  In the summer, their patio is enjoyable and relaxing with lamps, bamboo, and bougainvillea under a partial awning. Their egg drop soup is usually quite good, but does vary.  The honey walnut prawns are the best I've had (not claiming to be an expert, I just thoroughly enjoy them) and the chicken and snow peas are very tasty. We're regulars and so are several of my friends.  It's pretty easy to drive right past (Boston Market is two doors down), but once people find it, they tend to be glad they did.  Parking, in rear, can be a little tight.
Having moved from the east coast, I rarely find a NYC-grade Chinese restaurant in the bay area. This place was surprisingly good. We went there with a group of 6 adults and 4 kids so we got to sample quite a few dishes. Pretty much everything hit the mark - except the hot and sour soup. The rest of the food was great. Duck (tried the tea-smoked) was crisp and delicious. Eggplant was just about perfect. The ingredients were fresh and "vibrant" - and we were there in December. Fresh ginger slices in a few dishes made a big difference. Why not 5 stars? The miss on hot and sour soup was one reason but the rest of the food made up for that big time. The real reason is because the place felt understaffed. It was full on a Sunday evening and it just felt like they needed a few more servers.
Good for a quick lunch.  We went for a co-workers birthday.  If everyone orders lunch specials, they still bring it out family style, so try to have people order different things.  You get soup, an egg roll and a dish over rice for $7.95.  That's a lot of food.
Went here for lunch with a bunch of coworkers. Atmosphere is nice (like everyone said), the service was ok, the food ok (everything seemed to be a little too oily/saucy). IMO, nothing special, exactly what you'd expect for $7.95 lunch special. If you are looking for good food, maybe try someplace else unless coming here is convenient for you.
Pretty good Chinese food. They have very good lunch specials, entrees that cost around $8 to $10. The special comes with a cup of hot and sour soup and a vegetarian egg roll. It also comes with a generous portion of rice, served in a covered rice container. I ordered the string bean with chicken. There was a bit of confusion with the waiter, because it is listed as string bean beef, and I wasn't sure he understood my request to replace the beef with the chicken, but there were some communication issues. The sauce was more flavorful than expected, with the addition of scallions, chili flakes, and garlic to the typical soy sauce/oyster sauce mixture. The chicken was pretty good quality, with none of the little bits of fat and gristle that are common of chicken dishes at other Chinese restaurants. I also tried the Kung Pao Chicken which was much spicier, too much for my taste buds, but still tasty. I would definitely return for the lunch special. The service left a bit to be desired as the only time they showed promptness was in leaving and fetching the bill. My water glass was never refilled, though it sat empty for at least 15 minutes. I enjoyed the outside seating, but one of the trade offs is having to deal with nature. Throughout the course of a one hour meal, I had a dead fly land by my fork, a bee fly at me, and a feather float down onto my plate. None of this was the restaurant's fault, but just be aware that these are the risks you run when you sit outside in the "garden" portion of Hunan Garden. The parking is a bit tricky, as there is a private lot behind the restaurant, but the path to get there is very narrow and difficult to see from El Camino. Be careful not to park in the motel lot. According to the numerous signs posted, you may be towed if you visit the restaurant but park elsewhere.
I ordered the Won-ton appetizer at the suggestion of the waiter. This unappealing item was served lukewarm - essentially a pile of Costco won-tons swimming in soy sauce on a plate. After 15 minutes, the waiter asked if the plate I hadn't touched was good. I said it was cold - and remarkably - he said it was "supposed to be cold". He took the full plate away, but had no problem charging me $6 for the gesture. As an additional punishment, I was served the 'sizzling' shrimp concoction - an orgy of overly sweet (when it was advertised as spicy and hot) sweet and sour sauce and shrimp poured onto a hot plate that makes a sizzle sound when contact is made. Fairly pedestrian Chinese food at best. I did not appreciate the food and thought the service was lame at best.  $25 for what? Two thumbs down, steer clear.
Great staff and even better food. Highly recommend. The chow mein is fantastic!
Absolute middle-of-the-road, with the exception of the service, the servers are ALWAYS friendly and the service fast without being curt... a totally nice surprise for a chinese joint. Their lunch specials are great value - rice with dishes of your choice (and there's a huge variety to choose from), deep fried egg roll and hot and sour soup.  Nonetheless, there's nothing on the menu (or off it) that would set this restaurant apart from the others.  Their dishes are quite tasty - my favorite being this spicy szechuan beef dish... but then again, I'm a sucker for anything that has enough chili in it. This place is always packed for lunch, yet I have come here often (everyone LOVES the abovementioned lunch specials) and I never had to wait for table.  I do like places that are bustling just enough to make you realize it is able to attract decent-sized crowd, yet not overly crowded that you would have to wait for ages for a table (case in point - Cheesecake Factory!!!!!).
Ok, so the location isn't the best. The restaurant looks like it's tacked onto the Boston Market next door and the parking lot reminds me of the ones in Taipei (i.e. ridiculously small). Inside, it's a fairly classy Chinese restaurant serving reasonably authentic Hunan and Sichuan/Szechwan cuisine (actually pretty good for PA). They have a nice little garden seating area where you can eat outside if you're so inclined. Probably a nice place for a date.
I only went here out of pure craving for chinese food.  The decor looked very nice and modern.  Ordered maopaotofu and it wasn't so great.  Usually it has pork and a nice flavor but this one just had many hot chilies and raw green onions.  Didn't seem very authentic - I knew I should have gone to a chinese restaurant where there are no chinese patrons.
Need some mandarin cuisine? A quick lunch meeting? Work for a Chinese family like me? Then you'll know the good food and quick (usually) service at Hunan Garden like the back of your hand. Funny thing... if you eat in, they write your order on the table cloth. I find that very amusing.
We went for chef specialties.The service was good. The ambience felt dated. The food was warm. The portion was small. The socalled Peking Duck was a total disappointment. The skin was not even crispy and it stayed on the meat. The hot plates tasted pretty much the same regardless what we ordered.
Food was ok, kind of oily and a bit too salty.  Service from this one waiter is bad.  We went there for lunch specials on a Sat.  Apparently the front waiter said there's lunch special, but the actual server told us there is no lunch special on weekends after our food came out.  Even the menu stated that lunch specials are from monday-sunday!  When we informed the waiter of their mistake, he did not apologize and even argued with us.  Will not go there again!
We ate here as part of a graduation party.  The food was solid, the outdoor space was a great bonus.  Staff was very friendly.
Went here for dinner last night after a day in Napa. I am not exactly sure what we ordered, as my dinner companions were all Japenese and were speaking Japanese to the owner. I know we started out with hot and sour soup, which was awesome! I have had H&S soup at places that either tasted like dishwater or vinegar. This was good. Next we had lobster, which was on special, that was served with a lobster sauce and noodles. Very good. We also had some rice dish with shrimp and scallops in a creamy sauce, almost like rice pudding with fish. Sounds gross, tasted excellent. Plus a chard-like veggie stir-fried and Mongolian beef. Then we were still hungry so we ordered the rice/shrimp dish again. What was excellent: food. service (the owner was hysterical and warm and the servers very competent). And when we were ordering for 7 people the owner recommended 1.5 servings of some dishes rather than 2 so we would not eat too much and could taste things better. That is service.
not bad food, but it's an american chinese restaurant. a record for the chinese eaters, hunan garden doesn't serve hunan cuisine...lol
Love the beef stew noodle soup, even though the name is bizarre... is it a soup? is it a stew? I don't know, but it's definitely delicious. Plus, I appreciate that the waiters know me and are friendly even though I only go once in a blue moon.
The Hunan beef stir-fry here is delish. Add some rice and you have a good and quick weeknight dinner.
My family and I have been eating at this restaurant for over 5 years. The lunches are quick and good-sized portions. The food tastes extremely fresh and is not the normal heavy, over sauced chinese food that can leave you feeling like you over ate. Sometimes the waitstaff is rushed and not very warm. But most of the time, they are very friendly and are happy to recommend items on the menu. Our favorite appetizer: -deep fried tofu (great flavored sauce and tastes light, even though it's fried) Negatives: parking is bad. Don't even try to park behind the restaurant, you could get stuck back there. It's tiny and there is only one way in/and one way out. Park on the street, or sneak in the back lot of Boston Market (next door).
this place needs better service. if 5 of the 47 yelpers are saying service sucks, that's a big ding. the staff argued with my buddy over one of the lunch specials (similar issue to one of the other reviews) food wise, it's ok. above average chinese/hunan food. good for a cheaper biz/ lunch meeting. atmosphere is calm and soothing during dinner. active during lunch
Mmmmm.  Can't wait to go back here.  Went with a girlfriend who knows the owner.  He was so nice, and kept checking to make sure things were to our liking.  We started with the Deep Fried Bean Curd, which for someone who only likes firm tofu, was very good.  Also had the Deep Fried Prawns which were hot, crispy, and fresh.  They will bring a hot mustard sauce that goes well, but the soy sauce is also good with it.  For dinner, we ordered three dishes for two people and had plenty to take home.  I had my friend try the Mu-Shu Chicken with plum sauce for the first time and we both loved it.  The Sesame Beef was so tasty, as was the Chicken Fried Rice.  We will definitely be back!
This is one of my favorite places for lunch.  I love their garlic vegetables with chicken dish and the service is great.  Great for families with kids who want a nice, relaxing atmosphere without all the hustle and bustle of the bigger chinese restaurants.
Wow! I've only been there once for take-out, but the interior was so appealing I'm planning on having my birthday dinner there. They have fish tanks in the walls, a cute bar, a banquet room, and a very romantic patio with pond, string lights, flowers, etc. The prices are just right. The menu is extensive. The service I received was EXCELLENT. The gal who helped me with my order was so friendly and warm. I had an entire dinner order within 15 minutes. Talk about atmosphere, I can't wait to go back!
I was on El Camino Real in Palo Alto this weekend and looking for a restaurant for lunch. I noticed Hunan Garden and gave it a shot. My wife and I were very impressed with the quality of food. We had wonton soup, Schezuan chicken, and Singapore style noodles. We really liked all the dishes and had enough leftover for dinner as well. We recommend this restaurant for a good Schezuan taste. Dishes we had were good and spicy. Will try other dishes next time we visit.
The quality here does not justify the price. Entrees averaged out at $13/each for our party plus drinks and rice- total of $34. I would probably eat at China Delight first. Also important to note it doesn't seem this place has AC :(
pretty decent chinese food, I tried Hunan beef and hot&spicy shredded pork, it's ok to me. The service is nice too.
I tried this place once based on someone's recommendation and I want my money back. The food is very very oily, Maybe my batch was an anomaly but come on, it should be better than that. And finally, it is really expensive. For the money I paid and the portion they have it's not worth it. I'm very disappointed.
I'd been here before and liked the ambience and thought the food was decent. I had a group of relatives visiting from Toronto, so I had booked what they call the 'Gourmet Banquet' for $238 for 8-9 people. A few years ago, I had done something similar for a graduation party and remembered that all had went well. It's nice to have a big group there and not have to decide what to order and the food comes out fairly quickly. Too bad that's the nicest thing I have to say about the 'Gourmet Banquet' this time around. It started with a 'cold delicacies platter' with sliced beef, bean curd, jellyfish, fish - this was very good, though there was a lot of "filler" - pickled cabbage, etc. Next was a crab and shark fin soup - it was a bit bland - and my aunt requested vinegar and pepper for it. Also, I couldn't tell there was any crab in it - but there was quite a bit of chicken...random. Then came squid and scallops with snowpeas - it was fine, the sauce seemed overly thick and cornstarch-y.  There was lobster - it was beautifully presented - it tasted fine. Then came  honey walnut prawns - everyone loved this - BUT still, the sauce was gloppy, too much mayo...There was steamed fish that was dry, as was the tea smoked duck - both were overcooked. THen came dessert...a cut up orange. I don't think I would come back - there are better Chinese restaurants out there. I am disappointed because it really is a very pretty restaurant with nice service - so if I have relatives in town that I need to impress I will have to figure out something else. I definitely would not order the "Gourmet Banquet" again - for the price, it was NOT a good value, they still charged everyone for rice, and that sliced orange as the dessert was a disgrace. I wish they hadn't even put dessert on the menu - I would have been less insulted.
Over the past 6 years, I must have eaten their food more than 100 times, sometimes dining in, often getting takeout.  I can walk to their restaurant from my house, and even though other restaurants are nearby, they are way better than anything else in the immediate area.  Here is why I keep coming back: - Large portions, reasonable prices. - They have a VERY FAST kitchen, so you'll get your food quickly. - They give you a big rice container.  As a big eater, I really appreciate this. - Good Chinese food. Does better exist?  Sure, but Chef Chu's is much more expensive and Cupertino (we love A&J) isn't convenient for us. - They treat regulars very well.  Naturally, we know Simon the owner, who is consistently nice and enthusiastic. He'll also serve you as if he were just another waiter. - Good service If you like spicy shredded pork, definitely order it because it's hot!  If you like eel as well, get the eel, which comes with spicy shredded pork on top, making it an unadvertised 2-for-1 special (this is true during lunch, wouldn't know about dinner). The only negative worth mentioning is that on a recent visit, the food was uncharacteristically too salty.  But out of 100+ visits, that's not a bad record.
Hunan Garden is fantastic.  I have been going here for over 10 years.  The waiters are very friendly, attentive, and helpful.  Simon, the Owner, is the friendliest restaurant owner I know anywhere, and he's frequently there.  The place is fantastic for groups.  They have many large tables with lazy Susans.  And, they have an outdoor area if you need several large tables. The food is great.  I especially love the orange chicken, string beans, hunan smoked pork, deep fried bean curd, flounder fillets with spicy salt, and walnut prawns. I guess some other reviewers don't like the parking.  The parking lot in back is a little small.  But, I think unless you're driving a extended-cab pick-up truck, it's navigable.  And, street parking on that part of El Camino is usually very easy (around dinnertime, at least).
brought my wife in to eat here it was very good.  The people here were extremely wonderful.  no complaints.....i come here ever so often when trying something other than Su-Hong, love there combination fried rice and there chicken chow mein....ate here 3 days ago...i always order togo ..
My picky Chinese friends like this place as much as all my other friends.  Great service and good people. Parking tip: street-park on El Camino.  It's legal here and there's plenty of it.
We just really enjoy this location for Hunan food. Nice service and we know the owners. The fish & chicken entres are really healthy. No MSG. Restrooms are clean. The price is right and we usually go with friends when we can. Can be a bit noisy.
Ordered half roasted Peking duck, only *SIX* slices of duck showed up. If you want to be ripped off feel free to visit this place. Oh, did I mention that the waiter is also pretty good at throwing you an attitude.
My workplace is close by here, so my co-workers and I here once in a while.  I had the chow fun which was good, even though chow fun is not a Hunanese dish.  I don't know how many Hunan dishes they serve there.
Great place for lunch or dinner - one of my favorite Chinese restaurants. Their chicken chow mein, sesame chicken and pot stickers are delicious, as well as their beef and veggie dishes. I try to go there once a week and have been going there for a couple of years... looking forward to my next visit!
I'm not sure when the previous reviewers went but my coworkers and I went here for lunch and the food and the service was great. They were quick to take our orders, food came out fast, refilled our waters everytime, and gave us oranges and fortune cookies at the end of our meal. Their lunch special is off the hook. For under $10 you get your choice of dish, hot & sour soup, an egg roll, and steamed rice for everyone to share at the table! EVEN GAVE US SECONDS OF RICE FOR FREE! AND what chinese place has sweet & sour sauce AT THE TABLE!!!! No place ever does! They usually are shady with it and put barely enough sauce for your eggroll. This place is on HIT! I highly recommend it for lunch because I don't know how the atmopshere is for dinner. The only thing I can say bad about it is that they took away my homie's plate before he was done eatting his oranges. HAHAHA! Overall, it was a great meal with great service. I recommend the Sesame Beef. ON HIT!!!
still awesome.  the hot and sour soup is great.  the fried tofu wedges are a great appetizer, and the shrimp dishes are great, high quality shrimp... particularly the sesame shrimp (fried)
Friendly service.   The hot and sour soup was awesome.  The veggie potstickers didn't taste... Read more 
americanized chinese food
Hunan Garden is my favorite Chinese restaurant in the Palo Alto area. The orange peel chicken is the best I've ever had, and I always order orange chicken. It has a sweet, spicy and tangy sauce that is to die for, and the crispiness of the fried chicken is perfect. On a side note, this is not a good dish for take out because it gets mushy on the way home. I also love their hot and sour soup and vegetable fried rice. Prices are reasonable for really tasty, high quality food. The friendly owner, Simon, is awesome. The only problem with Hunan Garden is that it closes in the afternoon... I can't stand it when restaurants make me wait until 5 when I haven't eaten all day!  Oh, also parking kind of sucks.  It's best to park on the street.
I really like this place.  I've been coming here since it opened, since it's very close to my house.  Since I started going off to college, I will often order some dishes take out from here to bring back with me to school.  I would recommend the 3-4 dishes I always get, but unfortunately, I don't know the english names.  One is something like a black pepper beef, which comes out in a miniature wok, with a fire still burning under it.  Another dish is a tofu, pork dish, slightly spicy.  And the salt and pepper pork is good too.  I also always get whatever veggie their serving, cooking with garlic.  As regulars, the manager is super nice to my family and will often send out a complimentary dish.  He is also very social and will make rounds to all the guests most of the time.  My housekeeper's husband is also the head sous chef here and I can vouch for the cleanliness of the kitchen.  One thing, I would not recommend this place if you are on special diets where you must avoid oil.  This food is VERY VERY oily.  Also, you will eat everything with lots and lots of rice.  Nyum.
I have been going here with friends since July 2000, and since then has been my favorite place to go for excellent chinese food, and my favorite place of all places to go with groups. I'm surprised by the more negative reviews on here, this place has a fantastic and friendly staff, the owner (Simon) is a large part of what makes us love it here, he makes it fun.  I don't know how authentic or not the food is, and frankly I don't see how that's important if the food is this good, I have so many favorite dishes here and groups I go with always over-order on purpose, and even still most of it gets finished.  The atmosphere is simple, clean and not pretentious as a place that looks like "Donald Trumps' House" (as one review said) Maybe that works for some, but that sort of place with mediocre food would make it even worse for me, since it would be so ingenuine. This place is casual, but not nearly as casual as many other good chinese restaurants I've been to. Overall they are a genuine business that tries to be nothing more or less than they are, the meats and quality of everything that goes into the food is fantastic, and in the 8 years I'v been there it hasn't gone 'down hill' as many places do who start out great.
the last time i ate here i vowed to never return (and i havent).  I ordered the mongolian beef and i swear it came out so salty i couldnt even eat it with rice!  its like they cooked it for so long that all the liquid condensed into this slimy goo that was EXTREMELY salty...ewww. its definitely not the best place for chinese food and really not authentic at all.  i'd rather pack a p and j sandwich than eat here.
This is the best upper-scale takeout--repeat TAKE-OUT--Chinese, especially Hunan, restaurant in the Peninsula. (I wouldn't say the entire Bay.) Bar none. These other reviewers don't know what they're talking about. It could be that they're trying the usual boring stuff--viz., chicken with broccoli. The standouts here really are the noodle soups, all of the house specials I've tried, and the sizzling beef/seafood platters that come in brown sauce and with black beans. Dayyamm! That stuff is good. I wouldn't eat Peking duck here, are you crazy? Peking duck is good in, uh, Peking. Hunan cooking is a totally different animal. A very spicy one. Study just a bit of your Chinese geography and your Chinese food experiences will improve, my friends. Or ask the waiters for recommendations. They're not the most friendly in the world, but if are a repeat customer, they get friendlier each time, I promise, just be patient with them and you will be rewarded.
We just came here, excited to use our http://Restaurant.com certificate we bought 6 months ago. But we just found out after getting here and putting in our orders that they no longer have a "contract" with http://Restaurant.com and they will not honor our certificate! Even if they no longer have a contract, they should honor the certificates floating around that people have purchased! Makes me very disappointed, as we've been patrons here before and like their food. Not sure if we will come back now.
yummy my family and i have been going here for over eight years! had my sister's birthday, family functions etc here. they take such nice care of us; sometimes service is a little slow but this is a comfort food place :))))
I work on Page Mill in Palo Alto and my coworkers and I go here on average about once every week or two for lunch.  Hands down our favorite place for lunch in the area, and this is my favorite chinese restaurant.  It's quick, it's yummy, and they're great at accomodating large groups (we have up to 15 people at times).  We always do "family" style and so I've tried tons of their entrees, and there's not one that I didn't like.  My personal favorites are the honey walnut prawns, chicken chow mein (lots of veggies in it), spicy garlic chicken, and pot stickers.  I've been to Hunan so many times that they know my name, haha.  My coworkers and I work long hours so we've also ordered their food to-go many times, and it's always really quick and convenient for us and sooo good!
Went to dinner last night, 10/31 with our group of 5.  Warmly greeted by the owner, Mr. Simon, upon entering, shown a nice table with good seating, ambient lighting (very important to me) and attentive service.  Not your typical "Chinese restaurant" at all.  Excellent decor, contemporary in style with live round tropical fish wall art going on.  Soothing and pleasant.  Quiet dining (a plus nowadays!) and good selection of wine and beer.  The proper red wine glasses too, not the small white wine  tasting ones you usually come across.  A complimentary fried tofu in a yummy sauce is delivered right away after the beverages.  Simon's secret sauce flavors make this tofu exciting.  Then we ordered the salt and pepper flounder (a 10), pea pod greens which you normally cannot find anywhere, with roasted garlic, the Peking duck, Mongolian beef.  Absolutely the best Chinese restaurant for my taste on the SF Peninsula.  Beats Flower Lounge (overpriced).  Go for it!  Plenty of parking too.
I only eat here because I work close by. Food is on the greasy side but nice clean environment compared to other chinese restaurants.
Hunan Garden serves by far the best chinese food I've had in the area.  The sesame chicken is fantastic, I love the wanton soup, and the service is excellent.  It's also a much more attractive environment than many chinese restaurants.
yummy cheap and good chinese style food
I don't know what is authentic Hunan is, but as Jeff said, they do have a garden.  Neither really matters that much to me.  I have been coming here for 5 years or so .... and it's ALWAYS a great meal.  There are lots of Chinese places around, but  the difference is I can taste the love in the food at Hunan Garden.  I had another terrific meal here tonight -- even though I didn't have the green pea shoots this time!
I went for lunch.  Nice atmoshere along with friendly good service, unfortunately to ingest oily,salty, and  flavorless Chinese food which was the worst of that cuisine ever consumed.
Best Chinese food in Palo Alto.  The location leaves something to be desired, but the owner is a really nice guy and the food is unbelievable.
Relatively new to the Bay Area, my Southern California family and I have been enjoying Hunan Homes a further south on El Camino - but this is much closer, and we tried it today - pleasantly surprised! I look everywhere for tasty orange chicken - happilly this is one of the top 3 i've tasted in years! The fresh veggie medley was great, very fresh and a good assortment. My husband enjoyed the s/s chicken, although i didn't try it he suggested it was a lil starchy but very tasty. We ordered take-out, the prices and serving sizes were great - and i was able to case out the dining room while i picked up - at 8pm on a Monday night it was full of chattering professionals and familys of all races. It is tastfully decorated, clean, and friendly staff interacting. Very nice!
This is my family's favorite Chinese restaurant, Simon knows his many customers. He always greets everyone and takes special care of my father.  We have eaten here since it opened, also at Simon's brother's place Hunan Homes in Mountain View, and we frequently do take out as well. Favorite dishes are the Westlake Beef Soup and the Fish Fillet over greens, but everything is good! Some of the best Peking Duck too. Wish the parking could be better, but if you go early, you can park on the street.
