GREAT MARGARITAS!!  The server even made mine a "skinny/low cal" one that didn't taste too sweet.  It was hard to understand the waiter sometimes over the hustle and bustle of the restaurant, which was plenty crowded for a Thursday night. I had the fajitas and I thought that they were DELICIOUS!  It's a good mexican food place, not the best that I've ever been too, but it definitely hit the spot that night.  I even had leftovers to take home because the serving sizes were so generous (but definitely equivalent to the cost). The chips came with THREE different kinds of salsa, which definitely kept us preoccupied until the food came.  Watch out for spiciness!
Right when my girlfriends and I arrived, we were greeted by the manager/owner of the restaurant.  I think he introduced himself as the owner.  Don't remember.  We were still waiting for the rest of our party, so he seated us at the bar.  I know he was trying his best to be friendly, but he came off as a little pushy and opinionated.  For example, there were four of us and we ordered three strawberry margaritas, but he said four; insisting that the fourth person should drink too.  Hey, dude, if she doesn't want to drink, leave her alone!  Later, when we asked him to take a picture of us, he told us to move his menu out of the way, because he didn't want his business in our photo.  Um, you don't want us to tell our friends about your restaurant?  Alright, fine. The restaurant was less than half filled during that weekday evening, so there wasn't any problem seating our party of 10 in that small place.  The waiter did a great job getting our orders right and made sure to come back "very often" to ask us to order more alcohol beverages.  Unfortunately, he didn't check on our chips and salsa.  We had to tag him down for more.  No one came by for a long time to make sure everything was fine after we all got our food and after we said we were not ordering anymore alcohol beverages.  I'm leaving it at that and you guys figure out why they stopped giving good service all of a sudden. The menu was too limited that I couldn't decide what to order, because they would have this, but not that in every plate I come across.  There was hardly any description on how they prepare their meat or their other dishes.  For example, it says beef...well, is it carne asada, shredded, ground?  Caution: they only have black beans and no other beans.  If you're on a date, don't order beans unless your date is into black teeth.  You can choose your sides.  I paid $10 for one beef enchilada with rice and beans.  That's not too expensive for a fancier place like this, but I've had bigger and better Mexican plates for under $10 with friendlier service.  Beans and rice were cooked nicely.  The enchilada had a well-seasoned sauce, but I would hesitate to come back.  The plate was big, but filled with mostly sauce.  It looks like you're getting plenty until you dig in and the plate is pretty shallow.  My enchilada was not filled with enough shredded beef.  I was still hungry after finishing my plate.  My 90 lb girlfriend, who eats very little, finished her dinner plate.  Tells you what their portion size is.  I'd go for the chips and salsas again.  They were delicious and the darker, smokey salsa was addicting!  Second thought, you can get good chips and salsa anywhere! *Small portion for the price paid for Mexican food. *Limited menu.
FOOD - All burrito dishes come with a giant burrito and a side of rice and beans for only $9.95...pretty decent deal for dinner! Definitely had leftovers for the next day. - Chicken guajillo burrito: the reduced sour cream sauce was a bit heavy for me, so next time I'll opt for a sauce-less burrito (maybe carne asada?). Chicken was a bit dry but the sauce kinda helped. - Ordered "big" serving of guac. for $6.95 and discovered it was only the size of a couple tennis balls, so that was a bit disappointing. I would prefer to make my own in the future but my friend had a huge avocado craving. SERVICE - Called ahead to place our order to-go and SPECIFICALLY told them they were to be 4 separate orders (i.e. 4 separate receipts). They told us to come in 15 minutes. We come in 20 and still had to wait another 15 before our food was ready! And they presented us with one big bill, which made splitting our order between 4 people that much more difficult. - And I get it...this is a classier Palo Alto place. But can't a girl get a Corona to go?! I would probably like to come again and eat INSIDE the restaurant/bar since the atmosphere seemed pretty fun. But food and price-wise, I would totally prefer a food truck if I wanted Mexican food to-go.
Problem 1. This restaurant does not accept reservations. Problem 2. Lack of Service Situation: We arrive at the restaurant at 8:30 pm.  We need a table outside because of our dog. The hostess asked us to wait for 5-10 minutes since a table outside is almost done. We see that the client is waiting for the check. We wait, wait, and wait. 20 minutes pass. Problem 3. Lack of effective communication The clients at the said table are chatting away, nobody is processing their check, and  inform them that we are waiting for the table. Reminders to the hostess don't yield results. Problem 4. Selective Client Insensitivity, Hubris Half an hour passes. The restaurant closes at 9:30 and it's almost 9;00 pm. We speak to the manager and then the owner. Ironically, they make it quite clear that that they are not interested in solving the problem for us. They refused to follow our suggestion to diplomatically inform the chatting clients that we have been waiting for the table. Instead, he tells us in a curt tone that we are overreacting, and that he can't do anything about the situation! He also asserts that they have been in business for a long time and they know what they are doing! REALLY?
Every time I venture to this restaurant, I think "it could be so much better" if they just beefed up their service, and improved the delivery of food and drinks.  We do love their margaritas, but I think the 2nd round was made with inferior tequilla from the one we ordered--the bartender always seemed so rushed, and there is LOTS of ice in those margaritas!  Some of the food is very good--the soups, for instance, but the sauces are creamy sauces in general, which doesn't represent authentic mexican food to me, anyway.  Overall, I have experienced it as one of the better Mexican restaurants in PA, but if they could just improve their service (to not feel so rushed, and have one person helping you, instead of 4-5), and food a bit, it could be so much better.
The service, not so great. The food.....awesome!
Great vegetarian options. Several sauces to try on enchiladas & burritos, with filling options including cheese & vegetables. 3 different salsas with the complimentary chips. The restaurant, Vive Sol in Mountain View (owned by the spouse) are decorated nicely. It can get busy & they do not take reservations.
Great Mexican food with many vegetarian options. They have a variety of enchiladas. They say they... Read more 
The food is really, really good. Great fresh salsas. I can't decide which of the three salsas are my favorite. It is a busy restaurant so I understand the people that worried about the service, but I was there on a busy Wednesday night and the service was great--very attentive. Would definitely go again!
Went to Cocina Sol on a Saturday evening with friends. The restaurant was recommended by some folks and it definitely lived up to expectations. I had the burrito guajillo, which is a burrito that comes with a tasty sour cream based sauce. Fresh ingredients and a pretty expansive menu, everyone really enjoyed their meal. The servers were great, making the rounds several times during our dinner, very friendly. Everyone seemed to like their margaritas, looking around at the other tables practically everyone was having one. Good time, nice outdoor seating, I would definitely go back.
I've been here a few times, and besides the initial serving of chips and salsa, I've been thoroughly underwhelmed by the food every time. The carne asada burrito is likely my favorite thing on the menu, which is good, but nothing to write home about. The last time I dined here I deviated from the norm and ordered something similar to a chicken salad, which was unfortunately a large letdown. The chicken was boiled to a horrible consistency and bland flavor, and the rest of the salad was also quite mediocre. I can't think of any dish I've had that justifies the price. Otherwise, the service is friendly and relatively fast. The three varieties of salsa that they bring out are all very good. However, I just can't give this place a high rating when their food isn't much better than that of a standard taqueria at half the price.
When we arrived I found this venue to be intriguing. Once we got our chips and salsas I knew it was not my thing. Not one thing we ordered had any flavor, my enchilada had no cheese (and it was a cheese enchilada) my friend requested chicken and cheese enchilada and was assured that is how should would received. However, after she took a bite there was NO cheese. Also waited way to long to get a check. The place is not terrible but I think Ill pass on a second visit.
I have come here a few times with my sister and I really like Palo Alto Sol.  The last time I came we arrived like 30 min before closing but they still seated us which I thought was nice.  I got the crab enchiladas and a regular margarita.  The enchiladas were very yummy but the margarita was way too sweet for me.  My sister got some grilled shrimp that she loved and we both had enough to take home for the next day!  Service was nice but we did run out of water for a while because it was the end of the night and the staff was eating dinner.  But it's fine, we got some in the end!
Best Dish: Burrito Guajillo with Chicken!  Lunch price is $12. "our very own family recipe. Our grandma's "special" is served over chicken. A light sour cream base, guajillo peppers & herbs give it a rich and sophisticated taste." The description does not do the taste justice.  OH MY GOODNESS, such tender chicken (which is my meat of choice).  The sauce is simply amazing. Best Mole in town!!!  YOU REALLLLLLY HAVE TO TRY THIS DISH! Also, many tables ordered the Torilla soup which came in a huge bowl, so I will have to go back and try that! Came here with a party of 9 ladies.  We came here early and beat the lunch crowd.  Luckily we did because it got packed!!!  Customer service was decent; they weren't super attentive, but when they did come by they were extremely pleasant and comical at times. Great experience! :)  Amazing food! :)  Did I mention there's a good selection of alcohol?  Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh yes! :D
I like the service here. There is a big population of waitstaff and they watch everything in a professional way. More wine? More water? Chips and salsa? My personal specialty is Cajun toast, so some say I shouldn't complain about food. I ordered a Crab Enchilada dinner. The thing that didn't work for me: there were crab shell fragments in every bite of the encilada. The plate was served with black beans and traditional rice. There was some guacamole on the top. Everything worked except the crab shell fragments in the enchilada filling. When I told the waitstaff about the problem, the staff member didn't respond with any proposed remedy. Order something other than crab enchiladas and you'll likely be pleased. Optimist's view: this must've been real crab meat! Quit whining, crab shells are rich in calcium! I was there outside of traditional dinner hours. It was just the din of conversation, but the sound pressure level was occasionally painful. During peak levels, it was at the level of an ambulance behind you with the siren on and your car's windows down. During a few peak periods it was too loud to communicate with waitstaff or fellow diners. Most of the time it was just the happy noise of diners. This location is handicap accessible in terms of no stairs and a reasonable grade from sidewalk to dining room floor. The tables and chairs are arrayed in a way that might be tough to navigate in a wheelchair.
I enjoyed my first dinner here and definitely want to come back for more. I had the enchiladas del sol - one enchilada covered with mole sauce and the other with the restaurant's special guajillo sauce.  Pretty tasty! The mole was a little sweet for my taste, but after trying mole sauce in a few places, I think I am just generally not a fan. The guajillo sauce was very unique - not sure I've had a sauce like this in other Mexican restaurants - creamy and savory. Rice and beans were good. Not amazing, but good enough. Just after we finished dinner (when I was painfully full), a waiter came by with two HUGE bowls of soup. They smelled so good! I will definitely return just to try that soup.
Palo Alto Sol to me is like Vive Sol's less comely twin sister. So if the menus are pretty much identical, as are the prices, why is Palo Alto Sol less comely? One - I chose a different entree at Palo Alto Sol for variety's sake. Their Camarones Cilantro was just okay. It wasn't horrible. It just seemed to be lacking the pizzaz or spice and the volume that I was looking for, and the lemon they brought me didn't really do much to improve the flavor. I strongly preferred the flavors and substance of the Enchiladas al Sol entree from Vive Sol even though I ended up using it as more of a "nacho" dip for the amazing tortilla chips! It was a much more filling, satisfying meal. Since I didn't go for the same dish at Palo Alto Sol, I'll be honest, I'm comparing apples and oranges. Please forgive me.... Two - the dining room set-up at Palo Alto Sol is long, deep, and slightly cramped feeling. I met my friend in the way back past the bar and beyond a partition of sorts. It made for a somewhat private-feeling. But that was more of a mirage than anything else because we still had tables beside and behind us. Vive Sol by comparison has a wider, more open dining area which to me seems more comfortable and relaxing, albeit less private-feeling. Vive Sol is nonetheless my preference on this front as well. Third - lunch hour parking for Palo Alto Sol was horrendous the day that we went (a Wednesday). Dinner hour parking was quick and easy at Vive Sol on a Sunday evening. I doubt that that's always the case based on other reviews. But I'm sure it can't get any worse than Palo Alo Sol at lunchtime. Yet again, I may be comparing apples and oranges. My apologies.... I could go on. But suffice it to say, Palo Alto Sol offers you decent fare at a decent location for what can seem like an indecent price depending on what you end up ordering. I might recommend it for a quick, occasional lunch. Vive Sol to me seems like a better choice for dinner and special occasions.
It's hard to mess up nachos or make nachos I will never order again...this place did it for me. I won't ever order their nachos again. While I will not be getting their nachos in the near future, I will be getting their carne asada burrito. I've eaten here 3 times and have gotten the carne asada burrito the last 2 times. It hits the "MUST HAVE BEEF FOR LUNCH!!!" spot. It's hearty, flavorful, if a bit salty. Service is impeccable. Not once did I have to beg for water. My glass was always full. Word to the wise -- they do not do fountain drinks, but rather cans of soda. Don't go in there thinking you'll get free refills.
Last night I went out with my girlfriend to Palo Alto Sol on California St. in Palo Alto.  I had never been there before and we were meaing to go because often when we go down California St. we see this place packed with people and very busy. So we stepped in last night to give it a try, and we learned that big crowds do not always know what they are talking about. The first thing I noticed is that our table had a wobble on it.  Not to make too much of this, but when you see places that problems like this it gives you an idea about how much they care or how much bandwidth they have to look at their work from the customer's point of view.  Like the restrooms in a place, it tells you something about the quality of the product they put out. Other than the table being wobbly the seats and location were comfortable. We ordered normal mexican food items, a pork enchilada meal, with rice and beans, and a taco/tostada meal with rice and beans, and got two beers, imported from Mexico.  The bill for his very simple average meal came to almost $42.  That seemed like a lot to me for what was normal and fairly medium quality Mexican food from ingedients that did not seem to be spectacular in any way.  The beers were $5 a piece. A few days ago we ate at a small Mexican place off El Camino in San Carlos which was great and the bill was almost half that - so maybe I was thinking of that when we got the check and it kind of bugged me a little bit that the cost was so high, and I did not feel the quality was commensurate.  The service was good however. It's not that big of a thing, and there is no big plus or big minus here, but for that price maybe they could fix the tables so they work, or are at least adjustable. I'd say this place was just slightly below average because of the high cost.  The food was decent, my chicken taco and beef tostada were good, and I always love rice and beans.  The chicken was sort of bland, the beef was better, but not very much of it, and my friend's pork was very forgettable to the point that there being not much of it could be considered good or bad.  ;-) One thing I should mention is that almost every Mexican restaurant I have been to serves some kind of tomato, cilantro, garlic, onion salsa with their chips, and Palo Alto Sol had 3 kind of blah sauces but nothing chunky.  I'm not a big fan of really spicy food or sauces, but I do appreciate freshness and flavor.  The chips were good, the salsa slightly below average and without any pico do gallo ... if that what it's called ?  That is a big flop for the state of the art of Mexican places these days. I'd go back if I could not find any other place in the area, or just wanted to give it another try, but it will probably be a long while before I think about going back. In there particular areas there is nothing competing in the Mexican food department, and most of the Mexican places in Palo Alto are pretty expensive relative to Mexican food in general. All in all it was OK but I was unimpressed except with the service which was attentive and adequate.
Wow this place is SUPER busy during lunch. Parking is a joke in Palo Alto, but luckily I did an order to go and had my friend circle the block. They were so busy that it took an extra 10 minutes once I got there for the order to be ready. Big portions and lots of chips and salsa. I ordered the Sopa Azteca (otherwise known as Tortilla soup), and it was amazing!! I noticed while I was in the restaurant, that the bowls they serve it in are HUGE! The portions they gave to go were just as big!! I liked that it was pretty spicy and the chicken was cooked perfectly (shredded beautifully). I got the cheese and tortillas strips on the side so I could add the amount I wanted. The people at the restaurant were friendly, but extremely busy. The gentleman on the phone who took my order was pleasant as well. My only real complaint is the wait, but the food was great. Others from my company would agree 4 stars. The coworker who got the Mole burrito was not so fond of his, however, the one who got Pollo Burrito LOVED it. Said it was the best green sauce she's ever had. I would come here again, but either earlier or later and not during the made rush at 1pm.
This place used to be good, but things have gone downhill.  There is an army of staff, but not sure how effective they are.  My boss and I are regulars on California Avenue for lunch, and we used to like coming here, but our last visit was, well, our last visit.  The food sucked, as did the service.  Their credit card machine was down, so they were using those old-school carbon copy forms, which is fine, except the bartender was being lazy and tried to pressure my boss into using cash, which really annoyed him.  I was shocked because they know him there, as he was a longtime regular.  Not any more!
Wow, I'm really surprised at the bad comments about the service. I have been there maybe 8-10 times and have always had a really positive experience. Yes, sometimes they can be very busy and that influences the wait time. However, the last time I was there, my partner even ordered the wrong thing (he was thinking one thing, ordered another), and they offered to replace the dish with what he actually wanted! Their margaritas are very good (maybe Tommy's in SF is better) and their salsas are good. I like that they have many typical mexican restaurant dishes, and a number of traditional dishes that you might not find many other places. Some dishes have the bold flavors you'd expect, while others a subtlety of flavor that isn't found most other places. I love it, and I'll be back.
Despite the fact that a local dude recommended this to me as his favorite spot on California Ave, it was pretty average Mexican food, no different than I've had in any other city.  Which isn't necessarily a bad thing! We walked in on a Sunday night at 7 or so and there were plenty of available tables.  Feeling fancy, we got premium margaritas on the rocks which were strong and absolutely delicious.  Definitely started the meal off right.  We were given chips and salsa, actually three salsas, which were all a bit thin and runny but still tasty and fun to combine. I ordered the Enchiladas Al Sol, which was highly recommended on Yelp and by the local guy I was talking to.  My boyfriend got the Bistec Ranchero.  His was served fajita style, with tortillas and accompaniments.  I got my enchiladas with chicken - one was covered in a fairly sweet mole sauce, and the other was in a bright, neon-orange guajillo sauce (peppers, sour cream, spices).  And I got rice and beans on the side.  Everything was certainly just fine, savory and salty, but nothing really blew us out of the water.  Everyone raves about the guajillo sauce but I thought it was just fine, nothing to write home about. The servers were friendly and we enjoyed our meal, but we fail to see how this differentiates from the usual Mexican joints you can find anywhere.  Big portions though, and good prices.  Cute decor as well.  A fine choice if you're in the mood for simple Mexican.
This is what I'm talking about when I ask my folks to take me to authentic mexican diggs. I ordered the beef ansada.  AMAZING.  Guac, sour cream, beef, rice, beans.  I don't remember a word that was said on that table! Service was amazing as well, they're all gentlemen!
We were there for dinner and it was pretty busy.  I ordered the chicken fajitas, at $14. I expect fajitas to come with little side condiments, like pico de gallo, guacamole, sour cream etc., and the chicken to be served separately on the plate from the pepper and onion.  Here, it's all mixed together, and there are no condiments.  That's second rate in my book.  Also, only two tortillas come with it, and the dish requires four,  and I was charged extra when I asked for two more. Also, the servers are not very friendly and you get the idea they want to turn the table ASAP.  We won't be back!
Great food and Margaritas!!!  They have a great menu with a good variety.  I been here for lunch and dinner.  You must try the chicken ajuajillo is very very good.
Did someone say Mexican?? I've been to their sister restaurant, Vive Sol, numerous times, so when I learned that Palo Alto Sol was related, I had to try it out. My husband and I met some out-of-town friends here awhile ago and enjoyed our experience. The restaurant has a calm ambiance and low lights, so if you have trouble seeing in the dark, bring a little flashlight to assist you in reading the menu. My go-to favorite Mexican dish is chicken enchiladas verdes, as I find they are a great measure for how the rest of the food will be at a given Mexican restaurant. The ones I ordered here were almost identical to those of Vive Sol, so that was great since I love theirs so much. I also love that there's so much easy and free parking around California Avenue. When in the mood for solid Mexican food, a lower key atmosphere, and less of a wait, we'd choose Palo Alto Sol over Vive Sol.
I absolutely LOVEEEE this place. I love Mexican food and it's really hard to find good places. It's clean, cozy, and delicious and the waiters are pleasant as well. Almost anything I try here has been amazeballs. Their three complimentary salsa dips are delicious, for starters. All the enchilidas and burritos are to die for. Their drinks aren't that great, somewhat watered down, but otherwise - it's awesome. The only thing that sucks is that they're not open that late on most nights and the wait list starts getting long starting quite early.
went with friends over dinner & we loved it. good drinks and service, place is small though. But quality and service makes it up.
I came during lunch for a co-worker's b-day.  I was expecting poor service as everyone keeps saying but it actually was pretty decent.  There wasn't a busy crowd so maybe that's why. I ordered the chicken enchilada with the guajillo sauce.  YUCK! The chicken was plain boiled and shredded with no seasoning and a creamy/tangy sauce.  Definitely did not satisfy my taste buds! Also ordered guac.  This was ok - slightly salty. Flan was alright.  Good in taste but bad texture - it had too many air bubbles in it.  I've made flan only a couple dozen times so I know what its supposed to turn out like. Probably wouldn't eat here again.
Great food, service needs working on. I'm in love with their "sister/brother/cousin" (not sure which one) restaurant, Vive Sol, mainly because of the dish I've only gotten and had, the lomo de puerco. However, I had seen on their website that the only difference between the 2 restaurants are, Palo Alto Sol does not have the lomo de puerco, and Vive Sol does not have their crab enchiladas. Came here last night with coworkers, and they will not seat you until half your party has arrived. So waited at the bar with a peer that already had a glass of wine. I sat there for about 10 minutes until a bartender asked me if I wanted a drink. Ordered one, and was given it shortly. They also use canned sodas instead of what you normally see at a bar, so that was good. We finally were seated and given our basket of chips and salsa. love all their salsas, especially the red one that's spiciest. I was contemplating what to get, and in the meantime, we ordered guacamole, but when they said there's cilantro already made in it, we decided to get the bean dip that has chorizo and melted cheese. It was quite yummy, and they give you a side of corn tortillas which I was the only one that utilized it. We had also ordered a round of drink's and my coworker's glass of wine was taking forever to come out (even though another person ordered the same glass and got hers with the rest of our drinks). I had also asked for a refill of chips, and the waiter said okay, and 15 minutes later, we still didn't have more, so I asked another waiter. The place was getting packed, and 5 minutes after we put in our order, the food came out. Or so we thought. When the other 2 entrees did not match up, we realized he had the wrong table. Which made sense since it was so quick after putting in our orders. Our food did end up coming out, and they placed my hot plate (got the steak serrano) off the edge of my table. When I went to push it onto the table more, I slightly burned my finger on the hot plate. I also had to ask for the side of tortillas I had requested twice. Was a bit annoyed. The steak serrano was good, the creamy sauce with the serrano peppers and onions complimented the tortillas nicely, as well as the rice and beans (their refried beans are also different than vive sol, as they use pinto beans). Overall, the food was great, everyone enjoyed their food, but they were really trying to get us out of there, and clearing plates without asking if we were done at times. Granted, the small place was packed, but they were seating everyone fine. But they really seemed to be trying their best to shoo us out, and we didn't appreciate that at all. Although the food was good, and prices are a bit higher, I'd rather go to Vive Sol.
I've been here twice in the past month (and a few times before that).  I've had the Enchiladas al Guajillo and convinced the majority of the people I was with to have them as well. It is fairly small and they don't do reservations, so getting a group of more than 2 people seated can be difficult.  I had no problems getting seated with 4 people at 6 PM on a Tuesday.  5 people on a Friday night was more of a nightmare.  There were lots of other people waiting, so it was hard to even get to a host or server to talk to and put my name in.  I was told 30 minutes but it ended up being over an hour... We didn't mind waiting an hour because a server agreed to bring us out Margaritas as we sat outside.  I mean, they weren't *free* Margaritas, but they were tasty and full of booze.  So we were happy to stick around until we were seated and got our enchiladas. The prices are good and they bring the food to you very quickly once you order.  The biggest problem is getting in!
Food here is good but the service is stupidly bad. I mean it's so bad that it would be funny if it wasn't costing money to eat here. I had a large group of 14 people from my office who wanted to come here for whatever reason. I called ahead and asked to reserve a seat for 14. I've been here before and know they could accommodate us. The person I talked to said they don't take reservations. Not even for a large group. We decided to go anyway. I made sure to get there a few minutes early so I could get a table. They told me they wouldn't even set up a table until all 14 of us were there. I guess they were too fucking busy to be bothered or something. So I waited until everybody was there and then again asked for a table for 14. They said they wouldn't move any tables or put any tables together, even though there were plenty of empty tables, and space to set them up. They said we would have to sit at separate tables. Ok whatever. We were already there so went along with it. They took our orders and then the real fun began, starting with drinks. They seemed to just give each person a random drink for the sake of expediency. Then we were left to figure out who had which drink. Obviously, nobody ever got a refill. When the food came, they brought each food item out, one at a time, and had no idea who it belonged to of course, so they stood there yelling "ENCHILADA" or whatever until someone claimed it. Some of the servers didn't know what they were bringing out. For example, someone in our group had ordered a vegetarian entree, and the server didn't know if it was vegetarian or not. One person in our group had an entree that came with tortillas but never got them. She asked 4 times and never got them. Although the food here is good, the service was so insultingly, in-your-face bad that I can't give them any stars and would probably never come back here.
Ok, I'm not totally sure why all the negative reviews but it seems like if you come in with a group- it can get a bit ugly as far as wait time and seating goes.  However, the wifey and I have come here a couple times and we actually sat at the same table both times- with a max wait time of 10 minutes on a Saturday evening.  Both times we got solid service plus they offer cloth napkins, now that's a plus. Now the food reviews:  they offer mediocre at best tortilla chips (they're not warm and just not that good) but it comes with three kinds of excellent salsas that help (I read in a review how someone wanted a chunky style salsa- yeah, I can see that they don't have this style but broaden your salsa horizon- not all salsas are chunky...)  Their plates are actually decent- had a shrimp enchilada and chicken tostada.  (They don't serve black beans which is a bummer.)  And their margaritas are pretty darn tasty too. Its a solid mexican food restaurant.  I give it a solid review and would come back here again!
Tonight was my second time coming to Palo Alto Sol for dinner with friends, and this time was a much tastier experience! The place was PACKED on a Thursday evening at 7:45, so the four of us were seated in the back of the restaurant. We actually didn't mind the secluded ambience since it allowed us to have a more private dining experience. (Last time I was here, we sat outside on a warm summer's day, and that was a little less private, but it is nice that they have an outside option too, even if it's limited and located right near the entrance!) The chips and three salsas (of varying levels of spicy) which the server brought out were super tasty, and the server quickly refilled the basket of chips after we wolfed the first basket down. I love that they do this without making you feel guilty or gluttonous in any way. We just want to enjoy those salsas, after all! Last time I was here, I ordered one of the chicken enchiladas plates. The mole sauce really wasn't my personal favorite flavor-wise, and I was pretty disappointed, so this time I went with a completely different tack: the Burrito de Carne Asada. WOW. This is an absolutely delicious burrito! It's the kind which requires you to use a knife and fork, but that doesn't make it any less yummy. The carne asada was impeccable, and the fresh tomatoes perfectly balanced out the mouthwatering flavors of the grilled onions. Melted cheese on top of the burrito was also a nice touch. Rice and beans are your average fair. I would definitely get this again next time. The menu seems to be a bit hit-or-miss for me, but I absolutely enjoyed my dinner tonight!
Delicious Mexican food with great table service! There is a bar or tables to sit at. I love the low-light-warm-wall-color feel of this place. The food was great! I love that the chips come with 3 different salsas; one was warmed and completely delicious! I was here with 2 friends and were were sitting amongst families, large parties and smaller parties during the midday. We did not have a wait, but one larger party did. I recommend this place for anyone in the Palo Alto area. California Ave is a cute street that makes all the shops look quaint and inviting. A great end to a nice walk!
One of my favorite stops for a glass of wine, chips and salsa, and a little writing.  They have the rare commodity of a patio.  Good gracious, why is it so terribly difficult to find a nice patio to rest yourself on a sunny day?  This is California and every restaurant should be open to the air!!  Thank goodness, Palo Alto Sol delivers.  Although I fancy the bar at their sister restaurant better, the hours here are much more accommodating and the location is a bit friendlier for parking and environment.  The food is a bit odd for a Mexican restaurant, but who needs a full meal when they offer such a nice variety of salsas?
Been coming here for 10 years, and it's actually gotten better over the years!  I still don't drink (here) because I always have to drive, but the food has improved in consistency.  For example, 10 years ago, the 3 complementary salsas varied a lot in thickness / spice from visit to visit, but now they're rock solid every time -- like the rest of the menu. I usually get either the chicken soup and love the chunks of artichoke, chicken breast, and rice (and other stuff) in a mildly spicy broth -- it's perfect if you think you're sick or getting sick or recovering from a hangover OR one of the specials on the back.  Portions tend to be large, except for the shrimp dishes (which have really high quality, large, fresh shrimp) which tend to be small relative to the other portion sizes. I do not get guac here because it's $9 at the table!  ($4 at the bar) The longest I've had to wait in recent memory is about 20 minutes at 8pm on a Friday or Saturday night, but then again, I tend to come here with just one other person and there are lots of tables for small groups. Final note:  Despite it's proximity to Stanford, it's not overrun by undergrads (perhaps because the drinks are a bit pricey).
I love California Avenue in Palo Alto - it's often overshadowed by University Ave, just a few miles away. So many great restaurants within a few blocks AND they have ample free parking. Took some friends/colleagues to dinner at Palo Alto Sol a few nights ago. Note: they do not take reservations, despite that their Yelp page says that they do. However, we arrived around 6 pm on a Thursday and there was no wait. I got there a few minutes early and had a beer at the bar. Very friendly bartender, btw. As we were seated, our server immediately greeted us and gave us a quick tutorial on their margarita selection. Pretty impressive. I just went with the house version, salt on the rocks. It was good, but nothing too terribly special. It went well with an order of chips and guac, too. Dinner selections were not my favorite. I ended up with a steak enchilada - it was a last-minute decision. It wasn't bad, but not the best Mexican meal that I've ever had. It wasn't bad, mind you, just nothing fantastic. Same goes for the prices. They aren't shockingly expensive, but not cheap either. I wasn't expecting Mission burrito prices, but $13-15 per entree seemed a little steep considering. Perhaps I'm still suffering from California sticker shock? I'm guessing lunch at Palo Alto Sol is a bit more fun. Come here on a Saturday or Sunday afternoon, sit out on their little patio, drink and eat appetizers. That seems like the way to go.
Traditional and authentic.  So far, the best Mexican restaurant on the Peninsula since Celia's circa 1984.
I had a great time here! I would say 3 stars for the food, which was fine, and 4.5 stars for the overall experience. We were there on a Wednesday night and had a bit of a wait, but we waited at the bar, where we drank margaritas and ate chips and guacamole. It is REALLY hard for me to be in anything but a good mood when I'm drinking a margarita and eating guacamole! The atmosphere was lively, upbeat, and warm. I haven't found that kind of atmosphere in many restaurants in this area and I really liked it. Our entrees were fine -- I had the chicken fajitas, which did not come out sizzling like they do in some places, but were very tasty, especially when doctored with some salsa. I got to taste the shimp "diabolo" -- it had been ordered mild, but was pretty hot in my book! The food is satisfying but definitely not, like, artisan. That said, I would be delighted to go back.
Palo Alto Sol has been here forever...or for at least as long as I can recall.  But it's popularity seems to have exploded in recent years, making it one of the busiest spots on the block during the lunch rush. Decor here is just right: Mexican folk art on the walls, hammered tin lamps and ornaments hang from the ceiling, Old-school Mexican tunes are played at low volume; The interior is appropriately cave-like. After being seated, fresh chips and salsas are delivered to your table right away. Unfortunately the chips are a bit lackluster, with some of the flavor molecules extracted by some unknown process. After a quick look at the menu, the choice was obvious on my first visit: -- Chicken Mole enchiladas:  ($11.95). Delicious, just behind La Fiesta's killer version.  Sweet, savory and a decent spice kick; Sesame seeds on top were a nice touch; I'd definitely get this again. Price is about average. 4 stars. But I don't rate on just one visit if I can help it. So I returned a few more times: -- Guajillo chicken enchiladas:  ($10.95)  Good, but a little too rich for my taste; Not spicy enough; Beans and rice were solid. 3 stars -- Adobo: ($12.95). Beef simmered in a mixture of ground chile and spices. Considering all I've heard about this Pueblan staple, it was kind of disappointing - Not nearly as flavorful as I expected and zero heat. The beef was decent quality but it didn't taste like it had been simmered in the sauce; more like is had been added later. And the sauce was very similar to standard enchilada sauce; The price was a bit high. 3 stars. Despite all my nits, I'm tempted to round up for the service here, which was friendly and excellent on every single visit. But I won't.
My bf and I love this place, and come here pretty regularly.  The food is decent Mexican food with lots of options, the service is always good, and the restaurant itself is clean & cute. I love the mole and my bf loves the steak.  I haven't had anything that was bad here! Yay for the margaritas too!
My favorite Mexican restaurant.  Although the place always seems to fill up, I have been able to get a table with any size group up to eight with no reservations. I come mostly for the mole dishes, but all the plates I tried are delicious.  The chips and 3 salsa options are a great start, but don't eat too many before your meal.  Try the mole burrito or the enchiladas al sol (one with guajillo sauce and the other with mole), the best of both worlds.
Shared the polo soup and a shrimp dish with a friend. Both were so yummy and perfect flavors. We weren't looking for spicy this particular night and what we got was comforting food with excellent flavor and perfect amount of spice and freshness. Can't wait to go back for more!
Love the food here... Hence I called to make a reservation for tonight to bring an out of town guest and was told that "we don't take reservations" to which I replied "why does your yelp page say that you do?" to which he replied "I don't know, you could try walking in but that time is when the whole restaurant is full" ... Therefore I just joined yelp specifically to share with the owner - which I hope reviews this page  - that either someone that works there is not taking reservations as they should, or please update the information provided about your establishment here b/c it is misleading. I will be back, I love the food, but that was pretty annoying.
This place is just OK in my opinion. Food is average, margaritas are really weak, and service it just weird - someone takes your orders, another brings the food, nobody comes to check up on you, yet another person brings the check. Very confusing. I prefer the other branch in Mountain View - better tasting food, strong margaritas, and the service is much more professional.
So my biggest negative about this place is the price of the food. Living in San Diego for 4 years, I've been trained not to buy pricey Mexican food because the cheaper ones are usually better. However I understand why it is pricey and that's because it goes for that classy romantic feel, and located in downtown Palo Alto. Although, if they decreased their prices from 13-15 a plate to 9-11 for dinner I would be more inclined to take friends. I've only been here once, but what I had was good. I ordered an Al Sol, which is a Mole and Guajillo enchilada. The Mole enchilda was a bit too sweet for me. I understand that is has a chocolate base, but I've had better versions at other Mexcan restaurants. however, the Guajillo enchilada was very tasty. Our table also ordered some guacamole and chips which were good, but something I could easily make at home. Overall vegetarian friendly place, as most Mexican places are. Definitely some interesting and different items on the menu that may make me come back someday, but maybe not too soon, since its a bit pricey. Recommend for people who want to take their significant others on a romantic not-cheap date.
Yummy, yummy, yummy.  I visit this place regularly.  I highly recommend it.
I have been to the Mountain View Vive Sol location many times, an I love it. This location has the same food, but the service is terrible. My advice is to go to the other one. When we arrived, they told us the wait would be 15-20 minutes, but the host kept seating people who came after us even though they had parties of the same size. After speaking to the owner , he promised he would take care of us. He gave us 2 free margaritas, but once we were seated, we got a waiter who took our order and never came back again. Food is good, but the service is really bad.
This place has gone downhill relative to where it was a few years ago, on several levels: Pricing:  prices keep edging up.  $13.95 for two tiny enchiladas surrounded by some dry rice and soupy refried beans?  Not a great deal.  For that kind of money, you can be eating some really special food at other places in Palo Alto. Service:  indifferent and absent-minded.  It took 15 minutes for them to take our order, and when things came the food was cold (even thought the plates are HOT), and one of our three orders was incorrect. The Food:  as I've hinted at above, the food is nothing special.  In fact, in the car on our way home, our conversation topic was whether the Amy's frozen burritos we get from Costco are better or the same as the stuff served here at Palo Alto Sol.  The portions of meat are really small, and the meals are totally bereft of any vegetables.  The consensus in the car was the Amy's food is better, and it has the benefits of not costing an arm and a leg, of being served warm, and actually showing up when you want it. The sauces are good, but that's about it.
Makes me so sad to give this place 2 stars. It was excellent years ago and has gone downhill. For one, what is up with the prices? Seriously, dude, didn't you guys get the memo that the economy is in the crapper and $14 for a basic plate doesn't cut it anymore? Enchiladas used to be the best but now they are over priced and even the rice and beans that come with it aren't as good as they used to be. Service used to be ok not great and now it just stinks. So overall, food is ok, service is bad, prices are too high. This place is getting recommendations and business from past laurels (this was a 4 star yelp place for me) but the reality is that it's a 2 star.
I came here with my fiance & a couple friends (their choice).   I've been to the sister restaurant, Vive Sol in Mountain View, which has a similar menu.  I ordered the same thing I did at Vive Sol, the Milanesa, and it was good but not quite as good as I remembered from there, although I was less hungry so that might have affected things.  It was huge though - two large pieces of steak, accompanied by refried beans, Spanish rice, guac & tortillas.   My fiance liked his burrito pretty well.  The chips were very mediocre.  I found the atmosphere better than at Vive Sol, since it wasn't so loud, but then again we also weren't there on a weekend night.  I also thought the service, while not overly friendly, was better than at Vive Sol. My biggest problem with this place are the prices, which are way too high - think $13 burritos & $16+ entrees.  The prices are especially out of line considering Mexican food tends to be pretty affordable, and the atmosphere is very casual.  The burritos are especially exorbitant, with so many $6 burrito options around.  Although I liked my meal pretty well, I don't think we'll be back given the fact that we can get similar food for much less elsewhere.    It also bothers me that their website has such out of date prices on their menu.  They've gone up by about 30% since their last update.
They said the wait would be 20 minutes, there but didn't say the bar was first come first serve. we asked to sit outside, there was adequate heating, we got sat right away. chips were ok, salsa I prefer mine a little more chunky. I ordered some sort of spicy shrimp dish.  It came with just enough food. BF ordered cilantro shrimp, I wouldn't order that again unless you're a die hard cilantro fan. I ordered the sangria, I've had better. overall, I would come back but it wouldn't be my first choice.
We never been there before but we won't go there - Why?? My family and I really want to go there for dinner for the first time. I called them to make reservation for us  and they hung up use because we are using relay service as we are deaf and need to use relay service  to communication with them so I consider them as the worst customer service.  They are not friendly with deaf and disabilities people....
This is probably my favorite of the restaurants in Mtn View and Palo Alto that are owned by the same family, which includes Vive Sol, La Fiesta, and La Fiesta del Mar. Nice atmosphere, has both a small bar and a small backroom for more of an intimate feel, plus a patio area in the front. I've also found it to not be quite as busy as the other restaurants mentioned above, for some reason. Also, I highly recommend the Grandma's Special, which is a heavy, rich, but delicious yellow sauce they pour onto any meat you choose. Not sure what they put in it but it's amazingly flavorful. But again, super rich - I basically waddle away from the table after plowing through this meal. Delicious.
I enjoy this place.  I really do.  It doesn't live up to my favorite place back in the Dallas area (La Hacienda), but it's still pretty good. The ambience is nice - definitely not so much families, more young adults and such.  Looks like a good place to hang out, even go on a date. There can be a wait during particularly busy times (Fri, Sat evenings).  For lunch, we went in at 11:30 and beat the lunchtime crowd. The chips taste fresh and aren't too oily and salty.  The guac was decent.  The green salsa is delicious!  I love it.  I don't care as much for the red salsa.  I always get the enchiladas guajillos.  I once got something else and didn't like as much, so I stick to what I know.  The sauce on it is very creamy and decadent, definitely a diet buster.  The prices are okay.  It's more expensive than Dallas, but it's a pretty good deal compared to other sit down restaurants in the Palo Alto area. The service can be slow at times, but they are always very friendly.  I'll definitely continue going there.
I may be a little bit of a mexican food snob having lived in san diego for many years. I've been to the "sister" restaurant Vive Sol and this one doesn't really compare. The highlights: The margaritas were good. The green salsa was pretty tasty. The enchiladas guajillos were covered in a tasty, cheesy, spicy sauce that I enjoyed. The lows: The guacamole was totally lacking in salt. The enchiladas suizas verdes were tasty but not at all spicy enough. Wouldn't really have a strong need to go back, but the margaritas might bring me back for a quick post work cocktail. Nothing special...
Nice atmosphere & good service. The candle lighting definitely gives off a romantic vibe, perfect for a date. As far as the food is concerned, not impressed. The portions are pretty small while the prices are big. The ceviche was just okay & I make better guacamole than Sol, sorry. The food was rather bland. The margaritas definitely deliver a punch, though. My date & I sipped on margaritas at the bar while waiting to get seated && my drink was the saving grace of this dining experience! I am a lightweight drinker, so typically alcohol consumption with any meal bring my perception of the food up....go figure!
Came here for lunch and ordered the chicken ensalada. Highly disappointing. A bed of iceberg lettuce with some chunks of bland chicken. Nothing else that I can recall, except maybe a few sparse tomatoes. Could have made something much tastier at home! I gave it 2 stars instead of 1 because the other people I was with seemed to like their food (burrito colorado or something like that?) I thought I remembered it being much better the previous time we ate here but I'm not sure I'd go back anytime soon.
I would rate my experience lower than one star but one star is the lowest Yelp allows.  In reading some of the other Yelp reviews about poor customer service, I was somewhat confused.  My wife and I had gone to the restaurant many times before, and although the waiters had been generally unfriendly the service had been OK. That changed last evening and I will never go back to this restaurant.  The most surprising thing to me is we got treated poorly on a night when we were the first to arrive after the restuarant had just opened.  We were the only customers in the entire restaurant. We were provided two options as to our table, either one by the window and door where it was extremely cold (in fact so cold that they were using a small electric space heater that I am sure did not meet fire code for a public restaurant) or a small table for two next to the waiter station.  Remember now we were the only two customers in the entire restaurant.  At first we selected the one by the window with the space heater.  After sitting here for a few minutes it became evident that we would need to keep our coats on to stay warm as the only thing being heated by the electric space heater was the back of my wife's legs. I asked to move to a warmer table and was again told I had to now either sit at the one table by the waiter station or now I could also sit at the bar.  Give me a break, their are no other customers in the entire restaurant.    The fact that the two of us had eaten their many times before and had sat at many of the other tables that I requested did not change the waiter's position.  He would only seat us where he wanted to seat us. We decided to leave the restaurant and eat elsewhere.  There are many restaurants in the area that recognize the importance of customer service.  Definitely got the feeling that they did not appreciate my patronage.
Good ambience.  Food is good and clean.  Would recommend buying items a la carte.  it will save you a little bit, if you don't intend to eat the beans/rice or salad on the side.
I don't usually eat Mexican since I don't usually think Mexican when I want to eat out, but we ended up coming here with 3 of our friends this past Sunday night. We got here fairly late - 8:30ish - but the entire restaurant was packed. The waiter said we would have to wait 20-25 minutes for a table (which, after the fact, didn't leave for another hour or so) and said we could wait at the bar (which was pretty open except for 2 chairs) in the meantime. As soon as we sat down, the bar-tender asked if we wanted anything to drink. Of course, being the Asians that we are, we ordered water! We then wondered if we could eat dinner at the bar & the bar-tender said "of course!"...(now that I think about it, perhaps I should dock 0.25 point from my 4 stars for inconsistency in customer service...ha ha) We started with an order of guacamole, which was super delicious, and they soon served us with baskets of chips w/ salsa - hooray for unlimited chips & salsa! It took us awhile to order since we've never been here (and we were both still pretty full from our late lunch at Nutrition Restaurant in Cupertino), but we finally decided to share a plate of Pollo Guajillo. The bar-tender took our order and again asked if we wanted any drinks...we finally caved into his peer pressure. I ordered a strawberry margarita while the guys ordered 2 shots of tequila. The bar-tender gave us 2 kinds of Anejo to try & because one of the bottles didn't have enough to make a full shot, he gave us extra of the other kind to make up for it! Our Pollo Guajillo turned out to be delicious! It almost resembled the Indian chicken curry dish...except this thing tasted all Mexican with the beans/cheese, Mexican red rice (which I LOVE), and corn & flour tortilla! I have to say that this place is more than just burrito & tacos, which is what I think makes this place special. Not to mention the food actually tastes pretty good here! The price does run a little high, but it was overall a good experience. =)
I've read a lot of reviews on here about people complaining about the bad service.  If you go to a restaurant to have someone spoon feed you and praise you like you're some kind of royalty you need to get a life. Here's a newsflash:  not all of the waitstaff there SPEAKS ENGLISH.  Maybe THAT'S why they don't start up lengthy conversations about your kids and what they learned in school that day. People need to chill out - this place has amazing food, killer margaritas, and they almost always seat you within 15 minutes of walking through the door, even on a super crowded night.  No, I've never had "amazing" customer service from a waiter - but don't EXPECT it and then you won't be disappointed.  Go there for the food.  Period. It's a Mexican restaurant for crying out loud, not the Ritz Carlton.
The best Mexican in the bay area, hands down.  Get the Del Sol margaritas - incredible.  And the... Read more 
A favorite spot, especially for happy hour.
It was pretty packed on a Saturday night, and we had to wait about 20 minutes for a table -- not bad, since we found seats at the bar and I got to sip tequila while waiting. My cousins and I were laughing when we finally got our table, though, because we were seated in the back room where every other table (including ours) was Indian people. I'm sure it was just a coincidence, but it was amusing. The food was nothing spectacular -- I had my usual, a cheese enchilada -- but it was decent, and I liked the salsa. The prices were more than reasonable.
Great place to eat. One of our favorite places to go to. Our children love going there as well.
I was pleasantly surprised to find a reasonably priced, decent Mexican place in Palo Alto. We skipped the margaritas this time, but we did order the gaucamole to start. It was a generous amount for the price and good but not amazing. For dinner, I had the Enchiladas Rancheras and my friend had the Sopa Azteca. I enjoyed the enchiladas - especially the fact that they used very fresh, good quality chicken meat. So many places don't do this, but this was definitely above par. The soup was in a huge glass bowl - a very generous amount that even for dinner she couldn't finish. I am definitely looking forward to returning here soon!
Yuuum!  Now i know why this is an office favorite!  Today i decided that i wanted to try pa.sol. well ill tell you what... i have no regrets because what i am eating right now ( im writing this during my lunch break.. and i ordered the rajas poblanas) is super savory. You get what you pay for and this just totally made my day. Theyre pretty nice there too, its really refreshing to know good traditional mexican food exists near by our office !
3.5 stars This is a charming little place. Service is very friendly and attentive. They make a very good margarita. I like that they serve 3 salsas with their chips. Good food and reasonable prices. Would return.
Let me just say I do LOVE this place. The mole enchiladas are off the hook. However, I was in with my boyfriend Friday evening and we found a quarter in our salsa. It was pretty unusual and obviously it must've just slipped out. No real biggie. We joked with the waiter about whether we would be discounted by $0.25 or not. The waiters apologized which was cool but didn't offer any free dessert or anything which kinda would've been nice. Having said this, I'll still come back here for sure. I do enjoy the food immensely.
I have been lucky enough to be a denizen of Palo Alto Sol for quite a while.  Though it suffered a drop in quality a couple years ago, I'm glad to say they bounced back and are making food as good as ever. First off, I'm not sure if you can properly leave this place with a sane head on your shoulders without trying their mole.  If no one else wants to, persuade that forever-indecisive great-aunt of yours to order the mole enchiladas (my favorite is with chicken)  so that you can sneak a bite while you distract her with the almost-gaudy sun decor inside.  As for other food options, any variation of that guajillo sauce is a stellar choice, and if you want to go big, they have the Enchiladas Al Sol, a Guajillo/Mole enchilada combo that is the ultimate nom.  The caldo de pollo is also a great option if you're feeling under the weather, and though the Tempequena is salty, it's certainly another good eat. As someone mentioned before, I wouldn't expect someone waiting on you hand and foot, but the waiters are nice and though they're usually more reserved, I've never had a serious problem with the service here. Unfortunately, dessert is a no-go, but I think that they're doing us a favor by precluding our ability to embark on something rich after that hulking bertha of a meal. The only thing I have to shed a negative light on is the price.  After they redid the menu to accommodate a more "pristine" crowd, their prices have gone up markedly.  Therefore, this is no longer a bang for your buck, but the food is so good that it's worth a visit. In the end, it's just a great neighborhood haunt that doesn't seem to be going downhill anytime soon.
This place is  THE REAL DEAL MEXICO-HOLYFIELD. The salsa and chips are DEEEEE BEST! It will bring shame to those who crave for Tex-Mex. I LOVE the margaritas (who doesn't) and the BIG-ASS bowl of Caldo de Pollo (chicken soup) which consisted of chopped onion, tomato, avocado, cilantro, rice, and tender chicken boob. The staff was friendly (they will pressure you to take a few tequila shots) and the service was efficient. My favorite restaurant on Cali Ave. HIGHLY RECOMMEND the guac, margaritas, and the Caldo de Pollo.
Came on a Saturday night and it was jam packed!  Thankfully us girls only had to wait 20 min or so. I read a lot of reviews about the bad service but we didn't experience this.  Our waiter was attentive and pleasant.  I tried the Guajillo enchiladas - pretty good.  The girls had various enchiladas and a burrito.. everyone enjoyed their food based on the clean plates and to-go order for one of the husbands. The margaritas are good too!  Palo Alto Sol is not on the top of my list by any means but I'd definitely go back.
This Mexican restaurant may be the best I've been to in the U.S.  Whenever someone craves Mexican food, this is the default choice, no doubt. While there are other options for traditional Mexican fare, Palo Alto Sol excels in its specialty offerings like Pollo Negro, or Enchiladas Al Sol.  Pollo Negro is an amazing chicken entree with a creamy wine reduction sauce accomponied by sun dried black peppers that add a smokey flavor out of this world.  The Enchiladas Al Sol is a mix of two enchiladas...one in a Guajillo sauce, and another in Mole.  But really, all of the entrees I have sampled are outstanding.  This is my top recommendation for Mexican fare in the area, and possibly the state(?).  Seriously, how many other Mexican places serve entrees in a creamy wine reduction sauce?!! I do want to highlight that this is not a place for cheap Mexican food.  This is like fine dining, so while it is not the most expensive place in the world, it is also not a destination for quick $5 burritos.  This is, however, top-notch Mexican food.  I think that some people will give Palo Alto Sol mixed reviews because they might be expecting cheap Mexican fare (which to many is a redundant statement), and then they get some sticker shock with the price.  For me, it's well worth it. Palo Alto Sol is a great place to explore Mexican food that you normally can't get anywhere else.  Just don't stick to the basics.  That's where you will be rewarded with some amazing dishes and the 5-star experience I consistently get here.  Sometimes service isn't perfect, but I've never had a problem.  The 3-salsa experience you get with the complimentary chips are also a big plus (and the salsas are 3 different flavors, not just mild, medium, and hot like you get at other places). They seem to have an amazing tequila section too, though I confess that I am not a cactus juice connoisseur. Question for all you Yelpers: I have tried several local Mexican places, Andale, Celia's, Compadres, Tacos Al Grullense, Fiesta Del Mar and more.  Has anyone found something as good as or better than Palo Alto Sol?
Come here for the enchiladas, serious.  My favorite are the chicken mole enchiladas with some extra sour cream.  Their sour cream is really sour though, FYI. It's not the biggest place so keep your party down to 4 people.
I love this place.. Why? cuz it's flippin great food.. amazing service.. reasonable pricing.. Get there early to avoid the rush though...
Palo Alto Sol is a lovely little place offering nice sit-down Mexican for, by California Ave. standards, reasonable prices.  The atmosphere is very laid-back with lots of window and slightly dimmed lighting.  The chips and salsa are excellent. I've been to this place a few times and I always get the mole poblano.  There are two reasons for my lack of adventure.  One is that the mole poblano is freakin' delicious.  It's hearty and rich with a tiny kick, and the chicken is cooked tender.  The rice is also quite good.  The second reason is that the menus are fucking impossible to read.  They're these laminated yellow monstrosities scribbled in black from top to bottom by a blind first-grader with Tourette's using his non-dominant hand.  It may have been sheer luck that the top item on the menu happened to be so darned delicious.  Still, I can't deny that I love this place.
We went to Palo Alto Sol because it got such great reviews on Yelp. I double checked that this is really the same restaurant that we ate at...not sure why people like it so much. The service was realllllly sloooooow to almost non-existent, I was totally not impressed with my enchiladas with mole sauce, the salsas that came with the chips were quite lackluster, the wine list leaves a lot to be desired...okay, maybe you don't go to a mexican restaurant for the wine, but then we tried a margarita and a glass of sangria...the margarita was not good at all - it tastes like it's made from a mix - and the sangria tasted like fruit punch. We didn't have dessert because the service was so slow. The best part of eating at Palo Alto Sol was leaving there and going to Iberia Restaurant for some of the best sangria anywhere and one of their delicious desserts. The second best part of eating there was trying to spot the geekiest person there...so many to choose from! You'll be dressed appropriately if you wear a polo shirt or sweatshirt or baseball cap with the logo of whatever high-tech company you work for, or that you worked for before it dot.bombed or that you got free at some industry trade-show. Not criticizing...I think it's kind of cute in a really dorky way.
The wife and I dined here with a visiting friend. She's a former local who relocated to the Boston area several years ago; her comment: "we don't get much good Mexican food in New England". I hadn't eaten at Palo Alto Sol for many years, so I was curious to see how it was. We got to the restaurant at 6:30 on a Friday and put our name in. We had about a 5 minute wait at the bar for a table, but shortly after we got seated, it looked like the wait grew substantially. In other words: don't show up at 7pm and expect to get seated right away. After we were seated, our order from the bar found its way to our table, as did a basket of chips and the three kinds of salsa. All of the salsas were very tasty and slightly hot; I think I liked the green one the best. The premium "del Sol" margarita was pretty good and about average strength. The place was hopping and it took quite a while to get our order taken, 10 minutes or more. We were busy catching up, so it wasn't a big deal, although this did leave me too much time to chow on the chips. Our friend wanted to order a dish she remembered from long ago, but didn't see it on the menu; we finally figured out it was now called "adobo" (not sure what the old name was, but one of the servers confirmed it was the same). My wife had the camerones al cilantro, and I had the chicken enchiladas del Sol (one each of mole and guajillo). We didn't discuss the food a whole lot, but neither of my dining companions seemed to have any issues with theirs. I loved the guajillo sauce, and the chicken in the enchiladas was pretty good, although I think it was all white meat and I prefer a blend of white and dark. I personally found the mole sauce to be a notch or two too sweet. The rice & beans were excellent; I often leave them unfinished, but not this time. My plate almost looked like it had come out of the washer when I was done! The waiter tried to take my wife's food several times; undoubtedly, they wanted to free up the table. It wasn't super annoying, though. I have fond memories of Palo Alto Sol, and it lived up to them on this recent visit. Hopefully I'll be back again this decade!
While visiting Palo Alto, I was tasked with finding a Mexican food alternative to Celia's and the local Yeeps didn't steer me wrong. This meal started our trip on a really solid note. I like the location on California Street although parking was a little bit of challenge on a Friday night. The restaurant refused to seat us until our entire large party was there, but I understand since the place was really busy and they didn't want to tie up the tables. Chips are served with three types of salsa and refilled frequently. When you are dining with kids, this was really nice and let us extend our meal and conversation. The decor is lovely, especially as night fell and they lit candles around the restaurant. Our meals were all quite good and both Mr. K and I ordered the Enchiladas al Sol, one with cheese and the other with chicken. We both really liked the mole and guajillo sauces and the side of rice and beans were also better than average. The only let down were the margaritas which I didn't feel were strong enough and were served in oversized wine glasses. Next time, I'll try a different type of margarita since the food most definitely warrants a return visit.
Definitely not a taqueria, but a place to sit down, order a hearty meal and enjoy a margarita. Luckily, the lovely lady that recommended PA Sol to us also had entree recs. And, even though I've never met her, I think I love her. We tried the Camarones Diabla: prawns in a spicy tomato-garlic-wine sauce ($16 I think). The flavor was amazing and the prawns were tender. The other recommendation was the Serrano: strips of steak (or chicken) sauteed with serrano chiles, mushrooms and tomatoes all mixed up with sour cream ($15?). It's comforting yet flavorful and just plain wonderful. Both plates were served with rice and beans and tortillas. Between the house margaritas (around $7), the small cozy restaurant and the comforting food, we were able to enjoy a wonderful meal after a long day. That's really all I can ask for from a restaurant.
I think I could have gotten a better meal somewhere else! I went right at opening for lunch time and before the busy lunch crowds arrived. They weren't ready! No utensils, menus, water, chips and salsa. The food wasn't memorable. I can't even remember what I ordered! All I do know is, it took forever to get my check to leave. I had to wave down 3 different waiters. I was left with the impression that my patronage wasn't valued!
The thing to get here is the enchiladas plate. My favorite sauces are the mole and the verde sauce. They are a good balance between each other. Enchiladas are $12 but so worth it. One time I came here with the sniffles and a sore throat. I wanted to get a soup and ordered the chicken and rice soup. This was a huge bowl of soup. Lots of vegetables and chicken.  Seems like there was some lime or lemon in the broth as well which really brought out the flavor of the broth. The waiter even told me about a traditional family recipe for colds which involved orange peel, cinnamon stick, and hot water. I actually tried it when i got home. I dont know if it helped my sickness but it tasted great and made me feel nice and warm.
One glance at the menu was all it took. No way in hell I was going to be able to decipher the cursive chicken scratch that graced the pages. WTF is this? Giving up, we simply asked the waiter what the best dish on the menu was. He responded without hesitation - Al Sol enchiladas. Sold. Excellent recommendation. The chips and accompanying salsas were also good. So was the weather. And the atmosphere. And the vibe. Dammit I need to move to the west coast.
Believe every review that talks about bad service. Every one.  Then double that number and multiply it by 1000 and you might be close to how bad it really is. And what a disappointment too, because the food is good.  Not perfect, but good, but hardly worth the service that actually qualifies as anti-service. My experience would have been better with a self-service window. We were seated quickly without a wait and given menus without a "hello". Nearly 10 minutes later we flagged someone down for our order. A few bites into the meal my table-guest spilled her beer... the waiter looked over at us as we mopped up the mess with our napkins and laughed in a jovial "wow, glad to see you are having fun" kind of way.. but never assisted. When we (wet napkins in hand) asked for new ones, they brought back paper. No replacement cloth napkins seems to be the rule. Likewise no helping with spills. It was never clear who our server was, someone entirely different brought the drinks, the food, and then the bill (which we also had to ask for). I think it's entirely possible that the only words muttered to me the whole visit were "You Ready?"... Two stars for the food... but bring your thick skin and patience for the rest.
Terrible and overpriced. Burritos were so average. Chicken soup was tasteless. Can't believe it was so highly rated by others. And way, way, way overpriced. Just ridiculous
Valentines Day, 2010 Who says Mexican food can't be romantic?  Not this girl!  Dimly lit restaurant?  Check.  Sangria?  Check.  Handsome companion?  Check.  The clinking of tequila bottles?  Check.  Oh wait, that part isn't romantic, but they did have a great selection and even had two of my favorites - Chinaco and Espolon. I've been on a Mexican kick lately, not sure what my deal is.  That said, Palo Alto Sol definitely made the ranks.   We had to wait about 20 minutes for a table, but it was worth it.  The chicken fajitas were very good and might even rank as one of my favorites in the area. For being such a busy night, the service was good.  I found that the handwritten menu's were a little hard to read with maybe a touch too much content on a single page, but no big.  Maybe if I'd wear my glasses like I'm supposed to it wouldn't be such a big deal. I don't find myself on California Avenue very often, but I can totally see myself coming back here.
Oh Palo Alto Sol....you are so good to me!! Love this place!! The staff here knows what's up. Speedy service, friendly attitudes and the food well the food speaks for itself. Make sure you have a Margarita - they are the BEST!! Chile Rellano and Enchiladas are my fav so far. I love the fish hanging from the ceiling and the warm colors throughout the restaurant. My favorite place to sit is close to the front door so I can watch the foot traffic outside. It's just a warm, friendly and wonderful Mexican restaurant!!
The food and service kinda feels like Chevy's, but not. I came here on Cinco De Mayo with a buddy and thought this place was just decent.  Nothing to really brag about, but just quality Mexican food.  The place is fairly small and the menu is hard to read.  One thing I especially liked was they give you 3 different kinds of salsa with your chips (mild, red hot, and green hot). My friend ordered the Chicken Tortilla soup which looked REALLY good and I had a chicken enchilada and a chicken quesadilla, which was just okay.  The menu was a little pricier than what I was used to for this grade of food (the combo was $11.95 I think).  Perhaps I have been spoiled with Mexican food from SF's mission district, but truly nothing here really stood out for me.
Way too expensive, not very good and a total let down.  Not to bash the other Yelpers who claim this as their local Mexican joint, but my group was very disappointed in this place.  Went to lunch with a group of 5 coworkers and not one person wanted to come back.  The service was fine, but the menu's a bit difficult to read and it was WAY overpriced for a Mexican food lunch (and no lunch specials!).  The food was kinda bland, too. Perhaps some of the other Yelpers were right about the better deal for dinner, but I won't be coming back to find out.
WORST SERVICE IN TOWN Yes, the food here is good but not good enough to make up for the HORRIBLE service.  The staff is nasty and rude to the point of hostility, and they don't seem to care one bit if they lose customers.  We have been here a number of times in the past because of the food, but after our last experience, we will not be back.  No food is worth being treated so shabbily. For example, on our last visit, we arrived at 11:00 am just as they were opening, and the restaurant was completely empty.  My partner dropped me at the door and drove around the corner to park.  When I asked for a table for two, the guy told me  (in a surly, nasty voice) that I would have to sit at the bar until the other person arrived, even though I told him that my companion was just parking.  And this was at an empty restaurant!! If you like the food here, try VIVE SOL on El Camino in Mt. View instead -- that's where we'll be going from now on.  It's owned by a nicer branch of the same family and has a very similar menu, excellent food, the same great salsas, and MUCH MUCH better service than Palo Alto Sol.
This place is hands down the best-est Mexicano restaurant in Palo Alto, and I'm not just saying that because all the waiters have a crush on my hubbo. (Todd is a gay man magnet. I can't say I blame them!! I am soooooo getting in trouble for telling that...) They make the dishes authentic to a certain region of mexico. It is not your typical run of the mill burrito and taco joint that also does a carne asada. No No No! They have a double sided menu, the first side is about 20 original dishes. They are known for their guajillo sauce which is this sour cream spicy sauce which I pretty much douse in everything. The Pollo Negro is also fantastic, and they have some shrimp and fish dishes as well. Hands down though, when I am feeling fit and thin, I order the chicken serrano. With the Del Sol (house) margarita, that is a good Friday night dinner! The wait staff is very quick-your food comes out and you wonder how they cooked it that fast. Their salsas are home-made and you get a choice of three when you sit down. Margaritas are great....all their glasses are different which gives a certain bohemian feel to the place and so are the chips, but I think the chips would be better if they had them under a heat lamp. Another cool thing is that they have some outdoor seating, which is great if you want to bring your dog, or just enjoy people watching on California Avenue. We have brought our dog before and they always bring him some water in a dish. Not many places in Palo Alto can claim to be a dog friendly restaurant. Warning, eating here more than once a week could be rough on your swimsuit figure so consider yourself warned. I always need to take a walk afterwards. It is not greasy, just a lot of food, and some of it is pretty rich. But it is made with amor.
Living in the Bay Area puts us in a unique position regarding reviewing Mexican food. A little like living in Jamaica and reviewing sunshine - it's just simply everywhere, and it's wonderful. But I went to Palo Alto Sol earlier this week and was reminded what a great place it is (I hadn't been there in a couple years). I suppose the main thing that makes Palo Alto Sol stand out is the sauces. It begins when you sit down and they bring you chips and *three* different kinds of delicious salsa. And I always order the same thing - "Enchiladas al Sol", which is two enchiladas, one covered in a silky guajillo sauce, and one covered in an amazing mole sauce. Mole is a bit of an acquired taste, but I've acquired it. No, actually, I crave it. And speaking of "sauce", the margaritas here are pretty darn good, too. So, if you are in the mood for good Mexican food, and feel like getting sauced, Palo Alto Sol is the place for you.
Last weekend I attended a birthday dinner party at Palo Alto Sol. Although the birthday boy had been getting sloppy drunk on margaritas here for many years AND although I had worked only 5 blocks away for years before that, I had never been to this place. Its plain exterior attracts no attention on busy California Avenue. Inside the place was packed, which on a Sunday night seemed pretty promising. The Del Sol margaritas (I had two) were delicious and the chili verde enchiladas I ordered were tasty-- although in a perfect world there would have been more beans and rice on my plate. (I love me some beans and rice.) Vegetarians, take note: the refried beans contain no lard. The service wasn't particularly attentive-- our margarita glasses and chip bowls sat empty for half of our meal-- but it wasn't bad either. Maybe smaller groups have a little more luck in this regard. Although I probably wouldn't make a special trip to Palo Alto just eat here, if I'm in the neighborhood I would certainly stop by for a margarita at the bar.
Sigh. Many of the reviews here confirm why I can't get any decent Mexican food in this area...people are totally satisfied with slop. I confess, I am a spoiled ex-Tucsonian. Living 45 minutes from the border was like sweet heaven for my palate, and I learned the culinary joys of nearly every region of Mexico. Now, it is the rarest of occasions that I find anything that meets my standards. Ugh, just saying that makes me feel like a pampered trust fund kid who summers in the south of France. "Reeeeallllly, dahling, American food is just in-ED-ible when you've been living off Provencal cuisine, siiiigh. Who lives without truffles?" Anyway, I am forced to dine here all too frequently thanks to its convenient location and others' sad claims that this is "the best!" Mexican food in the area. No, it's not. Despite a compelling menu, the food is just plain mediocre. Not bad, not good: blaaaaand. They use the cheap trick of putting sour cream in just about every dish to make it taste better (Palo Alto gringos must looooove sour cream!), but I am not fooled. Good Mexican food isn't made by hiding under various fats (cheese, sour cream, manteca)--it's made by careful preparation and cooking of fresh ingredients and potent, complementary seasoning. (Fat just makes it MORE delicious.) The meats are the giveaway--most of them are flavorless. I have yet to have a dish here that I can really taste cilantro or cumin or chiles breaking through the heavy sauces. I would give this place another star for their decent margaritas, but they don't get it because at the prices they charge, they should taste like liquid gold. This is the ultimate insult when it comes to Mexican food for me, because I am conditioned to believe that the cheapest food is often the best. So, when some of the most boring food comes at ridiculous prices ($15/entree & up), the Dude cannot abide. Adopt my strategy: if you have to go to a group dinner here, nosh on the passable chips and salsa and get trashed on margaritas. That way you'll either be too full/drunk to want to eat, or your palate will be sufficiently dulled so that you won't notice how uneventful the food is. Better yet, save your money. Go to Safeway, pick up a bottle of tequila and a pint of sour cream, and chug both.
Is it too much to ask for handmade tortillas? Sadness...can't a girl just get a break? Everything would taste more yummy that way but I understand that they can be a big pain in the ass to make...a girl can dream. We had the rajas poblanas and bistec ranchero. I wasn't really expecting the rajas dish to be so spicy but it was still so good and creamy!! The bistec was also very good. The presentation of it left much to be desired but the taste was right on. I LOVE the 3 salsas you get with the chips as soon as you sit down!! OH so good!!! Very authentic! The menu is a bit hard to read, especially in dim light so you should probably check it out online before going. Not sure why they think their font is easy to read. Their margaritas looked good...I had to practice self control as the DD so I just had water. But next time... Ok so why the 3 stars? Well I guess I can't really ding a place for not having handmade tortillas but only ONE dessert! Really?! I was super shocked! The flan was decent but it was the only option. I thought that was a bit odd. Anyway, if you are in Palo Alto and looking for some decent Mexican food then you should stop by. Enjoy the salsa!
It's no surprise Palo Alto Sol was awarded "Best of Palo Alto"! This place wins my close 3rd Place ribbon to Vive Sol (Mountain View) for its awesome food and great value.  Palo Alto Sol is more authentic then the average Mexican joint.  My favorites include almost any seafood dish as well as the enchilladas.  Wash this down with a top-shelf margarita or dark Negra Modelo and you will be one happy camper!
Last Friday I ate Mexican for lunch at Milagro's in Redwood City.  It was tasty, and I thought I'd had my fill of Mexican.  But my friend I think must have had a hankering for cuisine from our neighbors down south, so we ended up at Palo Alto Sol and I had my second nice Mexican plate of the day for dinner. I've been going to Palo Alto Sol for a few years now.  I've always enjoyed their plates.  I've never tried a burrito or a taco here - maybe I figured I can always get those at a taqueria, probably for less money.  So if I make it to Palo Alto sol I usually indulge in a piece of fish smothered in a velvety sauce with a pile of piping hot tortillas, or I get my standby, the Milanesa - a pounded thin steak breaded and seasoned to perfection and pan fried with a glob of avocado stuff with the usual rice and bean sides.  Damn, that's good. My only complaint (an admittedly minor one) is that I don't think their chips are as good as some other places.  Sorry, I have to say I love the chips at Chevy's, so light and crisp, and I'm sure someone hates me for saying this but I also like the chips at Chipotle better.  Argh.  But still, those are just free fillers and the real stars at Palo Alto Sol are the dishes, and they are what sets them apart from places like those even if the chips aren't as addictive.
I'd like to give the bar 4 stars, and the restaurant two stars...the food is fine, but nothing special.  Margaritas are excellent, and their selection of tequilas quite good.  We keep going back for the margaritas, which are excellent.  And after a few drinks, the food seems better. But if you go, make sure to pay the bar bill BEFORE you go to dinner.  When we were with a group, we had major screw ups on our bill, and on getting the change for our cash payment.  When we pointed out the error  they still could not straighten out the bill.
I try to make it here at least once every time I'm in Palo Alto - which is often (this was written before I lived here; now I am in Palo Alto basically always). Yeah, it's a bit on the spendy side (I'm from San Diego, where you can get a decent taco for a song), but I think there are drugs in the mole sauce - it's that addictively delicious. I tried their signature enchilada combo and it was okay, but there just wasn't enough mole sauce for me so the next time I went back I swiched back to ordering two straight mole enchiladas. My only complaint (other than expense) is that I know there's got to be other great food here that I haven't tried because the second I walk in I know exactly what I want. It is a problem. So what I'm saying is, try them.
My wife and I tried Palo Alto Sol for the first time tonight and our reviews were somewhat mixed.  Upon entering, we found the atmosphere to be warm and bustling with a line that extended all the way out the door and remained that way the entire time we were there (from around 6:30p to 8p on a Saturday evening). I had a chicken enchilada with Guajillo sauce along with a steak taco and my wife had the Chipotle chicken enchilada coupled with a chicken taco.  The food was admittedly excellent.  The enchiladas are a specialty for a reason and both of the sauces were absolutely delicious.  I wasn't all that impressed with the tacos, but my wife thought they were outstanding.  We especially liked the three different salsas that came with the tortilla chips - a very nice touch in addition to being very tasty. With that said, the service seemed to be hit-or-miss.  The two tables on either side of us constantly had attentive waiters stopping by and frequently and asking how they were doing, whereas we actually had to flag someone down to finally take our order and get us chips and salsa after 10 minutes of sitting down and being virtually ignored (I swear we showered!).  Not sure if we just got a bad table location or if the coordination amongst the wait staff was poor, but we were fairly frustrated and felt neglected. Once the food came, however, our annoyance melted away quickly amidst bites of delicious Mexican cuisine.  I'd still recommend Palo Alto Sol highly.  The food was great, the atmosphere was cozy and boisterous, and we'll give them the benefit of the doubt and assume we were simply unlucky this time around on the service.  As such, I rounded my rating up from 3.5 stars to 4.
It's a charming atmosphere and a nicer, cozier feel for a Mexican place in PA than say Celia's or Compadres.  Their menu is nearly illegible, but if you really focus you'll see: - Basically everything they serve is offered with Guajillo or Mole sauce. - They have tons of fish and seafood. Oddly our server didn't recommend any of the tons of seafood offerings.  But he did affirm the popularity of the guajillo and mole sauces.  So we hit those two up, via the enchiladas al sol, which gives you one enchilada with each sauce.  Indeed, the mole sauce has a hint of dark chocolate in there!  But the guajillo sauce was somehow richer.  Combining them sort of worked... got the richness and the unique flavor, but then seemed to lose something too. Service was hit and mostly miss.  Our water glasses sat empty for at least half the meal as other non-water drinks were brought to other tables.  It seemed like maybe they had a shift change and we lost our waiter for an hour?  Survivable though. The winner of the evening was a big bowl of the Sopa Azteca which is their version of tortilla soup.  YUM.  This included plenty of cheese and avocado and a bit of spice and it was moderately perfect.    Would come back just for this.  And maybe to risk the fish or seafood?
1 star to start. Food (0.5 stars): The chile colorado was pretty good here, nice and saucy with a rich flavor and tender meat.  Was not a big fan of the tortilla soup as it became a big mush.  The chips were bit a stale but the salsa wasn't bad. Service (0.5 stars): The servers seemed a bit more hands-off here as we hardly saw them throughout the course of the meal, save for ordering and receivingour food.  They did not make any mistakes and did everything that was needed of them. Value (0.5 stars): Prices are fairly average here and can go a little high for the more intricate entrees.  They're always willing to bring out more chips and salsa and the entees are relatively filling. Experience (0.5 stars): The restaurant is rather dark and makes it even harder to read the overly-textual menu.  The ambiance is rather nice inside and definitely feels more high-class than your other Mexican restaurants.  I've had some decent experiences here as long as I go for the tried and true dishes. Overall: 1.0 - Baseline 0.5 - Food 0.5 - Service 0.5 - Value 0.5 - Experience ============= 3 stars
Real good stuff.  Probably the best Mexican that I've had since moving to the area, and our friends sure liked the Chocolate sauce.  They gave three great salsas with the chips to munch on.  We had the Pollo Negro, which was delicious.  Even the rice and beans were good, and those freebie side dishes are usually never good at other mexican places! Will be back! I subtracted a star because the service could be a bit better, but they are pretty busy.
After my feet were frozen from playing volleyball in cold sand I was craving soup, so Palo Alto Sol is where I went. The Sopa Azteca is money!  The bowl is large enough to make a cake in and if you ask they will bring small bowls so you can share.  But if you are hungry don't feel one bit bad about eating the whole thing.  Yum, I want some now. The Caldo de Pollo is also very good. Just seems like the Sopa Azteca minus the crispy corn tortilla and the tomato flavored broth.
I tend to be quite picky with Mexican food because 1) My moms food is amazing and 2) I have had some... Read more 
Love this place!  It is, by far, one of the best Mexican restaurants I have ever been to.  The place is kind of small - maybe about 15-20 tables total - so if you are going for lunch, I would recommend being there by 11:45 since it is always full here. When you sit down, you are served with chips and salsa.  The chips are fresh and crispy and the salsas here are out of this world.  3 salsas, each differing in level of heat and spices but all so so good!  Always have to be careful not to eat too much of the chips and save room for the real meal.  The guajillo sauce is exquisite and good whether served on top of enchiladas or a burrito.  Another recommendation is the enchiladas rancheras - with green and red sauce (one of my friend's favorites) - and the shrimp or crab enchiladas, which are normally one of the specials.  So flavorful, simple, and delicious!  yummmm!!! And the service here is great!  Friendly, helpful, and speedy service.  They even gave me a free tequila shot on my birthday!
God almighty. No place makes me as paranoid as Palo Alto Sol -- and that includes the entire state of Arizona. See, the beans here are good.  Really good. So good, in fact, that I don't believe it. So I suspect that said beans must have nasty chunks of processed pig fat floating around  in them somewhere. I'm from Phoenix, I know about Mexican food, and so I suspect that Palo Alto Sol cooks with lard. And I don't care how good the beans are, I'm sure as shit not eating lard. So everytime I went to Palo Alto Sol, I asked them if the beans are made with lard, and they said no. Only now the waiters there recognize me, so I can't ask in person anymore. Instead, I need to call over the phone and adopt  funny accents to reassure myself that the beans might be pig fat free after all. And I know what you're thinking. You're thinking, what if they're lying, right? What if this is all some kind of trick to get me to eat lard against my will?! Yeah, I thought so too. So I've even tried asking about synonyms of lard -- pig fat, animal grease, etc. -- but they continue to insist that the beans are vegetarian. Either these guys have mastered evasive techniques to a supernatural degree, or there really is no lard in the refried beans. I still don't know, because those beans are freakishly fucking good.
Heavy, casual mexican spot. Huge portions: better value for dinner than lunch- unless you like heavy post-lunch comas. We used to come here weekly for lunch, but not so much now, and never again for me at least. First time you visit, you'll have one heck of a time reading the menu. Its in a large, cursive-type font. Takes a few times to adjust to it The place is decent sized, but set up better for smaller groups (2, 4, or 6). Once you sit down, they'll give you fresh chips with 3 types of salsas. The chips are delicious and can fill you quite up. You can't go wrong with tacos or enchiladas (go for rancheras if enchiladas). The serrano with chicken is good (has mushrooms). My fav dish there is the chicken something (? the one with goat cheese and sun-dried chipotle peppers). Don't be fooled! Catfish tacos may sound light, but really it isn't. It has this heavy, heavy cream salsa on it. Full bar. Mexican coke. Mexican drinks. But no horchata. Service is good. Cleanliness, not so much. Many-a-times the silverware still had bits of food on it. And the chips basket had dried salsa stuck on the side. Its good, pricey, heavy, and large portions. huge amounts of rice and refried beans with cheese doesn't help either. 4 * for the food and service, -1 * for the uncleanliness. 3* overall
Decent Mexican food but definitely not a favorite.  The chips were pretty good, and I liked how you get 3 salsas instead of one.  But, they all tasted the same.  They had the same spiciness and flavor, so it was unnecessary to have 3 "different" ones. I ordered the carne asada fajitas which weren't bad.  The flour tortillas were fresh, and the beef was tasty.  I didn't like how the veggies were super oily, though.  And, even though the dish came with beans and rice, there wasn't any sour cream or guacamole.  That was a bummer. Also, they should probably invest in some better menus.  I have a hard time reading cursive handwriting, and the menu was definitely hard to read.  Especially, with the dim lighting, I could barely see what each option was.
Okay, so I dont know what everyone is talking about the service. The host to the waitress to the buslady were all very attentive, very polite and just overall very pleasant.  Maybe the service was bad before, but it was ever was, it's much better now because I really enjoyed every employee that I encountered. As for the food, it was some of the better Mexican food that I've had in California. I'm from Texas, so no Mexican food out here will ever compare to the tex-mex there, but this was nice.  We had fajitas and the enchiladas and I had a margarita. Margaritas were STRONG. Overall, it was good. I commend them on improving the service if it really was as bad as everyone says. I would probably come back.
Do you love delicious, giant burritos that have an amazing guajillo sauce coating the outside? Do you want your margarita's the size of a bird bath?? If you answered yes to either of these questions then you must visit Palo Alto Sol on California Ave. It is a small place that is narrow and dimly lit and it gets busy fast. When you sit down they bring you chips and three salsas varying in heat. They are all awesome and the chips are always fresh and warm. The service is always great whoever you get, but my favorite guy is Galdino. Always there to fill my glass before its totally empty and always checks on us at the exact right moment, like when another margarita is needed. Get here early or you will be waiting!!
I love Palo Alto Sol so much that I have been going there about once a week for 2 years. No joke: this is the only restaurant that my coworkers and I go to on a scheduled, regular basis. I missed it more than my coworkers when I was out on maternity leave. ;) My favorite dishes are Enchiladas al Sol -- the mole is AMAZING AMAZING AMAZING and the guajillo sauce is also delicious. I like that they will let me sub the rice/beans with salad, because that's my other favorite thing to get here -- the vegetarian or chicken salads. Also, their salsa verde is frickin' nomable and I have to stop myself from filling up on chips/salsa every time we go there. The waitstaff is really personable and responsive. I can't say how much of that is related to the fact that we've been going there for so long or what, but I really love that they remember what we order and talk to me about my (relatively) newborn daughter.
Good grief! Good Mexican Food! Yay! Or, as Special Ed would say: Yay! Yay! Yaaaay! I love the ambiance of this place, just right for a cool little dining experience. Soft lights, strong margaritas, thin crispy chips, good salsas, and fantastic service. Order any enchilada. You will be happy. Order the fish tacos. You will be happy. Leave a big tip. They will be happy.
Dependably my favorite Mexican place, aside from my boyfriend's kitchen. I recommend the enchiladas al sol (1 enchilada de mole and 1 enchilada guajillo) or one of their soups. The servings are always generous, so I never leave feeling hungry. I give them props for the biggest, freshest bowls of chicken and tortilla soups that I have ever seen. Good food, lovely decor. Relatively small in comparison to some other Mexican restaurants in the area, but definitely worth any wait.
Decent place for lunch - if you come at 11:30 am, you have your choice of seating inside or out, your food comes out quickly, and the staff is fairly available (even if they're not super friendly). The restaurant is a family/business oriented place, where it's obviously not a hole in the wall, but the tables are still sticky, and the decor is not well lit and has a bar in the corner. The staff is very to the point. I asked someone if they had huevos rancheros (hey, you never know, I've been to plenty of Mexican restaurants where they WILL make it for me even if it's not on the menu).  I received a very terse 'we don't serve breakfast.' Well, okay, thanks for the information. I was just curious. I ordered a beef ensalata instead - the meat was tender and easily shredded, which was great. The lettuce and tomato were crisp and fresh. And yes, the three types of salsa with the chips are also great! The food prices are a bit on the high side though, I don't know if I'm as satisfied here as I am at cheaper, greasier hole in the walls. I might try giving Vive Sol, the sister restaurant, a shot sometime. I've been meaning to go there for a while.
Pretty damn good - and that's coming from someone who grew up in So Cal where the Mexican food is unparalleled (as far as the US goes). I actually went down to PA to visit my then fiance who was doing a rotation at Stanford.  After some not so good Sprinkles cupcakes, we went to PAS for dinner. Starting the night off with chips, salsa and margaritas - we were both looking forward to a fabulous meal.  I got the Chile Relleno...it was perfect, really.  My husband got the mole cheese enchiladas - I'm just not a mole fan, but it was good still. We ate so much, I had to pop the button on my jeans...sigh...happiness. =)
I find myself stopping into PA sol about once every couple weeks.  I can't get enough of this place.  It makes a serious run for the best mexican restaurant in Palo Alto.  Their delicious, moderately priced food is complimented by a well-stocked tequila bar.  Dim lighting gives a comfortable, intimate atmosphere, and complimentary chips and salsa start the meal off right.  The dark lighting makes the hand written menu kind of hard to read, but if you're looking for a good mix of flavors try the al sol combo with a del sol margarita. The downside to this place is that the service can be hit or miss.  I've read a lot of reviews panning the restaurant for how slow they were. I've waited almost a half hour for our drinks to arrive on one or two occasions, but had my food on the table within ten minutes on several others.  But more often than not, the ever-friendly service is pretty speedy.  If you've only gone once, and had a bad time, give it another shot.  It can be like night and day. The place is fairly small, so large parties might have difficulty being seated.  There are also about 4 or 5 outside tables, perfect for warm weather.
I was a little disappointed in this place.  After reading the other reivews I thought it would better.   Maybe I didn't order the right thing but regardless, I wasn't thrilled.  Here is a bullet point summary of my experience... - Pollo Negro = Tasted like chicken stroganoff - Tortillas = Were not soft.  They were crispy like they were baked in the oven before being served. - Chips and salsa = Not bad.  I like the assortment of salsas that are brought with the chips. - Reading the menu = It's all in cursive and the menu items are crammed together making it very difficult to read.  I felt like I needed an eye exam after reading it.
I've been coming here on and off for about ten years and have brought a number of other people and gotten their opinions.  One thing to remember - Mexican food differs widely according to the specific region it represents.  Mary R. is comparing the food here to what she remembers from Tucson, in my experience, the cuisine of the areas bordering the State of Chihuahua (i.e. TX, NM and AZ) is vastly different than that offered in California - it's sort of analogous going to a restaurant in  New England and being disappointed at the lack of  Chicken Fried steak and Catfish with hushpuppies!  This cuisine is based on the cuisine of the Puebla area, and a friend of mine who hails from Puebla (and whos mother owned a restaurant there) attests to the authenticity of the food. Anyway - This place is really good - especially if you stick to the specialties.  The Guajillo and Mole (Mole Poblano, Pollo Guajlilo or enchiladas) are particularly noteworthy.  My favorite is the Mole - the sauce is rich, slightly sweet, slightly peppery and complex.  I've never had its equal anywhere in the US.  In my experience the service has never been less than excellent, and it's easy to get in and out within an hour or so even during the lunch hour.
This is my go to Mexican place in Palo Alto.  The enchiladas verde are my favorite. It's small, but lively, since it's almost always packed. It's not fine food, but if you're looking for simple and tasty, this place doesn't disappoint.
I came here on a Saturday night around 8:30 pm, and this place was really packed.  As soon as I walked in, the host informed my party that the wait is going to be 15 minutes.  It actually only took 5-10 minutes to get seated. As soon as my party got seated, the waiter served us a basket of chips with 3 different salsas!  I thought the chips were good.  For dinner, I decided to order the Chicken Burrito.  I was expecting a burrito filled with chicken, rice, beans, and peppers.  I was surprised that the burrito was only filled with chicken.  The burritto was still really delicious.  I ordered the burrito with a red sauce on top. The chicken was really tender, and it tasted great with the red sauce. Since there was red sauce and melted cheese on top of the burrito, it kind of tasted like an enchilada to me. =) This restaurant is definitely a romantic place.  There are candles lit everywhere and the lights are really dim.  The menu is written in cursive.  Since the restaurant lighting is not that bright, I had some difficulty reading the menu...lol. This is definitely the place to go for great Mexican food!  The service here is great and the food is delicious.  However, it is definitely a pricey Mexican place.
Walked in on a crowded Saturday night but there were a few tables open that I saw. The host asked that instead of standing in the waiting area near the door that we wait at the bar. Hmmm. I thought that was weird and also kind of rude and also a sneaky way of getting people to buy drinks. We ended up having to wait like 20 minutes. Kind of your standard Mexican fare, I ended up with a combo of a chicken enchilada and beef taco. The food came out quickly (a little too quickly actually, did they just reheat old stuff?) and it was ok, honestly just nothing all that outstanding. I've only been here once so maybe it was an off night...
One of my favorite Mexican restaurants in Palo Alto. Margaritas are tasty and quite big. Enchiladas are their best dish. Had the fajitas a time or two and they weren't quite as good. Chips are good. Salsa is awesome. Service is good and fast. Prices are reasonable and it's consistently good. I would definitely recommend.
The food here is great.  I can't get over the mole burrito - truly a unique taste experience.  And the guacamole is superior. The reason it doesn't get that fifth star is that there is basically one vegetarian entree option.  If you are a carnivore, there are more choices.
Delicious! The food and service here is great!  The ambience is a little more intimate compared to its Mountainview counterpart, Vive Sol.   Perhaps, Vive Sol for dinner with the girls  and Palo Alto Sol for a dinner date ;)  Margaritas are delish and they had a good selection of imported and domestic beers. Will definitely come back :)
Charming in comparison to other Mexican restaurants that I've been to. Their waiters wear ties- a first. Their tables are gorgeous with their antique finish, brass detailing, and anchor brandishing. I love a good table. The food was SOOGOOOD! No complains at all. We all shared each others plate practically. Enchiladas, qusadillas, to tacos. Not a fan of their chips though. Whatever. Margaritas were awesome. Just the perfect lime flavor, not syrupy or overly done with the alcohol. My only complaints are the prices are a tad high, the service felt a little slow, but we didn't wait long for the food. The menu is a little hard to read, especially with such dim lighting.
The best Mexican restaurant 'in Palo Alto'. I emphasize "in Palo Alto". The ONLY place on California avenue in which you will get full for under $20. Their chips & salsa is excellent! That is one of the things I gauge a Mexican restaurant by. Their burritos are a bit expensive like everything else on the menu but consider the location. I like their carne asada burrito with refried beans and jalapeno peppers. Their service is good and the restaurant is very clean. I am so glad I don't work down in Palo Alto anymore. It is such a stratified, snobbish,  contrived environment. California avenue and University avenue is a collection of the most over-priced restaurants. I can't give anything down there a 5 star review. Palo Alto Sol is the best of a bad lot.
Used to love palo alto sol, but had a terrible experience few weeks ago. They demanded that our group only sit on one side of a table then gave a group behind us a larger nicer table even after we complained. Apparently there is no manager working and if there is he/she could care leas about customers. After spending so much money and time with them over the years it's sad to say they have fallen into the typical palo alto "we dont need customers" attitude. Pretty sad that popular places like this start acting way too "elite" and then a few months or years later they disappear (see what happened to numerous former starts in PA, SF etc).
I've been here twice, so why is it that I have to wave down staff like I'm calling a taxi on broadway in NYC?  It seriously took 10 minutes for us to get a basket of complimentary chips and salsa, and the wait to eat here has typically been 30 minutes. What's more, the prices are a bit high, considering the food was solid, though not spectacular to compensate for the inattentive service and generally indifferent attitude I have for this place.  If Palo Alto Sol has done anything right, it's that it's made me miss Compadres on El Camino Real. Funny how I wrote so much without even commenting on the food.  Palo Alto Sol is a Palo Alto Sux in my book.  Sorry.
Stopped by again, seems its a quarterly visit these days... or at least my updates are. Everything was fine, had the enchiladas sol.  If anything the mole tasted a bit different, a bit sweeter or maybe it was just my taste buds.  Service was fast, taking our orders within minutes of getting there and bringing water and chips and salsa immediately.  The place was pretty busy inside and out and the food still came out pretty fast.  Overall we were in and out in 30min, not bad for a weekday lunch!
I've been back a few times since my original review but not quite as often.  The food is the same,... Read more 
It's alright.   I go here a lot, unfortunately, because I work in Palo Alto and University Ave is always too damn busy. Find something you like and stick with it.  I always ordered the chicken burrito, which was pretty good, but I swear one time they put some sort of mystery meat in it that wasn't chicken.  I don't eat red meat or pork, so I was a little suspicious when I tried it.  The thing is, the place is really dark so you can't really tell, plus my mind was all in a bewildering jumble because I already had a margarita.  But dude, that wasn't chicken.  I wasn't very happy, especially because I was hungry but refused to eat it nonetheless. The next time I went (yes, I went again... and again, and again... my boyfriend really likes it), I had the chicken tacos, which sucked, so don't ever get that.  I then decided to go for it and try the chicken burrito again, and it was chicken!  So I was happy. Anyway, it's alright.  There's better Mexican food restaurants, but probably not in Palo Alto.  The ambiance is pretty cool -- it's a nice place to take a date.
HORRIBLE!!!!! IF you want service - DONT BOTHER! Heres what happened - we arrived at the restaurant at 8.20pm, ordered our drinks and food and got them at 8.40 pm. We asked for more tortillas at 8.50pm, and were informed "the kitchen is closed - sorry!" (they close We called for the manager, who was no better, and rather than being apologetic, he commanded " you guys came in late". Wow!! Now, I havent been to any restaurant that does not come & chk for your last order before kitchen close. And its not like their food is out of this world, its just OK - then whats the attitude all about??!!
This is so far my favorite mexican place in the bay area.  I have tried a few  local places, home owned places and chains but this place stands out and is quite unique from the rest.  the flavor of the sauces and the salsas is what makes this place great.  The service is quick, responsive and courteous.  The flavor of course is authentic or at least unique and tasty. A definite must try and something that i will repeat if i crave for mexican food again. Not a 5 star only because it is slightly on the pricey side and their menu doesnt have as many combination options as the other rmexican places do.
By far the best and most varies enchiladas I have ever had. If you want great Mole sauce or green sauce or "to-die-for" red sauce this is the place to go. There is a small place in the Polanco district of Mexico city that is probably better, Izote Restaurant. (But the servers in PA are not nearly so pretentious as in the Distro Federal.) I will always suggest Palo Alto Sol for Mexican food and especially Enchiladas when i have guests.
Dang but are their enchiladas good. I always finish my plate here. And I always try not to finish my plate. Nice people. Really good tequila selection. Make sure to ask for hand squeezed for your margarita. oh. damn. now i want enchiladas. argh!
As my sister said - if the burrito were cheaper it would be the best burrito ever!  As it is, the burrito campesino is so friggin' good and PAS knows it.  But don't let that stop you from trying this and other good choices on the menu.  Out of all the restaurants in Palo Alto, this was the only one I went to at least once a week. Also, I rate this as one of the best burritos places overall.  Right up there with Gordo's.  And right now I am getting hungry just thinking about it!
This is our 'standard brainless Mexican.'  We go here all the time simply because it's good.  My fiance loves it more than I do, but it's still very good.  We're getting to the point where the owner seems to be recognizing us. Did someone say the margaritas need to be bigger?  Seriously, 2 shots of tequila in a goblet of freshly squeezed lime and mix isn't enough?  Anyway, the food is good but not terrific in my opinion...I've gotten a lot of the seafood dishes there, and happy to consume them but something doesn't blow me away.  I actually love the nachos there...I know, nachos is so lame.  But they do a great twist on it...They bake the chips with the cheese on a thin layer, then put on the cold ingredients sparingly.  Yum. Head to the Nut House across the street to cap off the night in a dive sports bar with cheap beers.  Good easy brainless night!
By far the best Mexican food I have ever had. It is family owned and I have grown up eating their food.  It is more of a fine dining restaurant which is not typical for this style of food.  The lights are very dim and the decor is fantastic with star lamps hanging from the roof! They are very good at refilling the chips before you have to ask, always a plus in my book.  They provide three types of salsa and I am not sure what is in each of them but they are very different.  The chips are always fresh and hot which is more than I can say for many restaurants.  I always get enchiladas al sol (chicken) which I believe includes one with a spicy orange sauce and sliced almonds and one with mole sauce (my favorite).  Most dishes come with rice and beans. For how small of a girl I am, I can eat a lot.  I always fill up on chips before my meal comes out and the last time my family came here for my Moms birthday I ate so much that I woke up an hour after we got home and puked because my stomach was that full.  Kind of gross, but it just goes to show it is THAT good.  When I told my mom I thought I was food poisoned after spending 20 minutes purging all that delicious food I ate, she reminded me that my sister and my dad ate the same thing, I was surprisingly happy that I had over ate and it wasn't the food.   Needless to say, I will be back but this time around I won't eat 10 baskets of chips! If you have room for dessert, the flan is great!
Some of our friends and family think we're nuts for driving 30 miles once, sometimes twice a week to eat at Palo Alto Sol.  However, when your hometown has several run-of-the-mill taquerias,  and chain restaurants like La Pinata to showcase Mexican food -- we'd rather go where the food is authentic and well prepared.  Even those we bring with us to Palo Alto Sol want to go back again, but only if we drive the long distance! Our favorites include chicken enchilada with guajillo sauce, catfish filet, enchilada with diabla sauce, and carne asada.  Don't forget to order the flan -- worth the stuffed feeling you'll get at the end of the meal.  The margarita del sol are the best ones we've had (but, watch out, the alcohol will sneak up on you!) The owner and staff are really friendly and personable once you get to know them, as we have over the past 6 years.
Had some dinner here. Nothing special - food wasn't bad, but it wasn't great either. Prices are definitely Palo Alto prices - i.e. pretty pricey! Dinner pricing was $14 for 2 enchiladas with rice & beans. At least they give you free chips and salsa (3 kinds). Oh wait, don't all Mexican places do that? Service was fine, atmosphere was kind of loud - it's a small place and seems pretty popular. Margaritas are good - had their premium one on the rocks and it was tasty. I think I'm just jaded that I could have probably got an equivalent meal for $10 or less anywhere else.
I'd give 3.5 stars if I could. In general, good food, just as other reviewers have said.  I personally wasn't huge fan of the Sopa Azteca, but that might be because there's another restaurant in San Diego that has FANTASTIC sopa azteca that I like better. I had some sort of fried steak entree, and tried my friend's shrimp entree (last entree on the menu - see below).  His was definitely better than mine, but both were fine. It was definitely on the dark side, and I just want to put in a word about the menu - HORRENDOUS.  I couldn't read a word.  It took my party about half an hour to decipher the handwritten menu, and most people wondered aloud if the management was conducting some sort of marketing experiment on us, because we all ended up ordering the things that were written in larger font (which were the only things we could actually read).
Small place, big food. I think I like Fiesta del Mar better, but this place is pretty good. I love the free chips and salsa slightly more than the selection at Fiesta del Mar, though. Booze selection is expansive too! I have fond memories of shooting expensive tequila here with a housemate and friends before a Mojito at El Bodeguita del Medio.
I have walked by this place many times, but never stopped in. When I came in tonight I was greeted by friendly service and a very large menu. There was a few things which looked decent, but the chorizo burrito caught my eye. While waiting for my food I was looking around and this place has a nice mood. Sort of dim, each table has a little bit of privacy and there seemed to be a whole back room able to be reserved by large groups. When the food came, I was sort of disappointed. First off the chips and salsa, had sort of stale chips :( The rice and beans were on the runny side. The burrito was decent though. Overall not horrible, but not great.
A nice place that is situated on California Street, which perhaps may be an up and coming dining spot (I already see a future fro-yo place to open up soon!). The interior is nicely decorated and service was attentive. It was full on a Wednesday night at prime dinner time and kept on getting busy. I ordered the Pollo Guajillo because I was sold on the description:  "our very own family recipe. Our grandma's "special" is served over chicken. A light sour cream base, guajillo peppers & herbs give it a rich and sophisticated taste" ($13.95). The bf ordered a simple Pollo Quesadilla ($7.95). The Pollo Guajillo came with chicken breast covered in an orange-colored sauce, surrounded with refried beans, rice and tortillas. The strips of chicken were dry, but the sauce was definitely YUM! Creamy and tangy at the same time. The rice and beans were average. I tried a bite of the bf's quesadilla and OMG. I made him trade dishes with me! I know a quesadilla is a simple dish, but it was DAMN good! The chicken was moist, a bit bland but the coating of guacamole on top of the tortilla made up for it. The tortilla was just toasted enough and it had the right amount of cheese which was just gooey enough. And the sour cream!! When I took a bite of the quesadilla with the sour cream on top, it was TO DIE FOR!! I'm not a fan of sour cream, but when I tasted it, I couldn't stop! It's creamy, smooth and has a kick of flavor (a bit salty) but it's a great accompaniment to the bland pollo. I also ordered a margarita which was nice and strong. The tequilla was smooth and went down nicely. By the end of the night I was buzzin' like a bee. I do have to say that their chips were a bit stale. WIth the chips comes 3 different salsas, but I didn't eat much since the chips tasted like cardboard.
Delicious!  We got the guacamole (with tomatoes, always a plus), and I got the camarones con cilantro (or something like that...the shrimp with cilantro dish).  The shrimp and sides were excellent.  However, the cilantro still had an overwhelming alcohol flavor (I think they cooked it in wine) which overpowered nearly everything else.  I pushed the cilantro to the side and ate up all the rest! Service was quick and efficient.  Not a huge place, we had to wait about 20-30 mins on a Friday night.  But well worth it!
I'm a fan of the Sol.  Start with the chips and three salsas, or not - they are totally addictive.  If you don't have to drive anywhere or do anything after your meal, have a margarita.  Those strong suckers are awesome. I am a fajita or carne asada girl (and a creature of habit) but I hear that the burritos are great as are enchiladas. It is a pretty popular California Ave spot, and I don't think they like taking reservations, so can be a wait during prime time (though again I'd recommend those margaritas at the bar).
Sat at the entrance of this place on a Friday night and it was packed/busy.  Snagged an outside table, ordered a pitcher of sangria(not bad), and took a look at the menu.  Usual meat plates, burritos, combinations, and fancy dressed up Mexican dishes.  I go for the taco plate and ask the waiter what my choices are for the meat on the tacos.  He says that they have only boiled prepared beef or pork?  What?  Now perhaps it was my mistaken expectation because I've frequented too many taquerias lately... but if you're a Mexican restaurant, then shouldn't you have at grilled meats like grilled steak or chicken? Thank goodness for that sangria and their spicy good salsa.  It made my mediocre tasting meat tacos taste better.  If I do go back, I'll definitely know what not to expect and order something like those specialty enchiladas of theirs.
Nothing about this place is outstanding.  But, it isn't terrible either.  The food was flooded with heavy sauces.  So, if you like that kind of thing, then you will like this place.  The food was tasty, but not exciting.  The selection of salsa was nice especially the hot red one.  My tortillas were a little soggy because of the heavy sauces. Price-wise, It is not a cheap place.  But, is reasonable for lunch. The seating near the window is nice on a warm day, but it is a little cramped.  The atmosphere is very dark.  It seems like it wants to be a date place, but it seems a little too grungy to impress anyone.  With the abundance of Mexican food on the Peninsula, I say skip it.  There are a whole lot better places around town or similar places that are cheaper.  But, if you live near California Ave and are lazy, it certainly is a decent place to go if you are not feeling creative.
Chips were fresher tasting than usual places, and the three salsas that come along for the ride have a nice spicy kick to them. I got the chilean sea bass (not the most PC fish nowadays, but hey, I'm eating it before they all die in five years..) and it was pretty tasty, though I think it might be hard to mess up a fatty fish in a cream sauce. The smoked peppers in it were nice to gnaw on. Rice and beans on the side were so-so. My dinnermates' enchilada platters looked awesome, so I might try that next time. Prices are slightly higher than what I'd like to pay, but meh, South Bay markup?
Came here for lunch. It had gotten rave reviews from my friends, so we had to come here. The complementary chips were pretty good. Not warm, but the sauces made up for it. They provide three salsas, and all are interesting. Our initial basket wasn't huge, but they gave us more when we asked. I ordered the chicken mole burrito - it was interesting. The mole sauce was good - I'm a big fan of mole sauce. However, the chicken was a bit dry. The beans were good, and the rice was great (not sure what it was seasoned with). However, the chicken is super-important, and it wasn't as excellent as the rest. The meal wasn't cheap - it ended up being a $15 lunch. I try not to do too many of those, but I don't mind one every now and then. Overall, doesn't quite merit the rave reviews. I might come back some time, although I've had a bunch of better Mexican in the area.
I got a good laugh when my friend ordered the cranberry vodka and our waiter asked her quizzically "What's in it?" But after he came back a second time to top her off, I realized how great this place is. The chips and various salsas are so good. So good that most of it ended up on my shirt. But whatever. Our meal was very fresh and perfect. The environment here is very chill and the service was very attentive.
4.5 Stars What a great way to celebrate Cinco de Mayo a little earlier with a visit to Palo Alto Sol. This is one of my favorite restaurants in Palo Alto.  Albeit, it is a lot more expensive than your typical Mexican restaurant, I feel that the quality of the ingredients and flavoring of the food makes it well worth trying. Once I was seated, the server promptly brought over a basket of chips and 3 different types of Salsa: a green, a dark red, and a bright red.  My top choices would be the green and dark red salsas.  Feel free to ask for more if you run out of yummy chips. I'm glad this place printed new menus that are a lot more legible.  Before, the menus were bright orange with hard to read cursive font. For my drink I ordered the Del Sol Margarita ($8.50), which was made with Herradura Silver, a 100% Blue Agave Tequila.  For a non-tequila lover like myself this drink is perfect because they mix it so well that you can't even taste the bitterness of the tequila.  This drink also packs a punch.  I was really feeling 'happy' by the end of my drink. Now onto the main course.  I ordered their Enchilades de Cangrejo ($13.00) or Crab Enchiladas.  These are super delicious and I always tend to order them when I come here.  The crab inside of the enchiladas is nice and sweet and they top off the tortillas with a sauce made up of japalpenos, serrano peppers, olive oil, and toasted almonds.  You read that right -- toasted almonds!  When you bring that fork to your mouth the flavors will make your taste buds dance. On the side they serve the dish with Spanish Rice and Refried Beans.  I'm generally not a big fan of Refried Beans, but they make it so smooth that you don't feel weighed down after eating it. My GF ordered the Pollo Guajillo ($16) and that was super good too.  It was a little too creamy for my tastes, but she liked it.  The sampling I tried was good for me.  It had shredded chicken in a lighy sour cream base with guajillo peppers and various herbs.  A real solid and sophisticated dish. Too bad this place isn't closer to San Jose.  I could see myself coming as a regular for the Crab Enchiladas. == A MUST TRY! ==
My fave Mexican place for 50 miles!  I'm probably in here at least twice a month.  This is not a taqueria, this is a sit-down classic place. The nachos are spectacular.  For my main I always get the enchiladas al Sol, which have a sour cream AND mole sauce on.  They are superb!  The complimentary chips come with three types of salsa, which is such a nice way to start a meal. The margaritas are awesome and I'm usually tipsy after just one, and drunk as a skunk after two.  We usually sit at the bar while waiting for a table and watch the drinks get made.  Just the house margarita gets 2-3 shots in a normal sized glass!  With loads of fresh lime juice they are tart and salty and liquored up....  Perfect way to unwind on a Friday night. Price is right: our bill from last Friday was $50+tip for two margaritas, one starter and two mains. Of course we were stuffed. Service is great.  In the summer there's always a crowd outside but we never wait more than 20 minutes.  A great, consistent neighborhood joint.
Unfortunately this is among the best sit-down Mexican Palo Alto has to offer. The margaritas are awesome but think again before you order your second if you are a smaller person. They are strong. The food is just okay. I have been to Palo Alto Sol three separate times and have tried a number of things. I think my favorites are the guacamole, the unlimited salsa, and the enchilada plate--you can mix and match your favorite sauces. Not bad, not great.
I'd say the margaritas here are much better than the food.  They carry an extensive list of tequilas so you'll never get bored with your margaritas.  I usually get the al sol enchiladas: one mole and one guajillo.  The mole is pretty good here, but I find I have to be in the mood for mole to really enjoy it.  Guajillo sauce is always delicious. At primetime dinner hour, it gets busy so expect to wait a bit for a table.
I think this is a decent tex-mex restaurant.  It's nothing innovative, but somethings I don't want that.  Sometimes all I want is pretty well executed tex-mex and a good location.  I haven't had anything here that was completely memorable, but it is understandable considering how much Mexican I consume.  We have been here several times, and for us, that is a feat in itself.
Man, how could I have passed this Mexican place for 10 years and not have known how good it was? Super Mexican food here. Camarones Diabla  (4 stars) - jumbo shrimps sauteed in olive oil, wine, garlic, onion, tomatoes & crashed pepper Camarones Sol (4 stars) sauteed shrimp in a spicy chipotle sauce I think I prefer the camarones sol since the shrimp is bathed in rich chipotle sauce where diabla was more dry. Bottom line: You bet I'll be back. Packed during lunchtime so come early.
Food was pretty good. Its nice to see some people doing some innovative and unusual things with mexican food, a cuisine that is normally pretty stuck in its old ways. Thats not necessarily a bad thing, luckily for mexican food its old ways are pretty damn delicious. I appreciated the chef trying some new things and putting some stuff on the menu that i haven't seen anywhere else. On the downside the handwritten menu, though a good idea, was at times hard to read. The food, while delicious, was also just too expensive and i didn't feel it was worth the money. I really want to give this place 4 stars, but i feel like in order to do that it has to be a place that i see myself going back to pretty frequently. Unfortunately i just don't see that happening with their prices being so high. Maybe in a few years when im making a little bit more money it won't be such a big deal.
Not the greatest Mexican place in the world, but this is probably the best in the area. After reading other yelp reviews, I noticed a lot of people mentioned that the menu was hard to read. This was a HUGE problem for me. The dim lighting of the restaurant and the drawing behind the text of the menu made reading quite a chore. The free chips and salsa were pretty tasty. I ordered the Bistec Ranchero, and it wasn't bad. I enjoyed the flavor, I just wish they had better tortillas. They weren't soft and they just weren't fresh. On top of that, they only give 2 small tortillas at a time, so I had to keep asking for more to eat with my food. My last qualm about this place is the price. Quite overpriced for what it is... 3 stars since the the food was tasty, but minus 1 for price and minus 1 for lacking good tortillas.
I was going to give this place 3 stars but I realized that they had 3 great salsas... so I relented. First of all, this place has a really good ambiance. During the evenings the room is dimly lit with candles and pinatas (and other decorations) hang from the ceiling. Upon being seated promptly we were served a basket of tortilla chips and 3 different salsas-- mild with tomatoes, tomatillos and LOTS of cilantro. The medium had a bit of jalapeno with the tomatillo, and the hot salsa looked like a thinner consistency of red ketchup.  All three were quite good and the chips were thin, lightly fried and salty. I ordered the enchilada special-- one guajillo and one mole (both with chicken filling). Their mole is good, very light and smooth to the palate. My one complaint is that it lacks to complexity of the chile peppers and the contrast with the Mexican chocolate. Estrellita has the more rich, darker, smokier mole. The guajillo sauce is quite enjoyable. The complexity of the flavor is a cross between nacho cheese sauce and butter chicken curry. The color of the sauce is a mango-orange color with a mild, creamy, non-spicy flavor. It's very gentle to taste and would be very ideal for someone who loves Mexican food but can't handle to spicy flavors. The entree came with refried beans with cheese and rice. Both were very good; but the rice was very fluffy and light. Overall, the food is good... but I prefer Estrellita because it seems more "authentic" in terms of flavor construction and characteristics. It was much too mild, creamy, and didn't have the smoky flavors one would expect from a dish incorporating "roasted peppers."
Wow!  This place is sensational!  I read all of the reviews, and everyone was right. I had the fajitas, and they were delicious.  They had some sort of seasoning on them that made them extra yummy, and the fresh tortillas that came with it was really good. My friends had Al's Sol, which are 2 enchiladas, one with mole sauce and the other with their cream sauce, and they both really enjoyed their dishes. The margaritas were VERY strong and very well made, and overall I had a wonderful experience here.  This place has got to be the best Mexican food I have ever had in my life!  I'll be back!
Same owner as the joint I normally go to in Mountain View, Sol in PA is much smaller and has a mellower feel to it. They serve authentic Mexican food from Puebla. The food here is good and is slightly different from the menu in Mtn View, but basically most of the main dishes are the same. I like the enchilada with mole sauce (dark rich sauce with chilis and chocolate), and also the camarones diabla (shrimp with white wine, garlic, & onion). They have mostly tables for 2 so be prepared to wait to be seated. It's popular. Service is also good here.
This is our favorite restaurant.  The staff is all really friendly and welcoming.  We have never waited more than about 15 mins to be seated and we usually just sit at the bar and have a drink.  We always start with Del Sol margaritas which are some of the best margaritas I've ever had!  They serve 3 homemade salsas which are authentic and super yummy (honestly, I don't understand why people have been bashing them).  The mexican food here is the best in the area! (and we eat a lot of mexican).  I usually get enchiladas which are amazing! A lot of their entrees are awesome also.  You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu!
Let me start with the caveat that I have only been here for lunch during the week... That being said - the salsas are outstanding, the enchiladas are delicious and the staff is attentive without being overbearing - even during the Palo Alto lunch rush... Recommended if youre looking for a solid sit down Mexican experience...
Palo Alto Sol is definitely a solid choice for sit-down Palo-Altan mexican cuisine.  I love their fish tacos, and everything else (enchiladas... mmm)  I've had has been really good.  Service is good and the darkness of the place is kind of fun!  Lets you take advantage of their old school candles. :) Still, unless I'm really craving the being-waited-on experience, I would rather go to somewhere a little more shack-like.
Yes, this place is mighty tasty. It doesn't hold back as much as other more upscale Mexican places, way better than Celia's, for example. Very unpretentious, genuine atmosphere too. The menu is slightly different than most places, with different regional influences. This AIN'T your average Mexican joint.
This is my favorite Mexican restaurant in Palo Alto hands down! Their chips are crunchy and good and they give you three different kind of salsa (the green one has always been my favorite). I've been going to this restaurant since I was about ten, which is over 12 years! I always order the enchiladas suisas with chicken (and green sauce) and the waiters (at least one of them) knows my order by heart! The green sauce is really good and the flavor of the rice is delicious, the beans are just OK. The mole enchiladas have an awesome flavor and they also come with rice and beans. The tortilla soup comes in a huge bowl and has a very good flavor (it has avocado, cheese, tomatoes, chicken, and strips of chips). This place has gotten significantly more crowded in the last few years, so sometimes you have to wait a few minutes before you can be seated. I love this place, their food is delicious and the waiters are really really nice!
A mix of good and bad.  Often a wait to be seated, and not completely unwarranted.  A bit pricey for Mexican food, especially when they serve stale chips with their salsa.  Most of the dishes are middle of the road and do not justify the price. Even so, the Pollo Negro is spectacular.  Juicy pieces of beautifully grilled chicken, served with fresh spinach, goat cheese, and a creamy garlic and chile and wine reduction sauce.  Coming with rice and beans and tortillas, this is possibly the best dish I've had in Palo Alto.  Not cheap at $16, but totally worth it.
After living most of my life in El Paso, I can tell Mexican food cooked with authentic recipes, especially with so much pseudo-Mexican food here.  The salsas and sauces used here remind me of home, and the quality of the food is top notch. Service was very good, especially since we only showed up 30 minutes before they closed.  The place was still crowded though. I definitely recommend stopping in, but be warned the meal will cost a few bones.  Drinks plus dinner plus anything extra will add up.  The specialty enchiladas each cost $13.  I wouldn't complain if they had give you three, but for two enchiladas I could have used more food for that price. 4 for 5 with a slight hesitation that I might be under-rating Sol.
yes, three types of salsa.  Very good We had the soupa azetca - chicken soup.  It was EXCELLENT.  Not good, but great.  The service was great and we quite lingered so I can attest the place is CLEAN- cleaned from top to bootom during mid afteroon lull. Earnest people, working hard.  Try it - it was great
Damas y Caballeros...I finally found an AWESOME Mexican restaurant in the Peninsula! Hooray for me!!! The restaurant is small but the ambiance is great. The staff is very friendly and the food is fabulous. The fact that we never had to ask for our water glass or chips and salsa to be refilled speaks volumes about how attentive the staff is. Oh yeah, the margaritas really hit the spot too!
Best real Mexican food I've found near Palo Alto! I admit, I don't give many Mexican restaurants a chance because where I'm from, I've had spectacular, authentic fare since the day I was born. However, this place was a very pleasant surprise- rich, Poblano flavors that are made of more than just taco seasoning. I love mole just the way my grandma makes it and this came pretty close to capturing that flavor. My sidekick ordered the chicken mole, which he loved, and I had the Enchiladas Al Sol with beef. We kept picking off each others' plates until it was all gone and our tummies were fully satiated. Although I'll never get used to the hefty prices here in Palo Alto, I will definitely come back to this place whenever I'm seeking my comfort food :)
I guess this is more authentic Mexican food (as in not California Mexican food) but it's not my style. I got a burrito and was surprised to find that it was a wet burrito, smothered in an unpleasant and acrid red enchilada-like sauce. I should probably have read the description more but I didn't think I had to...
Fast service..chips were ok..the salsa was the best (salsa verde)..had the chicken enchilada in red sauce. The enchilada's came in green or red sauce. Served with rice and beans. Close to my job so figured we try it, glad we did..we'll be coming back.
Palo Alto Sol is hands down the best authentic mexican food that I have had in the bay area. The place is located in midtown Palo Alto, and has a very nice ambience to it. The margaritas taste yummy and fresh, the chips and the three sauces they come with are crunchy, and the food is delicious. I like spicy food.. and I have a couple of favorites here of course. I love their Camarones Diablo - it is a shrimp dish, with onions tomatoes and red chilli flakes, comes with rice and beans. Another favorite is their chicken soup - so so fresh!! Perfect for a cold night. Yet another favorite of mine is this dish that is not on their menu - crab enchiladas with some kinda green sauce on top - the crab meat is SOOO good!! You gotta try it! Parking is plenty as it is in midtown, there is some outdoor seating as well, the staff is very attentive and friendly. If you want to have some authentic mexican food - try this place!
When I first came to this restaurant it was new. As an opening promotion Hector bought my friends and me free margaritas, I suppose he wanted to drum up business, and I'll say it worked! This is without a doubt the restaurant that my parents and sister and I all wind up coming to when my folks visit. Gently Americanized, but with some really awesome saucier skills! This place makes really incredible sauces for everything from the three table sauces that they serve with chips to their famous Guajillo and Mole sauces that you can get on an enchilada or chicken breast. Actually, the mole here is the best that I have ever tasted in my life, so it did surprise me somewhat to find myself splitting nachos with a friend here the other night and WOW they were good too!
Tasty food, large portions, excellent service... but a few points outweighed my giving Palo Alto Sol four stars: 1) What's up with the lighting inside? I went for lunch on a weekday with a few friends, intending to catch up over a good, well-lit meal-- but found the lights so dim that it should have been dinner on a Friday night! A bit more lighting and I would have been able to see what color my food was. 2) The menu was IMPOSSIBLE to read. I have to admit, for all its artistry, it lacked function. First of all, it's completely black and white, with drawings under hand-written menu listings/descriptions. Second of all, though the script is beautiful, it's also quite illegible. I found myself making a hasty choice before a) getting cross-eyed and b) developing a pre-food migrane. 3) The food was tasty (I had the carne asada burrito) but I've also had the same or better-- for cheaper. $10.95 for a burrito is the MOST I've ever paid-- and ever will! Try Lulu's (at Town and Country Shopping Center) for a more wallet-friendly, equally yummy experience. I know, they seem like minor points, but added up, made my experience at Sol just a bit less pleasant. :( That said, they were super-nice about our decision to split our bill on three credit cards.
Love this place. Hands down the best Mexican in Palo Alto. The Mole sauce is to die for. Seriously. I love the three different kinds of salsa they serve with the chips when you sit down, the fact that my water glass is never empty, and the food is quick and delicious.  Sometimes it takes a while to get a waiter's attention, but it's a small price for filling portions and yummy food. Whenever one of my dinner partners wants Mexican and is willing to go somewhere you need to sit (i.e. not Wahoo's), this is where I wanna come.  Love. It.
My Low down... Positives: All three of the salsa's are tasty. Beans and rice on all the plates is perfect. My favorite Mole in all of the world. It is chocolaty and smooth, but not dry and bitter tasting like some places make it... I suspect semisweet or milk chocolate at some level in the mole. Negatives: No carnitas. Neutral: Grand-mother's special chicken is good and made with White meat, but it just isn't as good as it is at FDM in MTV. As you may have heard (in every review) the menu is hard to read, but it gives the place class/something for people to complain about.
bleh... it's my friend's favorite mexican restaurant, but i think for once this restaurant does veggie enchiladas really well.  Other than that, it's middle of the pack for an overpriced mexican restaurant.  This place does not deal with their seating in a very organized manner, so there's a lot of useless waiting at the door or the bar. Carne asada - meat had no flavor.  It came with beans, rice, & only two non-descript tortillas. Says it comes with guacamole, but I think it was barely a tablespoon.  ($16!!) Guajillo Pork enchilada - their enchiladas are tasty, but not much more than chevy's.  They're expensive in comparison, for not too much taste differential.  ($13) Mole enchilada - pretty tasty.  I may like this better than the Guajillo. Food: 2 stars Service: 1 stars (kept having to ask for chips, water, everything.  Repeatedly because they kept forgetting.  Totally messed up the candles to a birthday cake) Ambiance: 3 stars Overall: 2 stars
I found this place in the early evening on a Saturday after spending four hours in a car repair shop freezing my butt off. I had an hour to kill before picking up my kid in the East Bay.  I was a couple of doors down at the Accent Art Supply place on an unsuccessful search for transparent white Rembrandt oil paint. Anyway, none of the other restaurants on the block appealed to me at the time so I went into Sol.  It was pretty cold that night and I was looking for something warm to eat. I was torn between the mole poblano and the sopa Azteca.  I decided on the soup.  Good choice...huge bowl of tortilla soup with loads of avocado, tomato, tortilla strips, and chicken.  Warmed me right up and the soup was almost as good as my own version. I took home 2/3 of the meal and the soup only tasted better as the flavors had time to meld. I would normally shy away from Mexican "restaurants" as I find the food is much better at a tacqueria.  However, I'd definitely return to some of their other dishes.
Sister restaurant to Vive Sol, similar menu, smaller - yet still loud a peak times space. Had dinner with another couple here Saturday evening -- waited 10 minutes for a table (correctly estimated by host) and were seated without menus -- after we flagged someone down (10 minutes later?) service for the evening was without a hitch. My only complaint is that the vegetarian options are few and that the ranch-style dressing is more of a vinegar based sauce at this location. The veggie burrito is yummy (I get it with a side salad, no rice, no beans), beers were cold and they were chill with our camping out and chatting at the table from 7:30-10. I LOVE THE GREEN SALSA HERE! Three beers, a diet coke, veggie salad, veggie burrito, two chicken enchilada dishes -- about $83 w/tip... pricey for Mexican, but good for a group dinner.
Good food, not to bad of a hit on your wallet. They ID everybody so be prepared with you ID, the only thing that I would complain about is the service, you never know whether you will get a good waiter or a bad one, and we have had both there. Always busy, every night of the week. Definitiy a little intimate, good place to eat for dinner. Update: I guess they do not seem to ID everyone......and they are always busy, I just tried their "Burrito Verde" very spicy and the pork was sooooo goood. Not to mention their "Sol Margarita" is fantastic!
I know how Yelpers love to hear themselves talk, so I really didn't believe the menu could be that bad, but it IS!!!  You'd think they'd re-do it since just about every review here says how horrible it is. Salsas were very tasty.  I really wanted the taco and tostada combo with carnitas.  But they don't serve carnitas.  I thought carnitas was a staple at Mexican restaurants.  Then I just couldn't decide what to order and ordered the "grandma's special".  It was good, Fiesta Del Mar's is way better though.  The meat (I had chicken) did pass the test though, all nice white meat, so that did make me happy.  Rice was just ok, I like a choice of beans - their refried were very watery. Don't think I'd eat here again on purpose but wouldn't bitch about it if I did.
The food - amazing. The margaritas - superb. Go here for some flippin' awesome Mexican food! Want more? Ok...well...I've been here 3 times for dinner and every time the food and the margaritas rock! I've had burritos, the mole poblano, and recently tried the catfish tacos. I'm generally not a fan of fish tacos (and have never understood this food fad), but these are fantastic! The mole sauce is super yummy, and they don't skimp on the tequila in the margaritas.
Complimentary chips yum, ambiance yay, prices good. Enchiladas? Just OK. I got the mole enchilada and I'd recommend trying a different sauce if you're not familiar with mole already. The richness and combination of sweetness and bitterness made me a bit sick after a few bites. I think my perception of this place was tainted by my distaste for mole (should have tried it from a friend's plate first - next time I might not be so adventurous). Another girl I went with got the chipotle enchiladas and that looked and tasted good to me so I think I'll visit next time and order up that dish instead :)
There are very few things that I miss about Palo Alto.  Shockingly few.  But, "PA Sol," as my friends and I lovingly termed it, or simply, "Sol" for the pithier, is without a doubt, one of them. In fact, despite the fact that I haven't lived in Palo Alto for 9 months, I still crave their blended margaritas and amazing dinner plates (the sonora chicken is particularly delightful) on a weekly basis. I have yet to find a Mexican joint I like so much. And, I live in SF.  In the Mission. Admittedly, Palo Alto Sol isn't trying to be a quick and dirty taqueria.  But what it is trying to be-- authentic yet creative cuisine with a friendly waitstaff and dare-I-say, romantic, den-like ambiance, with damn good margaritas-- it does extremely well.
So, I love the food here and go all the time. Something very odd happened the last time though. I called and made a reservation b/c my parents were in town and I wanted to make sure we didn't have to wait. I spoke to a man who took my name, number in party, phone number, etc. and said, see you at 8:00. When we arrived we were told that the restaurant doesn't take reservations. I even double checked the number that I dialed in my cell to make sure I hadn't called the wrong place. Weird... BUT, now I know; they most definitely do not take reservations or at least do not hold them :)
Oh Guajillo sauce, you are my cheesy enchilada downfall.  You are also one of the few things I can order on the menu (vegetarian). This is not a criticism.  I try not to be whiny vegetarian, but rather to make due with the menu, especially with a place like Palo Alto Sol, which goes beyond your standard Mexican fare with their delicious sauces.  I really enjoy this place; not fancy, but good lighting, good food, and whoa, some kicking margaritas.  Be careful, they WILL mess you up.  And help your stomach relax and soak in all that enchilada goodness.  Yummmm....
Not very vegetarian friendly. I can't read the hand-written menu, which I assume is supposed to feel organic, so I haven't a clue if they even have a vegetarian option on it. If you flag down a waiter and ask for vegetarian they'll do something for you, but it's so loud that I rarely know what I ordered until it arrives. It's too tightly packed to be comfortable. The food is fine, but nothing wonderful.
I've been to this restaurant a few times over the past couple of years and have never had issues with the service (as others here on Yelp seem to have experienced). Not sure what to say there but they've always been friendly and timely with my service. Food has always been of good quality and good taste. Not my very favorite mexican place in the area, but a good local restaurant I like to support. I'm a fan of their enchiladas and really like all of the sauce choices you have, more than the typical mexican restaurant. All in all a quality locally run restaurant that I like to check out every few months.
Palo Alto Sol is probably my favorite restaurant in terms of frequency of attendance for sit down meals, but I can only give it 4 stars. The food is good but not great. There is one thing on the menu which is great, and that's the Sopa de Azteca. I've tried everything trust me. Anything with Guajillo sauce is good if you like Macaroni & Cheese (its a dairy and cheese type sauce) but it can't be healthy. The soup, on the other hand, is wonderful. Fresh chicken, avocado, rice, other good hearty vegetables, and then you can douse it with hot sauce or fresh cut serrano peppers. This was what I had for lunch every day when I lived in El Salvador in 2002, so it brings back good memories. Given that every other time I order non-soup I find the food to be mediocre, why do I come to Palo Alto Sol? Good lighting and good ambience. Pretty good chips and green salsa as well. I tolerate good food because I think overall its a great experience. The low lighting is key and sitting outside can be nice. I liiiike.
Fantastic food, great service. Highly recommend the mole dishes! Deelish!!!!
Positives: Very attentive staff, good decor, and great chips and salsa. My favorite dish is the Burrito Sonora. Comes with the adobe sauce. So good! Never get tired of it. I also like their quesadillas (awesome sour cream!) - usually get the appetizer version with chicken. Their Sol margaritas are very good. Lots of fresh lime juice, which is a plus. Negatives: Feel that their items are a bit overpriced. Also, the margarita pours could be more generous. You would think that buying a pitcher would be a better deal, but it is not. Overall: Great food and drinks, but pricey.
Palo Alto Sol is my favorite Mexican place in Palo Alto. The house margarita is great, and the "multiple salsa options" (according to my boyfriend) are delicious. The mole sauce is great, so I like the "enchiladas al sol," with one guajillo enchilada (sour cream reduction), and one mole enchilada... delicious! The sea bass is also great, as is the tortilla soup! A sure standout on California Avenue. Galdino is an awesome server - he even hooked me up with guacamole once when they had an "avocado shortage."
This is my favorite restaurant, no question.  I come here with my family on a weekly basis.  The service is fast and the servers are really friendly.  They even offered me a free tequila shot when I ate there for my 21st birthday!  The only downside is that it is a small restaurant and it can get pretty crowded during lunch time and on the weekends. I definitely recommend the enchiladas nuevas, or the chicken tortilla soup!  I'm getting hungry just writing this review...  Oh and don't forget to order a margarita!
I'm so happy to live near Palo Alto Sol!  All of the food is delicious, from the very flavorful salsas to the great enchiladas (I like the mole), and even to the rice and beans. One incredible thing is how fast our food comes out - It's always much sooner than I would have expected. The feel of the Palo Alto restaurant is great, but I might like the Mountain View one a little better for ambiance.
Not very clean. I got sick after lunch!
Went for the first time today and got a chicken burrito.  I figured, can't go wrong with that.  I was wrong.  The chicken was dry and the burrito was bland.  It was basically shredded chicken wrapped in a tortilla with cheese melted on top.  Came with a side of rice (which was better than the burrito) and beans (which was just about as good as the burrito).  For the price of a whopping $13.00, I expected something... more. The servers were nice enough and the food came out fast.
My wife and I went to Palo Alto Sol with our 7 week old daughter for the first time.  We were meeting friends there, and they had not yet arrived.  They said we could not have a table until our full party arrived.  We were standing in the middle of the restaurant with a stroller with nowhere to go.  After threatening to leave and go somewhere else, they finally let us sit, and the rest of our party was there within 2 minutes.  I can understand if it was packed, but it was still early, and 3/4 of the place was empty. Once we got past sitting down, the meal was great.  As we had been told and read on yelp, it really is one of the best Mexican places around.  The selection was great, but it did take a while to read the hand written menu.  I had the fajitas, and I have to say that they were some of the best I have ever had. Margaritas were great, and my friends couldn't stop looking at the selection of Tequilas.  I'm no expert in that field, so I took their word their word on it. I would give this place 5 stars if not for the way we were treated when first arriving.
Service was excellent. Food was yummy and authentic.
Have been here a few times and absolutely love it. The enchiladas are absolutely delicious. I have never had any problems with the service, but I tend to come for lunch- perhaps dinner time is worse? The margaritas are wonderful- they def don't skimp on the tequila.
Went for a family dinner here last Sunday.  Have a 21 months old so we showed up at 530, hoping to avoid any rush.  Heard great things about Sol, so we were all excited.  However, we all left disappointed. No kids menu. My husband ordered fajitas and never received any sides with the steak and grilled onions- no guacamole or sour cream or pico.  He was bummed. My teen daughter ordered a vegetarian bean, cheese, rice, and guacamole burrito.  They forgot the guacamole. My chile verde was OK, but the meat was a little tough.  The Sangria was good, but that's not what we came for. All in all, we will pass on Sol next time around.
Fit 25 without reservation. That was amazing.
No kidding! The food here is as good as it gets when you just have to have wonderful Mexican comfort food. The place is small, and you may have to wait if you arrive when they are very busy, because they don't rush their patrons. They're polite and they'll expect you to be polite. If you are in a hurry go someplace else, and go to Palo Alto Sol when you have the time to savor their delectable delights. It's really worth it. Among all of the entrees my favorite is the enchiladas Guajillo.
Let me start by saying that I lived in Dallas for awhile, and Dallas has-by far- the world's best tex-mex. There are no words to describe how wonderful mexican food is in Dallas- I eat it for every lunch and dinner when I'm in town (breakfast is reserved for the chick-fil-a biscuit). Palo Alto Sol is our mexican place here. It's not amazing but it gets the job done. I like their Guajillo (sp?) sauce. There is room for improvement on the beans and I hate mexican rice no matter where I get it. The meat seems to be of decent quality. I would give it three stars but none of their high chairs were working- at least one half of the belts had been removed because "the kids don't like being tied in". Ummmm... that's not a reason to have malfunctioning high chairs. That's a safety concern and law suit waiting to happen. It can get packed on weekend nights, but we had out choice of seating on Monday afternoon.
Pretty much every time I come here I order a margarita and enchiladas al sol.  I really enjoy the mole and guajillo sauces.  The complimentary chips and three salsas are delicious!
Excellent food, especially the mole. Good service
I love this restaurant. I have been going here for years. They have great margaritas. Some places are really skimpy with their margaritas, but not here. Love the food and ambiance. This is my favorite mexican restaurant!
OMG the margaritas are SOOOOO good!!!  Ahhhhh!!!  I am thinking about the margaritas right now and my mouth is watering.  I'd say margaritas are a 5, and food is a 3 (there's a lot of good Mexican food around here). Good for catching up with friends or a casual date.
I've been here probably ten times in the past four years and I have no idea why I keep coming back. I always seem to forget how horrible the service is, and how mediocre the food is, but after this visit I will NOT forget. California Ave. is a parking nightmare during lunch, so my lunch trio dropped off one of our passengers at Palo Alto Sol to grab a table while the remaining ones looked for parking. The driver and I continued on our merry way and eventually found a spot a couple blocks away. When we finally got to the restaurant, our friend was standing at the bar with a bewildered look on her face. She said that when she asked for a table, one of the employees told her to "stand there," and pointed at the bar. Well there were at least 5 tables open that could seat a group of 3, but we brushed it off for the time-being. Then an employee grabbed some menus and walked us towards the back of the restaurant to a table right outside the bathroom. The stench was disgusting. My friend said very politely, "excuse me, could we sit somewhere else?" The employee responded, "we don't have any other tables." Ummmmmmm... there were several tables. We looked at each other with confused looks. "Well, can we sit outside?" my friend asked. The host didn't acknowledge her question, but simply turned around and started walking outside. We followed and sat at a perfectly good table, far away from the icky bathroom smells. The rest of our visit was uneventful. We were served drinks by one person, got our order taken by another, had our food delivered by another, and had our check delivered by another. Nobody checked on us after our food was delivered, nobody refilled drinks, and we had to ask to have our check delivered. The food was ok. I ordered the Enchiladas Rachero with chicken. I've had better. Palo Alto Sol, please get some manners.
The dimly lit restaurant was a stark contrast to the bright day outside.  After your eyes adjust themselves, they have to go through the exercise of facilitating the deciphering of the handwritten menu.  Touche. Despite having to spend about 5 minutes squinting at the menu, I was proud of myself for choosing well - the Chipotle Beef Enchilada was awesome: the beef was chunky yet tender, the sauce was amazing and not too rich and the tortillas - which I normally could not stand under normal circumstances - were great! While sticking to my policy to not consume alcoholic beverages during work hours, I took a sip (okay, a gulp) of colleague's margarita.  Then made a mental note to be back here when it is no longer work hours.
I used to work in Palo Alto and started going to this place when they first opened on a regular basis.  I happened to be in the area shopping and noticed they were still in business and decided to stop for lunch.  I was so happy when I found out they still have the Enchiladas al Guajillo on their menu, which is the only item I had ever ordered.  It is still very good, though when they first opened it seemed as if the dish was amazing.  As far as the service, it was fine.  This was the first time sitting at a table, I used to sit and have lunch at the bar.  Good memories and one of two places I can get the Guajillo sauce in the Bay Area.
Skip Palo Alto Sol and go to La Fiesta. Sure, if you're in Palo Alto it's a longer drive to Mountain View, but it is SO worth it. I went to Palo Alto Sol for my mom's birthday last Saturday night and it was terrible. We were a party of ten, but since they would not take a reservation (called in the day before) and apparently failed to acknowledge our helpful warning that a party of ten would be showing up at 5:30, they had to scramble to get a table ready since they don't have any set that large. Totally avoidable if they'd take a reservation, even if only for large parties. This policy also proved to be a problem later into our meal when an irate customer cornered and was loudly talking at the manager/one of the waiters (not sure which) next to our table about how unacceptable their handling of his party of twenty was (I don't know the details of their situation, but it sounded like it also could have been avoided - and at the very least, the manager could have directed the customer away from the middle of the restaurant). The food took a long time to come, though Palo Alto Sol's saving grace is their chips and salsa are pretty tasty, so we filled up on those. Like La Fiesta, they serve three different salsas - a green (maybe tomatillo?) salsa, and two tomato-based salsas, one deeper red with vinegar and chili powder flavors and one with a smokier flavor.  All were enjoyable, and the chips were fresh tasting - not stale. If only the food had been as good as the chips. First, they got my mom's order wrong, and were not only unapologetic about it, but actually kind of rude. On top of that, they confused three of the other orders, as they were not able to remember which enchilada had which filling and had to have those people cut into all of their enchiladas.  In addition, not one dish came out hot. They were all served warm-ish. This was disappointing, but could be excused if the food were amazing. It wasn't. It was just OK. I had the enchilada plate that came with one Mole and one Guajillo enchilada, plus rice and beans. The Guajillo sauce is Palo Alto Sol's version of Grandma's Special sauce at La Fiesta. It was okay, though luke warm and a little bland. The mole was significantly worse than La Fiesta's mole. It was completely bland. Weak flavor and no spice whatsoever. Not even good for someone who steers away from spice, because, regardless of how spicy it was, the flavor was boring. The pork inside my enchiladas (you choose from pork, chicken, cheese, or beef) was very chunky and chewy and was also just OK. I tried some of the guacamole that came with my kids enchiladas, and that was flavorful and good. I also had a sip of the blended margarita (a pitcher is $34, which seems a little pricey) and I liked that it had strong flavor of sweet and sour, though some might prefer more tequila flavor than it had. To top everything off, in spite of the fact that there were crowds of people waiting to be seated, they took forever bringing back the bill and credit card so that we could leave. Also, a waiter awkwardly brought out a flan with a candle in it after it was obvious that everyone except my dad and I had grown impatient and were waiting outside to leave.  OH, and to top THAT off, they added a 20% gratuity to the bill to reward themselves for their absolutely horrendous, rude, arrogant service. There was one very nice woman, I guess a bus boy(girl), but no one else seemed to care a bit about making the customers happy, even if just to behave appropriately when mistakes are made. I will stick to La Fiesta, thank you very much!  And I'm glad to see that La Fiesta currently has a higher Yelp rating than Palo Alto Sol, because they deserve it.
Another of the La Fiesta, Fiesta Del Mar , family of restaurants, is a solid joint on California Ave. If you've been to the other establishments you'll notice the similarities in both decor and taste of food. Great enchiladas and milanesa like the others.
I honestly can't figure out why people get excited about this place.  Four of us came here Sunday night at 8:30.  The place was packed so we waited a few minutes at the bar for a table to open up.  The menu is SO hard to manage because it's hand-written in cursive, not that well organized, and it doesn't give you as much information as you'd hope for (do all the dishes come with rice and beans or just the burritos?).  I appreciate their effort in making it homey and intimate, but I also don't want to have to decipher what my possible food choices are.  Once we had all decided, it took them a VERY long time to get to our table to get the orders.  They also took our IDs with them to check that we were over 21.  I've never seen another restaurant or bar or anyplace do that.  We were getting hungry at this point and realized that we had not received any complimentary chips and salsa.  We again had to flag down someone to ask about this, and they said that they were out.  What??  You have a restaurant full of people, you're a Mexican restaurant, and I know you have tortilla shells b/c you asked if we wanted them with our meal.  Go make some more!  We pressed them a little more about it, and they offered to get us tortas and salsa, which we said was fine.  But then they came back out and had some chips for us anyway.  Um, where did those come from?  Did they just appear?  Did you dump the leftovers from all the other customers' baskets?  Did you "find" them some place you weren't supposed to be looking, like the garbage?  I don't know, but it was very strange.  Still, we were very hungry and ate them anyway and just tried not to think about it.  Our food came out, and it was just okay.  We had the Milanesa, the Bistec Ranchero, the Carne Asada (people wanted steak), and Camarones alla Cilantro.  The food was not that interesting although there was plenty of it.  The service was just appalling.  We had to flag them down several times to refill our water and the wait staff was generally aloof about serving us.  We left a little before 10, after they gave us massive hints to kick us out (putting up all the chairs on the tables around us).  The whole meal was $90 for the four of us. I don't plan on going back anytime soon for the horrible customer service and average food.  I'd rather go to La Morenita.
Think big heavy burritos at good prices and you got El Sol.  I typically order a chicken burrito that comes with a heaping mound of rice and beans.  Put that together with an endless bowl of chips and salsas, wash it down with a Coke (Mexican Coca Cola made with cane sugar) and you have a lunch.  Big Palo Alto favorite during lunch time.  Dinner crowd seems to have disappeared - perhaps at Oaxacan Kitchen down the street?
Great atmosphere and there's a bar where you can wait and drink margaritas before you're seated.  The enchiladas are very good, we had the Rancheras enchilidas (1 red, 1 green)..I think the green is tastier.  Chips come with 3 different types of salsa, and all are very tasty.  Service was okay, it didn't seem like we had one particular server, but the food is good!  Well-priced for the amount of food you get, platters of 1-2 enchiladas + rice+ beans ranges from $10-12 and more for combos.  Recommended if you want sit-down Mexican food in a nice atmosphere.
We went as a group of five on a Friday night. The place was packed---so much so that I felt bad for the guy eating with his family that had my ass in his face. There's really no waiting area and since it was cold outside, everyone was inside. The staff is very nice and the food is about average and what you'd expect. I ordered the chicken chipotle enchilada and I gotta say, it had some very good kick to it. The cadillac margarita I had was very good and pretty stiff. The shared guacamole was good but nothing spectacular. Overall, decent place.
Palo Alto Sol looks like a little hole-in-the-wall place, but it's actually a cozy upscale restaurant with a comfortable atmosphere and candle-lit dinners.  It's not as cramped as it looks from the outside.  I should mention that I've never paid as much for Mexican food as I have at Sol... but it's worth it.  Eat here once and you WILL come back.  Their food is too perfect.
After the Red Pepper shut down, I started frequenting this place when my wife got addicted to their monstrous vegetarian "farmer's" burrito (Burrito Campesino). They have one of, if not the largest selections of tequilas in the area, and their enchilladas are excellent. I recommend their signature enchilladas (one mole, one ranchera), although I've tried every combination and they're all great. Their chicken mole is fantastic. Also noteworthy is the speed at which dinner arrives- always fast. Outside seating is great during the summer, but get a seat in the back for those romantico evenings.
This place is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants down in the Peninsula. I'm very partial to their catfish tacos and enchiladas. It's a great place to meet up for lunch/dinner or enjoy a refreshing margarita after work with friends.
This is the BEST mexican I can find in the bay area.  We drive over from Los Gatos when we want a special mexican meal.  The staff is friendly, the chips, salsa and margaritas are the best, and they offer so many tasty unique dishes.  I felt I had to write a review because I simply do NOT understand why there are so many 3-4 star ratings.  This place is a cut above, and anything but ordinary mexican.
Love that they serve three different salsas with the chips/salsa to start. Great mole and burritos. Prices have gone up a chunk in the last year or so, and service depends on the night but the food has been great every time I've gone.
Downright some of the best mexican food I have tasted in the bay area.  I love the small, family style theme to the restaurant, that is displayed in the handwritten menus.  I love that they serve you chips with three different types of salsa, each with their own distinctive tastes.  I had the pollo negro for my main dish which was tasty and just the right size.  The margarita was good, not over powering or too sweet.  Service was standard, as I really couldn't find something to complain about or rave either.  The prices were definitely reasonable, ranging anywhere from $8-16.00 for food.  I can't wait to return here!
I really like the food here.  The food quality is comparable to Vive Sol, which I gave 5 stars, but seemed to be more expensive (than Vive).  Everything feels a little cramped when seated inside.  Solid 4 stars.
Great food, with delicious margaritas and attentive waitstaff.  My favorite dish here is the Rajas Poblanas.  Probably best for a small dining group, since the room can get a little loud on the weekends.
Don't know what the fuss is about, been here twice and tried the fish and some veggie options. Both times, food was super salty. Not sure why I let them fool me twice. I know, it was yelp. So many good reviews and close by, I really wanted to like them and gave them a second chance.
Some of the best mexican food in the area.  Classic dishes are done right in this chill sit-down restaurant.  Service is usually excellent. Prices are reasonable. Certainly has its quirks, ie  dim lighting, illegible menu  but it you sort of chalk it up to Sol's unique "character". Enchiladas al sol and chile relleno have been best bets so far.
The best mole sauce that I've had anywhere.  The food is tremendous, the drinks are good and the price is right.  Prompt and courteous service as well!  Plus, you'll likely see Mr. Zuckerberg there as well.
Wow. This was my first actual mexican restaurant. Not some run of the mill wannabe like Taco Bell. The food was great, full of taste, filling and the portions were huge. The downside was that service was a little slow and patron margarita pitchers were expensive for what they were. The margaritas tasted a little watered down and for what we paid for it, we should have used up a whole bottle after 2 pitchers! It still tasted good and not like straight tequila though. After coming here and trying 2 entrees, I feel confident you're pretty safe in choosing something good regardless of which entree you choose for your meal.
Best Mexican I have had in the Bay Area. I came here with a coworker for dinner. Upon our arrival the waiter quickly brought us chips and three types of Salas (all ranging in spiciness). They all tasted great. We shared the Quesadilla and Chalupas for appetizers which we both enjoyed. I had the chicken enchiladas for dinner, it came with rice and beans. It was a lot of food and I had enough left over to lunch the next day. The price was pretty good considering it is Palo Alto - and the service was very speedy.  I will be back the next time I am in the bay area craving mexican.
Went here for lunch with the coworkers. We sat outside, which was great since it was a beautiful day on California Avenue.The chile rellenos were just about perfect. Simple (pepper, cheese, thick batter) and just the way I like them! I would love to come back but it seriously takes forever to get service and food. I'm pretty sure we were there for an hour, and only eating our entrees for 15 minutes. Maybe I'll do takeout next time.
Had the carne asade burrito, bit pricer than other burrito joints and you don't get anything more spectacular. I like Taqueria La Bamba and Los Charros better.
I ate here many moons ago... before I really appreciated good mexican food.  Thinking back, it was delicious.  I'll be going back soon to try the mole.
Had lunch here with a coworker back in December.  It was my first time there, but I've walked by this place numerous times and had been meaning to try it.  It's always packed, especially during the lunch hour.  And, I know why.  This place is REALLY GOOD. Luckily, we only had to wait about 10 minutes before being seated. I love that they serve 3 different salsas with the tortilla chips...my favorite is the spicy red one.  For my meal, I ordered the enchiladas al sol.  One enchilada with mole sauce and one with guajillo (sour cream sauce). I love mole sauce, and their mole sauce is amazing...probably the best I've had.  The guajillo was a little too rich for me.  The favors were good, but just a little too creamy. I definitely recommend this place, at least for lunch, and I cant wait to come back!
Easily the best "upscale" (i.e. no burritos or tacos... we're talking sit down) Mexican restaurant you'll ever eat at. Their enchiladas are to die for!
Palo Alto Sol's fabulous mole sauce (especially over their enchiladas) makes for wonderful food.  I've been here twice, both with groups, and everyone has walked away pleased.  The inside seating is a bit cramped, especially in the evenings when the place is crowded; however, if you come with friends, you might like the "cozy"  restaurant's atmosphere.  Palo Alto Sol is pricier than nearby Mexican options, but the superior quality of the food more than compensates.
Palo Alto Sol was one of my favorite restaurants in Palo Alto, until it gave me food poisoning.  I went there for dinner and ordered my usual--the burrito quajillo with chicken.  Six hours later, I became incredibly sick and eventually went to the hospital.  Needless to say, I won't be eating there again.
First off, the service here is great. They keep the chips coming while you continue to devour them before you actual meal shows up. The portions are pretty good and it's not overly expensive. They have lots of choices so there is definitely something for everybody on their menu. I wouldn't say any particular dish stands out (they offer pretty standard mexican food), but it is all very good!
Palo Alto Sol is one of my favorite Palo Alto lunch spots. It is always busy at lunch time, but I have never felt neglected. The food is excellent. I LOVE the mole enchiladas and the nachos.
Fairly authentic for a North Cali Mexican restaurant nestled in Palo Alto.  I was impressed.  The margaritas are large, tasty and not wussy on the tequila...always a plus for la barracha in me.
Great "nice" Mexican food, by the same folks who brought you Fiesta del Mar and Fiesta del Mar Too in Mountain View.  Nice atmosphere, nice tequila selection, and great food.
Best Ceviche this side of the border!  Other than that, the food is solid but didn't knock my socks off.  Mole sauce is off, way too sweek and the rice is too dry.  Beans lack oomp.  Kick everything up a notch in flavor and this could easily be a 4 star place.  It's got the ambiance for it.  Now, rarely have I every seen stern service at a mex resturant but that's another reason for the 3 stars, it's like being served by a team of soldiers, militant and non-smiling, completely expressionless.  Wierd isn't it?
Sorry.  Not the best meal I've had. fairly bland.
Best enchiladas I've had around here, my favorite is the guajillo.  It loses a star because of the *ridiculously* dim lighting.  When you walk in from outside, it always takes a moment for your eyes to adjust.  I'm surprised I haven't walked into a table while trying to follow the host inside.
Why did I make it 2 years since my last visit here?  The quality of the food is great, and it proves that great Mexican food encompasses much more than tacos and burritos.  A little pricier than other mexican places, but not pricey in general for a restaurant with good food (us students think about this stuff).  Need to turn the heat up inside.
Palo Alto Sol actually deserves 4.5 stars.  I never used to crave Mexican food until I tried Palo Alto Sol  for the first time a couple of weeks ago.  I revisited for dinner tonight and was very satisfied with my meal.  Both times I ordered the burrito campesino without cheese.  The burrito is topped with a green sauce and served with rice and beans.  I'm not sure if the food is authentic, but it's certainly very tasty.  There is a bar, but I don't recall anyone sitting there on either of my visits.  Palo Alto Sol is a sit-down restaurant that is more upscale than your average taqueria, but the prices are still very reasonable for the portion-size, quality, and presentation of food (my burrito campesino and glass of diet coke came out to $15 including tax and a 15% tip). The funny thing is that I lived  on California Avenue for three years during high school but never dined at Palo Alto Sol (I didn't eat out as frequently then); I definitely feel like I missed out!!!
Their soup was good , but it ails me to spend more than 15 on an entree just because the place is decorated cute.
Start with Sopa Azteca. Then get Enchiladas al Sol (one guajillo, one mole, yum!). Or try the Rajas. Also try Fiesta del Mar in Mountain View which is run by members of the same family.
Palo Alto Sol is my all-time favorite Mexican Restaurant!  The servers are attentive and always pleasant.  I LOVE their Enchilada Chicken Chipotle!  Ummm umm!  Their rice is always good and the refried beans are great to put on the bottomless (and free) tortilla chips they provide you.  I would always ask for a side of cheese so I can top my bean, tortilla chip & salsa with cheese (another meal in itself!!)  I also love their chicken soup!  HUGE bowl, with HUGE flavor and great taste.  Whenever I'm sick, I would always walk over to there for this yummy soup!
Not a bad place; it has nice decor, but is a little overpriced for pretty standard Mexican fare.  Perhaps I am spoiled by the plethora of good, cheap Mexican joints in San Francisco.
the food here is pretty good and especially in my opinion the al sol chicken enchilada. however, i think they use too much sugar in this dish. for vegetarians the veggie burrito is ok. maybe 3 stars. my main complaint would be the chips and salsa which are pretty lame. probably the worst of the other good mexican restaurants i go to. i would say this is one of the few mexican restaurants i go to but sometimes service is a bit sketchy. the other restaurants i would check out are: 1. cafe del sol (best in bay area), 2. reposado (it's underrated bc it's pricey), 3. fiesta del mar
With the red sign/narrow storefront on California ave, you can't tell what's going on inside Palo Alto Sol.  But if you were to walk in, you'd see cute tiling, decor, a cute bar area, and you'd be tasting WONDERful food--they do the basics well here--you won't be disappointed.  Overall, it's a cozy, initmate setting.  The margarita's are pretty nice, too.
Indoor seating is close, but not uncomfortably so. Outdoor seating is perfect for a summer evening meal. Their mole sauce is amazing, and I recommend trying it on an enchilada plate. I usually get the chorizo and beans appetizer, served with corn tortillas...and then finish them off with some chips. Excellent selection of Tequilas by the glass, all very affordable. Only things I dislike are the front door...seems to always be a traffic jam at it, and the room is a little dark. But these are minor details at an otherwise delicious meal.
This is by far one of our favorite mexican restaurants.  The atmosphere is nice even though it gets a bit crowded.  The three salsas that they bring out are wonderful - especially the spicy tomatillo.  The menu is unique - I really like the Serrano and the Guajillo dishes - both excellent and flavorful.  However, everything is great.  The margharitas are great too.
The Mole is the best I've ever had. Margaritas del sol are good, too.  The food is always delicious and fresh here.  I've eaten at Palo Alto Sol for 10 years and never had a bad meal.  The waiters and staff are very nice and accommodating, too.
The food here is great! Salsas are fresh/fantastic, service is fast. I'm a huge fan of mexican food, and this is my go-to place on the peninsula. The various enchilada sauces very, very good. The only two negatives are: 1.The place is kinda small, so on a crowded night, you're really packed in. 2. There are healthy options (a great, very large mexican salad comes to mind!), but as I recall, they only offer refried beans. So if you're watching your weight or are a hardcore vegetarian/vegan, you'll have to go without them. Still, from a taste preservative, I haven't found better mexican food in the area. And the price is good too.
Great service and food
HANDS DOWN. BEST MEXICAN FOOD I EVER HAD.  let me put it this way, i dream about it, i day dream about it. I just can't have enough of it.
This is a great restaurant, as is the sister restaurant, Viva Sol located in Mountain view.  Palo Alto Sol is more buzzing, while Viva Sol is more laid back. Can't go wrong with either - good food, good service, and excellent price considering the locations.
I love this quaint restaurant.  Great food and margaritas.  I just wish that I could keep my eyebrows as immaculate as the waiters!  I get side tracked from the conversation by those eyebrows every time.  Never seen anything like it.
so-so decor and meh-meh food;  i'd rather go to Chevy's. we had the Enchiladas al Sol, Chili Relleno and Taco. i will stick with La Bamba's for quickie Burritos and Tacos, and other cuisines for something fancier.
The Best Mole ever!
my go to restaurant for any occasion. the start you out with 3 types of salsa which are all delicious. My favorite entree is the shrimp enchiladas or as them call them enchiladas de camaones  or something along those lines. It is always packed but the wait has never been very long. not sure about reservations, i am a last minute kind of guy.
Food was good. The four of us went here for dinner the other night. My husband and I each had chicken enchiladas. They were good, but nothing amazing. My mom had a salad and she said is was soggy. I liked the 3 salsa choices. Basically, I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, especially for +$13 a plate.
Food was good, close to the office.  I hear it gets crowded, glad we made it in before the rush because I don't think it's worth a long wait, but good when you are craving mexican and don't have to wait.
I'd give it 2 stars, but for Palo Alto it's better than Celia's, but mediocre for a girl who knows her Mexican food. If you want to pay a lot and get good ingredients and fusion style Mexican (don't know if I'd call it real Mexican, esp for the price), I'd try Reposado, if you're in the mood for "a cheaper" place that'll fill you up, Palo Alto Sol will do.  Salsa and margaritas are solid.  I've had the crab? enchiladas, which were ok, but nothing to remember.  Chiles rellenos and tacos the same.  The rice def needs a notch up on the flavor...
Went on a Saturday evening.  Very crowded, sat outside. I could see how the service would be much better if it wasn't crowded, however ours was pretty bad. Everything took forever, including getting the waiter out again to take our order. chips and salsa - they were ok.  Thought the salsas weren't distinctive enough and while I like spicy, the spiciness masked a lot of the taste. I like my chips a bit saltier too, although I may just have been hungry. After waiting forever and already filling up on chips/salsa due to the long ass wait, all our food came cold. catfish - came breaded, but wasn't in the description.  Super dry, flavorless, and cold. Atop some veggies in wine.  Very meh. My friend pretty much gave half of it to me and ate only the rice and beans. mole chicken enchilada and quesadilla - again, cold.  It was probably left out for at least 5 mins again.  The beans were caked over.  The quesadilla was only cheese, which I didn't know.  Chicken was super dry and flavorless.  Mole sauce tasted ok, glad it wasn't ultra sweet, but I don't get the hype considering the ingredients it is topping is not that great.  Guac was fresh.  Too much sour cream on the quesadilla.  Good refried beans and rice was ok too.  But that's about it. Tortillas were nothing special. Waiter rarely came to fill our water and we also waited 10+ mins for the bill after requesting it. (Although I guess the wait was so long I had time to check in here on Yelp :P) Overall, I had pretty high expectations since a foodie friend said this was the best Mexican place in the area.
My first impression from my first few bites of my food at Palo Alto Sol were not initially all that great, but as I kept eating more, it kept getting more delicious and I ended up cleaning every bodies' plates (and ended up needing to unbutton my pants). We had: - Enchilada with Mole Sauce: This was the only food item I did not enjoy, likely due to personal preference that I like my dinner food to taste savory and I found this mole sauce to be overwhelmingly sweet. My mom liked it though. We ordered it with grilled vegetables, which is not a listed option on the menu, but is a healthier and equally vegetarian option than the (listed) cheese. - Enchilada with Guajillo: Damn these were SO good! The sauce is savory, creamy, and has an amazing flavor. I highly recommend this sauce. - Burrito Campeano: Yummy! Thick burrito, fillings well balanced between rice & beans & veggies. The green sauce smothering the burrito was really delicious as well (would be equally good on enchiladas). - Ensalada del Sol: Standard taco salad, made extra good by Palo Alto Sol's delicious rice, sauce, and salsa's. - Rice & Beans: All the plates come with a large amount of spanish rice and refried beans. The beans are really bland, and do nothing. The rice is amazing! It has a delicious strong flavor that complements its accompanying dishes well. - Free salsa's: Super good, and it's nice that there are 3 different kinds! My favorite was the green - strong roasted tomatillo, cilantro, and onion flavors. I went through 3 dishes of this stuff. I definitely see myself returning to Palo Alto Del Sol. The online menu does not accurately reflect the menu in the restaurant (prices and options). Also, they do not take reservations for the weekend (strange).
Consistent Food; the soups are the best
Above average food, below average service.
Situated on S. California Street near the Cal train station a cozy restaurant with great service and great ambiance - be ready to be treated.  A margarita served in a goblet, Chips and salsa at the table while you decide what to eat. Unfortunately I do not have a big stomach to eat all the entire selections in the menu.  I could not make my decision so I ask how was the Plate of Mole, the response was "it is good you will like it."  I am sorry to say but the comment was a not correct the meal was "DAMN GOOD" I could go eat it repeatedly.  I can't wait to visit again..I think I will try lunch this time.....
This is part of a family of related restaurants, and happens to be my least favorite of them.  The food just wasn't as good as the sister restaurants had led me or my companions to expect.  I would recommend Vive Sol in Palo Alto or La Fiesta in Mountain View instead.  Also in Mountain View are Fiesta Del Mar and Fiesta Del Mar Too.
Solid slightly upscale Mexican.  They serve 3 different salsas to munch on (the tomatillo one is awesome).  I had some great cat-fish Tacos.  Definitely had the mood lighting going on here.
Awesome enchiladas and tortilla soup.  Little pricey.  Excellent and friendly waitstaff.
Really enjoyed our dinner here!  The waitstaff was courteous and attentive, and the chicken soup with rice was really yummy - you couldn't ask for a better combo!
I have never had better steak fajitas in my life - they are like CRACK!  Crack I tell you crack!  Extensive menu, intimate setting, and some strong margaritas to boot.
If you want truly authentic and gourmet Mexican food this is where you want to go. The Tortilla Soup is vegetarian and phenomenal as is everything else. The sauces are particularly awesome.
This place was... alright. Granted, the three salsas were delicious, but everything else was forgettable. I ordered the Rajas, a personal favorite dish when done correctly, but they weren't as tender as I'd like. Also, the chicken was a little dry. The boyfriend had the Senora, and the beef was boring and almost over cooked. Also, if you are going to offer tortillas with the specialties, at least make them fresh. Minor touch that really changes the quality of the meal.
Sol has Sopa Azteca and makes chiles rellenos the way I expect them to be made. They're a solid choice for Mexican food on California Ave, which is enough to keep me coming back when I'm not in the mood to wander far from home.
Better than average, margaritas are a plus.
"Meh" pretty accurately describes the food here. Palo Alto Sol serves perfectly adequate Mexican food that is not particularly delicious or special. The service and ambiance are perfectly adequate as well, but nothing memorable.
Good food, good service but OH! what a lousy environment. We have been frequent customers of Palo Alto Sol for many years but the absolutely surly manager there Wednesday night spells the end of our patronage there. When we entered, we were only offered the much reviled cold table by the door. Supposedly nothing else was available so we reluctantly accepted. Lo and behold, added to the frigid, jackets only temperature, we were next to a mixed M-F group of 7 obviously inebriated 20 somethings who were so loud that there shrieks and yelling to each  other about "in and out with the woman I had last night" made anything but hope for an early escape unthinkable. By the time we asked to be reseated there were other tables available but as other reviewers at this site have pointed out, asking for a table you would like to sit at is a waste of breath under the current management here. On leaving, thankfully after very quick service (I think we were only there for about 40 minutes) we spoke with the manger. I pointed out, politely I think, that we didn't wish to return if they were not willing to control unruly behavior of other guests. The manger parted with us saying that he hoped that we WOULD NOT RETURN. I'm sure we and I hope others will honor his parting gesture.
This place was solid.  Great fajitas and the chips came with three different salsas.  It was fun to try and trade off between the three.
The secret here is the sauces:  especially the Mole.  Spiced perfectly (translation:  possibly too hot for mainstream).  Great margaritas (nice tequila selection).  A bit pricey, but it's good food!
My friends and I like this place a lot and tend to keep coming back from time to time.  The lighting is dark, but comfortably so and the atmosphere is nice. The wait staff have always been really cool and friendly. Prices are slightly more than you would expect for Mexican food, but hey...it's Palo Alto....and...hey, it's be best Mexican food in the area. I recommend the mole enchiladas big time. Well done mole is hard to find, but these guys pull it off. In addition they have a nice collection of food from the Yukatan Peninsula, and if you don't want to load up on beans and rice, I can also recommend the tortilla soup with chicken. Very good IMHO. One of my good friends, from Mexico, had his birthday dinner party here and everyone thought the food was quite tasty. Muy bien, Palo Alto Sol.
This is one of my favorite restaurants on the Peninsula, and one of the two best Mexican restaurants along with Fiesta del Mar Too in Mountain View. Great atmosphere.
Great Mexican place. Awesome interior. Both Jose's that served us were great. We both had enchiladas, i got a taco and Hli got an enchilada. no complaints. you gotta try it. we were disappointed that they ran out of flan. HOW CAN YOU RUN OUT OF FLAN?! must have been reaaaaally good.
we ordered burritos here and they were HUGE! the service was great and the food was decent.  It was totally packed on a week night so go early!
I don't know if it's the most authentic place in the world, and the meats are a little bland, but I love the chips and salsa here, and I love the quesadillas.  Made with Oaxacan cheese, the quesadillas are delightful, if a bit on the small side.  The place is a bit small, and usually crowded for dinner, but in my experience, you'll never have to wait more than half an hour.
The mole burrito is really great.  I love their mole sauce.  Another stand by for me is their sopa azteca (tortilla chicken soup).  Huge bowl of tasty soup!  The service is never great but not horrible either.  But if you order one of the dishes I listed you'll enjoy the food :)
WOW!  This place is sooo good.  And the mole sauce is to die for.  This is the best place that I have been to in the South Bay so far.  HIGHLY recommended.
We went here for a friend's birthday party, it was ok. Not superb. The guajillo enchilada was good, it does not indicate on the menu whether it can be chicken/beef or pork so you have to ask. The menu is also hard to read. There are just a lot of other fantastic mexican restaurants in the area that this one does not stand out
A fine mexican place.  The enchiladas are good, but nothing is off-scale good.
Best mole ever!  If you're a big mole fan, you can't beat the sweetness of Sol.  Yes, another restaurant down the street has three or four different varieties of mole while this place only has one but for good reason.  Their mole is delectably mouthwatering. Service is pretty slow.  My chips came out wet and stale once but I'm ok with that so long as I get my mouth on that mole.
You'll drink yummy margaritas, nosh on spicy salsas and chips, and love the mole....and if you've spent any time in Palo Alto, you're sure to run into friends or would-like-to-be friends here.  It's small, the line goes out the door at prime times and it's not a hang-out bar, but PA Sol is always a good time.
cozy environment, family friendly, reasonable pricing, fresh chips. Ordered Bistec Ranchero (not sure of spelling), and it was delicious.
I don't know what happened, but I have grown disenchanted with the Chicken Serrano and consequently Palo Alto Sol.  The dish has suddenly become quite bland.  The food at Sol is still decent, but I can no longer recommend the dish I once enjoyed deeply.
I highly recommend their chicken mole.  Delicious!
This review is based on 10+ dinner experiences at Palo Alto Sol. + Great intimate atmosphere...the lighting is low and the candles on the tables are a great touch. + Food is pretty damn good, bested only slightly by its sister, Vive Sol in Mountain View. + Chips and assorted salsas here are a thoughtful touch which sets this place apart from the other Mexican restaurants I've frequented. + Beer here is thoughtfully served in chilled pint glasses...bravo! - Flour tortillas here are textureless, not warmed, and lack flavor. And they only give you two tiny tortillas with your meal...at least you can ask for more. - I found the servers to be prompt, attentive, and (sadly) gloomy both times I was here. DISH MINI REVIEWS: -Chicken serano - excellent sour-cream based sauce with chicken and onions. My favorite dish here. -Chicken enjococado - not quite as good as Vive Sol's but still great -Chicken fajitas - above average, not as good as fajitas had at Taqueria Tlaquepaque -Chicken mole poblano - tasty, although this is a mild dish which lacks zip in the spice department. These minor criticisms aside, the food is well above average, the atmosphere is wonderful, and the service is speedy.
Okay, I have upgrade this to 5 stars, just delicious. I have tried so many things on the menu and am never disappointed and never have ever left complaining about service, food or ambiance.
Step 1 - Order a pitcher of top shelf margaritas. Step 2 - Have some chips and salsa (all three... Read more 
POLLO NEGRO plus EXTRA GOAT CHEESE equals LOVE. Try it, you won't regret it!
Just went to this place in early February of 2008 and was dissapointed.  I came here for a late lunch...so you can imagine it was pretty empty, yet the service was dissapointingly slow.  I ordered #16 and #17 on the menu which were combination meals.  I asked that the enchiladas come with the ranchera sauces that had been so esteemed in earlier reviews.  Not only had the waiter mistaken my order and brought me three combination meals, he also stated that "You did not specify" when I told him I only asked for two combination meals.  What happened to customer service?  In any event, the food was mildly above average.  I will not be returning to this restaurant.
I've been a couple of times with co-workers throughout the past 2 years. It seems to be a hit with the Silicon Valley crowd, and my standard fare of the combination plate of enchiladas (one red sauce, one green sauce) with rice and beans is definitely filling, fresh, and warming to the soul. The only thing I don't really like about this place is the supremely low-lighting and the layout. There's always a crowd and a line, and there's no place to wait without being in someone's way, as tables are scattered nearly up to the front door as well as the outside tables. Also, the mirrors in the back room of the restaurant make for a strange eating experience when you and your gal pals have had one too many margaritas on the rocks (they make them strooong!) Chips and dips are also quite addicting. Definitely a place for authentic Mexican food lovers!
We love this place! Great with our kids or just us adults. The shrimp dishes are especially good, as is their take on Caesar salad. We always have a great meal at a reasonable price when we go.
I love this place! The guajillo sauce is awesome! It is creamy and the chicken is so tender! In general EVERYTHING is good if not great. Especially the margaritas which are as close to authentic as it gets. Classy and comfortable, service is usually great but they do get pretty busy.
Loved the tortilla soup, its the best! Great salsas. Good drinks. I wasn't too impressed with the mole or the chille verde here.
THE BEST MARGARITAS!  We love this place and dine here frequently.  But note that this is not a cheap taqueria.  It's a restaurant, and priced accordingly.  The enormouse Del Sol Margarita costs about $8 or $8.50 and it's worth every cent!  The servers are warm, friendly and attentive and the food is consistenly good.  Favorite menu items: nachos with chicken, Grandma's special (Pollo Guajillo or just the sauce used on an enchilada), chorizo burrito, house salad, guacamole, camarones diabla.  Yum!  And the dimly-lit atmosphere is also a plus.
Best enchiladas ever! OMG so awesome. Awesome. Awesome. Awesome. I have been here twice already and I'm always wanting to go back everyday. I always get the enchiladas al sol. Which is 2 enchiladas, one with guajillo sauce and one with mole. OMG so good. I inhale my plate, curse the fact that I didnt wear stretchier pant,s and sigh that good sigh of "damn I ate too much. But can I do it again?". There is actually a local one in MV. (had no idea...so slow on the uptake huh?). So I might try that one too. Will save on gas if it's just as good.
Palo Alto Sol is a wonderful authentic Mexican food spot. The Serrano dish is a perfect blend of creamy and spicy. I'd like them to add a little more light to the restaurant, but it makes for a cozy dining experience. When crowded, I go to their sister restaurant in Mountain View (Viva Sol).
Best mole poblano in the bay area, as far as I know.  I have been ordering it everywhere I can find it for the last three years and I have not found any place that compares.  I bring guests here and they are always happy with it. 4 stars because the service is just average rather than amazingly awesome, like the food is. I don't know how good the things other than the mole poblano are because I have never ordered them because I cannot resist the mole poblano.  That is how good it is.  Supposedly the guajillo is good too.
Been frequenting the restaurants in the Cal Ave. area a lot recently, so one night we were randomly deciding which restaurant we wanted to try next.... Glad we went here!!! Whenever we're craving Mexican, this has become our first choice. Try the Pollo Guajillo and Pollo Negro... DELICIOUS!!! Their margaritas are pretty good too... and strong!
I was actually looking forward to trying this place out based on some of the reviews I've read on yelp. Sadly, I was let down. Now its not the worst Ive had in California, but it's definitely not the best as some may have claimed. I went on  a Friday night, so there was about a 15 minute wait, no big deal...we just found an open spot at the bar and ordered a few drinks. The decor of the place is very nice, reminds me a bit of a place I would go to in Tucson. So up until then I would have rated a 4, but the food was another story. I ordered a Chile relleno and a chicken enchilada. Rellenos are one of my favorite foods, this was just not that good....at all. The chicken enchilada was filled with white meat (which is good), but it was dry. I got more of a kick out of dipping my chips into my rice/beans. So, its not like I would be completely adverse to coming back here, I just know It wont be because of any cravings I'm having.
Very good food, but disappointing drinks!!! --- DRINKS:  House margarita (awful) FOOD:  Chipotle enchiladas (excellent) SERVICE:  Forgot about us for 20 minutes, no comp (bad) PRICE:  (not bad) AMBIANCE:  (excellent) --- I met up last night with friends, and arrived early.  Hoping to bide some time, I tried the house margarita while waiting at the bar. It was AWFUL!  Literally bottom-shelf tequila mixed with store-bought sour mix.  DO YOURSELF A FAVOR and spend the extra $2 for fresh-squeezed limes and top-shelf liquor. The servers also forgot about us for about 20-25 minutes, and gave us no discount on the bill.  Whatever. Other than that, the experience was great.  I had the "chipotle enchiladas", served with refried beans and spanish rice, all of which were excellent. I think I dropped something like $30 on dinner, which included a crappy margarita, a Negro Modelo bottled beer, and the entree.
Great sit down Mexican place. It can be busy for dinner, but worth the wait. The chips and three salsas they give you to start are delicious. All the mole sauces are great too. Margaritas are also delish.
I ordered the Camarones Diabla.  It was spicy and delicious. My only complaint?  The sign by the door says they open at 11, and when we went at 11:18, the door was still latched closed.
Excellent enchiladas. Pricy-ish but a definite step above Celia's/Holas.
Great food!  I've been several times and love the Enchiladas al Sol, it's a great combination!  They bring 3 different salsas with the chips which are all great and I always leave stuffed!  The wait can be long, but the staff are very friendly and overall it's a very fun atmosphere. Overall: great food, great atmosphere, and very reasonable prices!
Went here one day for lunch because I was craving Mexican food. This place satisfied my food cravings for the day.   I had a tasty carne asada burrito. That alone deserves a few stars. I won't give it five stars because I feel like five stars belongs to the "best mexican food ever" and I don't know if this is quite there.  But to be honest it's good, real good.
Amazing food! Must try the  guajillo sauce, I was a little skeptical at first. I fell in Love with it! The margaritas are amazing also!
Great Mole! Travel all over the country and this local spot is my fav.
Its all about the sauces at this place. Really really fine stuff: the nuevas, the guajillo, the mole. The enchiladas plates are divine. Everything at Sol is great, but the sauces (and salsas) are truly special. I love this place, excellent wait-staff, its one of the things that makes my daily commute from SF worth it. I've actually been known to eat at Sol twice in one day. A plate of Enchiladas al Sol, a couple of their nicely made margaritas, followed by a pitcher or two or three at Antonio's Nuthouse across the street then a cab ride back to work and you have the perfect lunch.
Stopped by for a quick dinner, enchiladas and tacos ... I was not impressed.  Standard Mexican fare that was about $5/plate too expensive for what we got.  Carne asada was rather tough (maybe some people like it that way; I don't) though spiced well. As another reviewer pointed out, the menu is next to impossible to read.  Service was good enough - though the waiters were hard to flag down, they were prompt and attentive. Nothing outright wrong about Palo Alto Sol - it's just too expensive for what we got.
My most favorite mexican restaurant. Their menu is not the easiest to read and so it took me a couple of attempts to narrow down what I like there. I am a vegetarian who loves spicy food. i absolutely love their Enchiladas stuffed with Spinach with Chipotle sauce. Also, vegetarian burrito with Guajillo sauce is fabulous. The 3 salsas that they bring out at the start are out of this worldly! If you want a slightly more upscale seating with the same food try out the sister restaurant in Mountain View called Vive Sol.
For starters we waited an hour for a table when we should have waited about 20 minutes due to a couple of queuing mistakes by the manager.  When confronted with this the manager was super cool and got us a free appetizer (guacamole + chips = quite good) so no hard feelings there.  I do recommend waiting for your table at the bar if you can find a place to avoid losing your place in line. The Sol Margarita was 8/10 for $8.50, a good value but not great.  There were a variety of choices of sauces for the enchiladas and the two that we tried were quite good (Chipotle and the green sauce).  The chile relleno was pretty much standard as were the side of rice and beans.  Overall it's a good mexican restaurant but it's a bit pricy.  For us it averaged about $25 per person for a margarita and entree, not including tip.
I enjoy this restaurant. I am a vegetarian, my other half is not, we are each able to find delicious menu items.  Granted, there are not a ton of vegetarian dishes to choose from but each one I have had has been delightful.  The food is ridiculously fresh. It isn't a cheap night out but it is a fairly reasonably priced meal.  I never catch happy hour which is sad but I can report that the margaritas are YUMMY!
This is the best mexican restaurant that is Friday nigth material in the area.  Otherwise, you have to go to SF, imho.  The food is good, it is busy, service is ok - they are always in a rush, margs. are great.  I like the festive decor.  Sister restaurants in mtn view and menlo park area also good but the menlo park one has no margs!
I had the enchiladas and chili relleno.  The enchilada with mole sauce was tasty, but the chili relleno had a strange texture that I didn't care for.  Neither was anything to write home about.  I did, however, love the beans!! The ambiance here is nice, and there are several tables for outside seating.  The prices were higher than what I like to pay for Mexican, though, which is why this place gets only 2 stars instead of 3.  The ambiance wasn't THAT nice to warrant the high prices, and neither was the food.
I love this place!  They are by far my favorite mexican restaurant and have failed to disappoint any friends I've brought here.  Favorites are as follows.... 1. Any chicken enchilada (yes i've tried the other meats, but I like the way their chicken tastes best in these) - faves are verdes and nuevas. 2. Nachos with carne asada - mmmmm 3. Carnitas quesadilla 4. Tortilla soup (theirs is actually called something else, but if you look at the ingredients you'll see) - it's HUGE I haven't gotten to try it all, but I have pretty much loved all I've tried! Not so much on the seafood enchiladas.  They are not a seafood place, so take that into account when you order. Can't wait to go back!
I didn't realize I like enchiladas that much until I had the Guajillo Enchiladas!!!!! (5 exclamation marks) RF and I were on a journey of AMEX dining because Mr. F needs to collect AMEX points. We came to Palo Alto Sol because they accept AMEX. As we sat and contemplating whether to get the chips and $8.25 guacamole, the server severed up a basket of  crispy chips with three different salsas.  We munched on the chip while we sipped on their (really really good) house margarita and having a grand old time.  I ordered the Guajillo and RF ordered the Serrano steak.  We finished the basket of chips and technically I should be half full but then came the Guajillo...thick orange sour cream sauce with the right amount of Guajillo chili and herb.  My half full stomach was awaken upon the first bite of this remarkable dish. At that point I could not stop eating. It was so good that I reluctant to give RF a taste. I am usually ok with Mexican food; I do not love or hate Mexican food but this dish makes me fall in love with the cuisine. I will definitely come back for more.
I had the tacos and they were so good. The mexican rice is so very good, I asked the owner for the recipe but he would not give it up. They are a little price but worth it. My only complaint about this place is it is too small.
I generally like to order something different each time I return to a restaurant. But in the case of Sol, the Mole is just too good to consider anything else!
Not a place for kids.  We and another family dined at Palo Alto Sol with 3 children.  When we got up to leave the manager mentioned that my 1-year old made too much of a mess, and then told us that he doesn't need messy customers - essentially saying that diners' children are not welcome here!
An outdoor table on a 70 degree eve is worthy of at least a star, maybe two. We snagged this 'round sunset and i won't complain on ambiance. Soon 'nuff there were hoards (kay, bout 10 peeps, but for the 'burbs, that's a hoard friends!) waiting to be seating, so we felt the good fortune. And while i'll not cry over a repeat performance of their Guacamole, nothing else really stood out to me. The chips were good, but the 3 styles of salsa were all pretty mediocore, none too spiced, and certainly too limited in supply of both garlic and cilantro. They were out of the ceviche, which we were both hankering for, and the Sopa was mostly salty in lieu of savory. The fella had fajitas, and while tortillas got high marks, the rest was more of a shrug. The margarita was decent, but again, nothing to stand it out.. Think on Cali Ave i'll stay w/ cuban down the street: at least fresh raw fish and mojitos w/ attitude (aka fresh fruit n mint) are an assured commodity.
i've only had chips and salsa and margaritas here, but the del sol margarita is tasty.  i like their choice of salsas too, which are pretty spicy, even for my taste!
The margaritas were good but the food was awful. Seriously, the food sucked. Believe me.
Menu says fajitas are grilled. Their fajitas are fried to death and served in a vat of oil with no seasoning. I got tired of waiting 20 minutes for a waiter to come collect my check so I took it inside. No black bean option. What a shitty restaurant.
Just took a friend to Sol and I gotta say - I'm sorely disappointed. I had the Burrito Chorizo, and it just plain lacks. The refried beans are runny, the rice, just ok and the burrito was so blah. The tortilla is thicker than the fillings - which is pathetic. The chorizo is cut up like hot dog slices... yuck! So... yeah I've DEFINITELY had better Mexican food...
We went with a group of 10 last night.  8 of 10 arrived at 5:40 pm and were told that we could be seated together.  They then changed their mind & told that we had to split the party into two tables.  (Members of our party had been their before with a table of 10) Their logic didn't make sense, but we sat at two tables and ordered our dinner.  The food was ok - less than amazing.  At 7, the waiter presented the check.  We asked if we could have dessert -- and were told that there was a waiting list for the table and we would have to leave.  I have never had a restaurant experience quite so inadequate -- get your Mexican food elsewhere.  Even the service at Chevy's beats this.
I had the camarones a la diabla.  Traditionally this dish is prepared in a paste type sauce with a very sweet yet extremely spicy finish.  Here at Sol they brought out my shrimp in a butter saute with onions, of course the shrimp and loaded with crushed red peppers (usually used on my pizza).  The shrimp was nice and plump, but who in there right mind prepares a la diabla like this.  Extremely disappointed and will not return.
It's a small venue and it's always full by 12:05pm but the food is great. There are a few outdoor tables and on a nice day you can sit outside. The inside feels a bit cramped, like a taqueria might. If you like spicy, try the shrimp diablo. I thought I was going to die.
I don't understand the general overwhelming infatuation with this place. The food here is ok, but not exactly memorable. I always feel really stuffed after eating here, which probably means the food wasn't exactly great for me. I found the seating to be a little uncomfortable, and the menu is really hard to read. If I find myself on California Ave, I'd probably just go the counter or Joanie's across the street.
Went back and had the chicken mole. It was amazing. Came with rice, beans, tortilla, salsa, chips...but the mole itself was just indescribable.The best mole I've ever had, though I can't really claim to be a mole expert. I remember it was quite expensive (forgot how much exactly), but it felt worth it and I've been craving it since then. Too bad I've recently become too lazy to leave Stanford campus. :(
Good. Came here with friends for dinner. I got the Carne Asada Burrito. Definitely a burrito done... Read more 
OMG...what happened.  The food...the Service ugh!  I hadn't been here in close to two years and the last time the food was delish.  I took a friend there who has just started working in the area.  I told her this place and great Mexican food.  At no point during the meal did either of us mention the food quality.  Normally we are ranting and raving and sharing food from the others plate, not today and not here.  We asked for "Ice Water" we got just water in dirty glasses.  I can over look an old scratched up glass but this had lint and food particles stuck to the outside with some floaters in the water.  I noticed that the sodas being served to other patrons were coming in the can.  So I order a Diet Coke and my friend a Sprite.  Before she could say anything the waiter was pouring her soda in a dirty looking glass.  She told him that was fine.  I quickly said "I'll have the can" and put my straw in and sipped away.  Sadly the Diet Coke was the best part of the meal.  I was truly disappointed.
A long time favorite of mine, dating back to my college days.  Palo Alto Sol is part of a family run chain including La Fiesta, Fiesta Del Mar, etc.    The people running the restaurants do a fantastic job making memorable margaritas.    There are only a few mexican restaurants that give tequilla the respect it deserves, and this is one of them.   The mole sauce (as with the other restaurants in the family) is fantastic, if not entirely authentic -- but then neither are the fancy margaritas.    Mexican food is about doing more with less, and filling up the hungry at the end of a long day -- the palo alto sol and la fiesta folks take that a step further -- fresh chips, fresh salsa, beans, and rice are executed perfectly with every meal.  That type of consistency has to be appreciated, no matter how simple the ingredients.    This is why I still go there, even after many years -- a family run restaurant will always outdo any of the large chains or big business restaurants, and a family run Mexican restaurant can become an institution. Keep your eye out for the mole enchiladas -- one of their signature dishes, but everything on the menu is good.
I'm reducing a star, because although the food is great, the service isn't always so great - specifically the turn around time for things like taking your order (or drink order for that matter). I don't mind waiting for good food and drinks to be made, but when it takes 10+ minutes for someone to acknowledge your presence and get the drink order going, it can put a damper on the experience. This same thing occurred the last 2 times we were here; once was right when they opened and it wasn't even crowded.
I love this place. Maybe it's the amazing (and strong) margarita talking, but oh my god, this place... Read more 
Fantastic!  The food was awesome and the service was quick.  I walked in for take-out, and it took about 5 minutes on a Friday evening.
Mmmmnnn, this is probably my favorite restaurant in the world! Delicious cheese enchiladas, all the sauces are amazing. I haven't samples most of the menu, being vegetarian, but friends I have brought along all say their dishes are excellent. the mole sauce is superb, but my favorite is the chipotle sauce. Fresh chips and the best salsa ever, all you want. Fresh brewed iced tea and a huge selection of tequilas. The staff are so nice and friendly and I like the dimly lit cozy atmosphere.
I love Mexican food, but this place just isn't my favorite.  Nothing is "bad" about it, but nothing is really good. I have yet to have a meal that I have just loved.  The guacamole serving is generous and the service is good, but the rest of the food I've had (on the 4 occasions I've tried it,) has only been okay. Like I said, I love Mexican and this is only of the only sit-down Mexican places in the area, so I'll probably go back, but just won't be too excited about it.
Probably the best Mexican place in Palo Alto (as a million reviews have already informed you). If you can, sit outside because this part of California Avenue is beautiful in the afternoons with occasional spurts of people strolling by. I've only been here once and I had the chicken quesadillas and they were delicious. The portions are large, more than one person could eat. Definitely dine here.
Best authentic Mexican food in the Area!  Very "Mexico City" style with hearty sauces and dishes.  The Guajillo sauce is incredible on enchiladas.  The service is hit or miss depending on the crowd which is the only reason preventing the fifth star.  No substitute for Mexican!
One word to describe this place, mediocre. The chips were stale, the sauces were bland, and the beans and rice were terrible. Maybe because I grew up in Southern California, but this place is the worst mexican food I have had and I have eaten Mexican food my whole life. Service also wasn't  very good and the prices are absurd for the stuff they bring you.
You know, I used to love this place, but I think it's gone downhill.  The Pollo Negro was so salty the last two times I got it.  And the other straight ahead mexican fare is pretty boring.  There is NO catering to kids except that they have highchairs, yet there are many familes that eat there, especially on the early did.  We started to go to Los Charros in Mountain View because we could get out of there for half the cost and I think it tastes a lot better.  Perhaps it just tastes worse because it's a better value?  You can do better elsewhere for the cost.  Sad because we've been going there since 2000 and miss what it used to be.
The restaurant was full and bustling but we were seated almost immediately. The food came super duper fast! Really tasty, and enough for lunch tomorrow. We will be back!
this place is just right - the food is good & the people are sweet & the price is just right.  we've only had lunch here but it's always been good.  never been disappointed so why only 4 stars?  i haven't had anything on the menu that wows me but that isn't going to stop me from going back & maybe i'll upgrade it in time. this place hits the spot, though.
It's usually a good sign when you pick up the menu and are almost overwhelmed with delicious looking choices, and I wasn't disappointed.  I had one of the camarones dishes (can't remember the name - it wasn't the Diabla, Sol, or Mulata so the other one ...) My grilled shrimp dish was similiar to the Diabla, but my friend ordered the Diabla and my dish was definitely the better of the two.  It was delicious, and a perfect place to get together with friends after work.  I'd definitely come back to try other dishes.
Huge portions, probably why this place is always full. The Milanese is fantastic but you'll feel like its time for a nap after having it. The soups are really good too and again they come in very large soup bowls.
i normally don't like adding my measly opinion to a place that's been yelped fo' evah, but i thought i'd say that while the food is really good, i found it odd that with ten, yes TEN, servers working on a monday night, i had to ask for my check after our table was cleared 20 minutes before and ask again for my receipt 15 minutes after they took my credit card! no one ever came by to check on us during our meal, but those ten guys were sure hoppin' around other tables like no one's business. i hate makin' a deal of stuff like this, but if you're jumpin' hoops for your other customers, i expect the same treatment. especially if you have such a large staff working. while we liked the food, i was so turned off by being ignored, that we won't be back.
The service was fast and the food was pretty good.  It was very crowded and kind of dark in there.  It is more for people who make good money and not really an every day place to go if one is on a budget and eats out for lunch everyday.  Celias is much nicer in my opinion and I get more for my money.  Nonetheless, I'll probably go back once in a while.
