Their old location was next to my credit union, it looked rundown and when I'd get out of my car to go into the bank it smelled of rancid oil - what a difference in their new location - very nice, open, bright, CLEAN restaurant.  The staff was welcoming. We were really hungry and ordered:   Potstickers, BBQ Pork Bun (3), Half order of Peking Duck, Walnut Shrimp and a small steamed white rice.    He's a huge fan of potstickers, and I usually have one or two and he eats the rest - this time, I said "you better finish them before I go back for more!" I think they were the best potstickers I'd ever had in my life - browned, but not too much on the bottom, not super thick dough, flavorful inside.  The pork buns were very good too.    Oddly enough, the thing we came in for, the duck was our least favorite. Now, I've only had Peking Duck once before, at Dim Sum at Su Hong's on El Camino in Palo Alto and it was served with doughy pancakes about 3" in diameter - our duck came and we both looked at each other like "that's IT?"   There were about 9-10 VERY thinly slices of duck - I'd be willing to bet if I'd taken them and reassembled them, I'd have something about the size of a QUAIL.   The pancakes were the kind you get with Mu Su, so we were left with a very large pancake with a small amount of duck to put in it!  We didn't even use 2 of them.  For $15, not worth it IMO. My husband wanted to order the Walnut Shrimp because he'd had this while visiting his sister - I dunno, candied style walnuts and shrimp just don't seem to go together to me, but I tried them - still not a fan, but the shrimp was in some kind of thin, tempura type batter, not overly breaded at all, and perfectly cooked - moist and flavorful. We will definately go back, I just won't be ordering the duck.  Thinking about this, I may have to go back to Su Hong's and try their whole duck ($32) and see the difference!
I had been to the old location two or three times in the past and decided to give it another try at the new location. This place is average at best, esp. given how much they are charging. Well, I should have expected this, cos it was the same at their old location. Peking Duck was good, but the other dishes (like fried rice) were pretty average. The decor was great and the chair were comfy. Service was reasonable but it took a while for our food to arrive. It was also kind of difficult to get to the bathroom, since they had this large table blocking the path. Will I come back again? Probably not.
Came here with a friend after work to grab a quick bite.  The food was pretty good, but when we ordered a half peking duck (we figured it was their specialty) we were a bit disappointed by the plate we got.  Maybe I just assumed ducks were bigger than they actually are, but the peking duck (while still delicious) was mostly skin with only some meat on it.  We half expected them to bring the meat on a separate plate, but it never happened. Anyway, besides being smaller than we had expected, the servers were nice, but a bit slow.  We had to wave them over for each step of the process (ordering, letting them know we were done with the meal, getting a check, taking the check away) which I normally might expect, but when we were one of two tables at the restaurant at the time I would think this might happen a bit faster. Overall, the food was pretty good if a bit small, and I'd probably come back sometime to try some of their other dishes.
Dropping my review of Peking Duck down to two stars after coming to eat dinner here with three friends (my previous review was based only off a takeout order). I had recommended Peking Duck to my friends, but something had changed between the last time I was there (for takeout) and this night. Not only was service rather lackluster (we waited a long time after being seated before anyone offered any type of service), but the food was bland. The tofu and eggplant dishes that I tried were salty rather than flavorful, and my friend complained that the meat dishes we ordered tasted nothing like they should. As a vegetarian, I can't vouch for the meat dishes, but I was certainly disappointed with our dinner here, especially after my previous positive experience with Peking Duck.
Dropped by Peking Duck for a takeout lunch today - I asked the server whether the "braised fried... Read more 
The mongolian beef dish was appetizing.  The meat was tender and juicy.  The place has a very comfortable family chinese restaurant feel.
I was pleasantly surprised by Peking Duck, and would definitely go back again.  We tried the old location on El Camino, and it wasn't bad, but given a choice, we generally go to Fu La Mum and less frequently, Hong Kong Restaurant (more for take-out).  But it gets *boring* going to the same places for every family occasion, and we decided to branch out.  After reading the reviews on Yelp, we decided to try it for ourselves, and we were not disappointed!  We had the "Joy Luck" banquet dinner, which included two appetizers (cold jellyfish/beef plate, snow pea soup - both were very good!), five entrees.  The star of the show was, of course, the peking duck. It was excellent, and we're very picky about our peking duck. I like that they ask whether you want flour wraps or steamed buns to go with it.  The shrimp-mango dish was a very nice riff off the traditional "walnut honey shrimp" and had loads of fresh veggies.  And I was thrilled to see tapioca soup with cantaloupe for dessert (traditionally honeydew but I think it just depends on the restaurant, and what's available).  I don't know if they offer dim sum, but will update if we try it!
Peking Duck is an institution and occupied a prime spot on El Camino Real near Stanford University for many years.  I always thought it was a bit under-rated with several solid dishes (Peking Duck three ways and e-fu noodles) and a very dilapidated interior (envision patches on the ceilings, marks on the walls). A few years ago, they moved to their current location on S. California Avenue.  Interestingly, the prior restaurant there, Jade Palace, was another Chinese place I had liked, especially for their winter melon soup that you had to preorder.  Both Peking Duck and Jade Palace were restaurants I had also gone to for banquet dinners. The last twist was that when Peking Duck moved to the new spot formerly occupied by Jade Palace, they kept both names for the longest time.  I'm not sure if it was a joint venture or if one had taken over the other, but recently it appears that the Peking Duck name has become more prominent. Given my long absence, I thought I'd stop by and see which if the former restaurants it would be most reminiscent.  Sadly, the old El Camino location is now a Panda Express and this neighborhood Chinese spot has been relegated to a location that is much less visible to traffic and harder to find. Fortunately, the interior is an upgrade with high ceilings and features significant improvements compared to the old El Camino spot. Nice wall decor/paintings and flowing tapestries give it a nice ambiance. It was good to see the restaurant more full than I had seen it when it was Jade Restaurant.  We were seated quickly though and given several menus. This is where I had some reminders of the old Peking Duck.  The menus looked strikingly similar to the menus at the old location, not only in content but actual quality. A opaque plastic cover contained type written pages that were really low quality.  A second menu (the old Jade menu?) in an entirely different color and font was also given to us and finally a third beverage menu.  Not to be nit-picky, but the old Peking Duck menus are in bad shape.  I'm sure they could do a quick Kinko's job and really match the interior much better.  A small thing, but a detail worth considering.  Sorta like those patches on the walls of their old location they ignored for years. Peking Duck - we opted for a half order and a nice selection of duck skin and meat was served pre-sliced with thin paper pancake wraps.  I think you can get buns for an extra cost.  Usually I like ordering a whole duck just cause you can watch them carve it for you. Steamed Tofu with Virginia ham and Gai Lan - the ham was tasty but the dish had minimal sauce.  The tofu was also cold despite being steamed. Sauteed pea sprouts with garlic - a favorite dish of the night.  Very fresh and very tasty. Overall, Peking Duck was a solid meal. Their new location is nicer, but more off the beaten path.  The menus are dilapidated but some dishes can still be good.  It's not a bad place to get Peking Duck and the prices are reasonable. Peking Duck accepts all credit cards, including American Express
Peking Duck will always have a special place given the history, but today, it finally came through... Read more 
Also known as Jade Palace Restaurant Best Chinese restaurant I've found in Palo Alto, specializes in Beijing-style Mandarin food.  It's a bit hidden, but it's worth the hunt. Great for large groups and dim sum.
Merged with Jade Palace for a couple years (new name is Peking Duck) but similar menu still. We got this delicious chicken with egg whites dish, a tofu skin with vegetables dish (recommended by the waiter), and a crab homemade noodle. All were good but the chicken with egg was definitely my favorite by far. The homemade noodles were al dente and yummy but I think I would've liked a different sauce. Prices very reasonable especially considering the dishes were huge for 3 people and we ended up taking 2 full boxes home (they separated the 3 dishes into 2 bento-style plastic boxes with rice, making for a perfect lunch the next day!). Service is way too good for a Chinese restaurant, but thankfully the food is still good despite the good service (the general rule of Chinese restaurants is: bad service/unclean restaurant = excellent food...great service and beautiful restaurant = nasty unauthentic food).
This restaurant was located on the Southwest corner of Cambridge and El Camino Real for many years.  About two or three years ago they moved to their current address at the other end of California near the train station in the courtyard of a commercial building.  They took the place of another Chinese restaurant named "Jade East".  They have only recently taken the "Jade East" sign down from the outside of the building.  Another sign above the actual restaurant in the courtyard has always been Peking Duck. About the food: It is great!  Obviously most people order the Peking duck, but they have a very extensive menu.  Everything I have tried, I have liked.  I especially enjoyed the Mock Duck and the deep fried shrimp basted in honey and walnuts.  As for the Peking Duck; well I have been to Peking (Bejing) and the preparation is exactly the same.  The sauce served here is slightly sweeter than what I had in Bejing.  The people who ran the restaurant in Bejing knew about this place too. For what it is worth, a lot of Chinese people eat here too -  which is always a good sign in a Chinese restaurant.
Ordered to go for dinner, called in and was ready in about 15 minutes. Pork chow fun- the thick rice noodles, came with bean sprouts, pork and noodles. Very bland, added their hot sauce which wasn't spicy at all either. I had to go back and ask for soy sauce to flavor it up. Prawns with honey walnuts(honey walnut shrimp)- their bet dish of the night, had all the right favors, very good. Broccoli with assorted mushrooms- steamed broccoli with oyster mushrooms etc, not well seasoned either, pretty bland. Overall, they just need to add more salt or something, too light on the oyster sauce and soy sauce here. I'm afraid to see how their duck turns out... I'll probably be back to try some other dishes. Just ask for soy sauce!
My boyfriend's family loves coming here for their little holiday reunions. Prices are quite fair for the food, fanciness, and location. Food is generally pretty good but it can be quite salty. Peking duck here is really delicious. I normally don't like the skin but I can eat it here because there's not as much fat. Instead of a bun, they use a tortilla-like wrap but it's still yummy! The only thing I don't like about this place is that there's always something small floating in my water... makes me question the cleanliness. Nonetheless, it's a decent place.
The first time I went here, I went for dinner with a group of 14 friends and the service was impeccable!  They were very attentive to us and the orders arrived very quickly, despite the large number of dishes.  It was my first time having authentic Chinese cuisine like scallion pancakes and all that.  I was blown away by the taste and my friends who were could tell whether the cuisine was authentic or not raved about it and said it was exactly like how you'd get it in China.  All of the dishes were delicious. The second time I went with my family.  We had the honey walnut shrimp, won ton soup, fried fish, and one other dish that I've forgotten about except that it was extremely salty.  The shrimp was sweet as expected, but very oily, while the soup was lacking in flavor and the fried fish was plain -- I had to ask for vinegar to go with it.  Then the other dish was too salty.  I wasn't happy with the taste of the dishes this second time, so I don't know if I was just really hungry the first time or if the taste was off this second time (I ordered the honey walnut and won ton soup the first time also).
Had a nice lunch with friends and family at the Peking Duck Restaurant. I really like the lobsters and the honey shrimp & walnut. The spicy beef was very good too. I will definitely go back to this restaurant.
Ah, a Palo Alto icon.  No place else to get good Chinese duck dishes in PA!  I suggest you take it to go, drive your little self over to one of the wineries on top of mountains and pull up a picnic bench with a good glass of red and that tasty duck!  There's nothing like it on a warm, spring day.
Decent I guess. Peking duck is pretty good
Duck is fantastic and so was the salted fish with chicken and tofu hot pot.
I liked the taste but they need to care more about cleanness of their restaurant.
I have been coming to this place since I was a fetus. Literally, because my parents first started coming here around the time my mother was pregnant with baby me in her uterus. I'm 22 now, so we've been coming here for a while. Every time we come here, my parents and I always order the same food. Every. Time. And every time, the food tastes exactly the same. Even though they have moved locations, and even though the staff has changed, the food at this restaurant remains consistent and I appreciate that. Coming to this place is comfortable and nice, and all the staff here speaks perfect English which is a huge plus. This is what my family always orders: Deep fried tofu with peanuts - http://bomb.org/asm . THE best fried tofu I've ever eaten, and I've tried it at a lot of places. It's so simple, yet so flavorful. No sauce needed. Simply amazing. Minced duck served in lettuce cups - The mixture of duck and water chestnuts they serve is perfect. Not overly greasy like most places. Whole Peking duck - Umm, hello?!? The restaurant is named after the damn dish! I think it speaks for itself. Bombbbbb. Home made spicy beef noodle stew - They make their own noodles for this bad boy. So flavorful and delicious. Bottom line, I love this place.
We used to eat at the Peking Duck on El Camino.  I'm so glad that we found where they moved to!! The Peking Duck is the best I've had in the Bay Area.  Our other favourite appetizer is the deep fried asparagus.... oh, so good.
I haven't found a place for peking duck in the Bay Area that's as good as the duck in Beijing, but this is about as good as it gets here, in terms of what I've found so far.  They moved from their previous El Camino location, though, to California Ave (and are now named both Jade Palace + Peking Duck Restaurant - confusing, I know).  It can be kind of hard to spot if you don't know what you're looking for. Definitely get the duck here with the standard wraps + hoisin sauce + scallions.  They have a huge menu with a plethora of food choices (which can be a bit confusing).  Other than the duck, I'd recommend some of the a la carte dim sum items during lunch.
The Tea Duck was excellent! Other food was good too. I enjoyed the steamed veggies, the steamed California sea bass was good, could use a little more taste.
a decent chinese restaurant in downtown palo alto, which is not a place that specializes in chinese food, northern chinese food, not cantonese
They moved to a new location about a year ago and it took me awhile to find them again and I'm glad I was able to. I have to say, I love this location better since the other one was just ready to fall apart, plus, there's more room here.The only difficulty is parking, California Av gets crazy during lunch but even that has not stopped me from coming here. They have the same Staff I've known forever and it's nice to know they kept consistent on service and great food. Servings are large and the quality is great and fresh each time. I haven't been disappointed yet. Will keep coming back here. Good job guys.
Nice variety of lunch menus at decent prices. You can't go wrong with Peking Duck. Try the Beef with... Read more 
I was so sad when I noticed the Peking Duck on El Camino had closed and been replaced with a poopy Panda Express.  This Chinese restaurant was my absolute favorite, and so close to where I lived on the south side of Stanford campus that I probably frequented it far more than my fair share back in the day.  To this day, I still remember it as having the BEST chow mein EVER!  I'm so stoked to see it's alive and well in a new location and will definitely stop in the next time I'm in town.
Surprises? You got it. I came here upon a Saturday night craving decent Peking duck. Why not go to the namesake, Peking Duck? Brilliant idea there. Doing my homework, I knew that decor wasn't anything to be expected. There's no doubt about it, this place needs a big makeover. But, if you can bypass the mess, and skip seeing the majority of dirtyness with the holes in the walls, water damaged ceilings, and the kitschy plastic dragonflies and butterflies on the curtains, there's solid food to be found here. The crew here made the best of it. It was very comfortable (homely?), like we were dining in a family restaurant. The staff handled little toddlers very well, as they let the toddlers roam the restaurant with the parent's careful watch (half the restaurant was empty - the toddler roamed the empty side). Ordered 3 dishes. Needless to say, I was extremely surprised with the execution of these three dishes. 1. West Lake Beef Soup (Xi hu niu rou gen) Wow. What a good pick - 1 for 1. This rivaled some of the best ones I have had elsewhere. Soup was piping hot, egg "curds" were well separated, beef was sufficiently tender. The broth was excellent, not overly salty, but super flavorful. I'm wondering if they use the duck bones from all the roast ducks for stock base. Add in a good amount of cilantro, and you have a really really good soup. 2. Whole Peking Duck 2 for 2. Again, doing some homework, I was mainly concerned of the quality of the duck if it was a half duck, pre-cut, and brought out without knowing where the duck pieces came from. So me and my girlfriend decided to order a whole duck. Another good decision. Duck was brought out to us, slightly smaller, but looked sufficiently good. One of the chefs came out, and sliced it with the skin and fat and meat all together. The best parts were the tail portions, with really fatty meat, a good amount of fat, and crispy skin. Buo bing (crepes?) were decently steamed for the first few, though the last few ended up sticking to the bamboo steamer. 3. Chicken Chow Fun with Black bean sauce and Bell Peppers. My girlfriend ordered this one, and I was a bit concerned. I'm not sure I'd like it. But I did like it. Surprisingly good job with this one. Good flavor, tender chicken. I'll take a 3 for 3 on this one. 4.5 stars - rounding up to a solid 5, partially due to surprise of how good the food was. Again, -.5 for the decor, but I'm forgiving, as long as I'm fed. I'm definitely going to be back more.
This was a miss for me. Half Peking Duck Ala Carte $12.95 Already sliced into pieces with cucumbers and shredded green onions this was a good presentation.    They had already removed the legs, wings, bones, beak, flippers, and kept the butt part (the most sinful part).     It tasted very similar to Ranch 99 duck.   I was disappointed because of the fact that I could have just spent the equal amount of money at Ranch 99 for a whole duck.    At this visit, I ate all nine pieces of duck (It felt like I had 1/4 of the duck).  I should have taken my co-worker's advice - skip it.    Their house duck sauce and flour tortillas didn't even help this dish to a righteous level. Soup of the Day (included) One tiny bowl of vegetable soup:   tomatoes, onions, celery, peas, cabbage, and a hint of lime.    It wasn't bland.  It was just wrong to serve a big guy a tea cup of soup. Fried Wonton Appetizer (included) One deep fried wonton that was filled with greens on one big plate.    It was the size of a 3.5 floppy diskette.    Okay, did I do something wrong here?    Why the punishment?  Kick down at least three or four wontons! Total Bill:   $19.10 ($12.95 for the duck, plus tax, and $4.00 tip)   I felt bad for my Spanish speaking waiter because he was the only one serving the restaurant.   Yes, you read correctly...   Spanish speaking waiter at a Chinese restaurant.  One star for the hard working waiter. Notes for the first timers: There is no Peking Duck rice plate here.   You have to order the half or whole.     Since there's no Ranch 99 in Palo Alto, this is the local stop to dine for the delicious duck.  Please don't get me wrong.  The duck is succulent here.  Its just not fairly priced for the portions. Why missing four stars? Although the dining furniture may appear to be high class, the dirty ceiling tiles, food stained walls, and rundown exterior of the restaurant do not make me warm and fuzzy.
I often joke about it being a place that cheaters go because the curtains are always down and it's always empty during day time.  On the outside, it looked like a sad declining Chinese restaurant that had its hayday once upon a time. I heard many good things about Peking Duck from RF so I requested to come here again.  We ordered the half a duck, hot and sour soup and crab yee-fu noodles.  The duck came cut, not thinly sliced, with big chunks of meat.  I thought it was a bit odd for Peking Duck to have so much meat.  For some reason, it tasted like roasted duck from Chinese deli (those that are hung upside down).  The duck came with Chinese crepe.  I always thought it was suppose to be served in buns, I guess I got too Americanized and I was wrong.  I have heard so much about the Peking Duck but was somewhat disappointed.  I am guessing they used left over duck because we ordered half duck (half duck = half ass).  Hopefully the quality of it would be better when I order a whole duck next time. The soup and the noodles were ok, not bad. I am a bit speechless about the service and decor.  Our server was coughing a lot and I was a bit worried about him coughing into the food.  There were a lot of water stain on the ceiling and some pieces of the ceiling were coming off.  The walls were all scratched up and the windows looked they hadn't been wiped for a while.  They really need to clean up a bit to attract customers or help customers not to lose their appetite. Overall, the decor is unspeakable and the food is fair.  I would come back here to try a whole duck before I make my final verdict. (Rating tentative)
The Peking duck is pretty tasty but, man, do they need to do something about the cleanliness of this place! We returned here for dinner last night with the kids and in-laws after an absence of about two years.  Personally, I am not a fan of Chinese food and my health-conscious hubby hates it but since my father-in-law is of the mindset, "When in Rome, let's find the nearest Chinatown," we headed here. They really need to get a new coat of paint on the inside and out because the white table clothes and fancy chairs don't hide the fact that this place is dirty and falling apart.  At 6pm on a Monday we were one of two tables seated but it soon filled up with tables of multigenerational Chinese families and a smattering of Caucasian two-tops. I was going to order one of the set family dinners but since only half Peking ducks are offered on the dinners that feed 4-5, I opted to order the following a la carte: -  Whole Peking duck 3 ways ($42): Duck soup with napa cabbage, bean thread noodles, and tofu; stir-fried shredded duck with bean sprouts; and Peking duck with crepes. - Dragon and Phoenix: stir-fried chicken, prawns, and ham with an egg-white sauce over broccoli. - Stir fried spinach with garlic The Peking duck and crepes were tasty but the cucumber and green onions that came with it were obviously cut hours before because they were totally desiccated.  Next time, I will order the whole duck by itself because the soup was really greasy and the stir fried duck was only alright.  The Dragon and Phoenix dish was good but I wasn't really expecting so much egg-white in the sauce - pretty chunky.  Service was very efficient and friendly but I was nervous about our server's hygiene because he kept blowing his nose and not washing his hands.  I guess better in a tissue than blowing a snot rocket in the parking lot... We will probably be back because acceptable Chinese options in Palo Alto are pretty slim.  I like Tai Pan but it's pricey and too fancy for my rambunctious kids.  This place ain't my favorite by a long shot but it will do in a pinch when I gotta score some quick brownie points with my father-in-law.
Absolutely the best Peking Duck in the Peninsula. The corn soup is also the best in the area. Simple, always outstanding execution. We go often with our neighbors, Carl and Barbara, and others. Often in large groups. Highly recommended.
I hate empty Chinese restaurants.  Most Chinese restaurants don't have much service, anyway, but when they're empty, they seem to take that as "I don't have to work" instead of "I have extra time to concentrate on making my customers happy".  I suppose it makes sense from a business perspective -- I mean, if bad service were going to piss people off, they wouldn't have come here in the first place -- but I don't like being taken advantage of for my willingness to stand one bit. In fact, I'm mad as hell, and I'm not going to take it anymore. Sometimes, you're like:  "Oh, right.  That's why Yelp exists." Ok, so maybe mad as hell is a (gross) overstatement.  Sure, I hate waiting for someone to come by to give me my check, but if the food were good I probably wouldn't care.   But I have reason for my vitriol. You see, I'm pretty open-minded when it comes to Chinese food.  I like the "fake" takeout stuff and the authentic stuff, the restaurant-made and the homemade, the spicy and the savory, vegetables, meat and soups; I love dim sum and I eat Chinese food for dinner; I like Taiwanese food, Northern food, Canto food, Szechuan food, Hong Kong food, whatever! I DEFINITELY like the prices. What's the one thing I don't like?  The desserts, but hey, no one's perfect.  What's the one other thing I don't like? This restaurant.  To start with, everything is around $13-14, about 50% over-priced.  The signature dish is the (northern) Peking Duck, but various menu items are either Southern dishes, written in (southern) Cantonese, and the waiters seems to speak both Mandarin and Cantonese.  There are dishes you'd find at Jing Jing's (lemon chicken) and dishes you'd find in China (the Peking Duck), and dishes that I'm not totally sure what they are ("the dragon phoenix").  To be fair, some of them are Ok.  But they're either so much worse than similar dishes from other local restaurants or too expensive; either way, there's really nothing on the menu actually worth ordering.  And those are the good dishes! Next time you want to go here (by the way, at this point, I'm speaking to myself), stop yourself.  You're in the freaking Bay Area.  You can do better than this for Chinese food. Saving grace? Order ahead and get takeout when you walk in the door.  Since it's right off Stanford Ave, it's probably (after the Treehouse, where you can do the same) the fastest way to get dinner as a student. --------------------------- girlfriend argues: chinky giving you a lesson here. on the "cantonese" menu at peking duck: 1) it wasn't written in cantonese. all chinese is written the same (of course, besides the simplified/traditional thing). it was *I* who was mixing the two while ordering, i'm not even sure why i did that! probably because my cantonese isn't good enough to cover everything. 2) the waiters at almost ALL chinese restaurants speak both mandarin and cantonese.
Hmm. If I was in Milwaukee, I could see this place becoming my standby for decent Chinese food in an "authentic" hole-in-the-wall atmosphere. But I'm not in Milwaukee, so I'll probably be here less often. My opinion is based on 10ish dishes sampled during only one group dinner this weekend, so take it with a grain of salt (given that this place seems to have many insider fans). Suggestions if you do make the trip: 1. Get the duck -- it's obviously their signature dish and I enjoyed it just as the many other reviewers seem to have. 2. Don't bring a group of more than 8 - the space didn't accommodate our group of 12 very comfortably. 3. Use the restroom at home before you come. You know what I mean.
So Jade Palace and Peking Duck are still joined at the hip. You better have an idea of what you want to eat since they have not merged the menus at all - so it's two restaurants in one, they both have signature dishes and you still get the menus for both restaurants. So it's a little schizy - that's part of the charm so you just have to go with it. Soups have never disappointed. Enjoy the jook and westlake beef soup very much (Jade Palace). Love the stuffed cornish hen with sticky rice (Peking Duck). There's a mixed seafood with pea pods on a bed of fried taro strips that's tasty and excellent chow fun (Jade Palace). Love the pea sprouts (Jade Palace). Their noodles are made in-house (Peking Duck).  And they have a medley of Chinese desserts (Peking Duck) but I wish they would use coconut milk with the tapioca and taro - not regular milk (ick) - does not give it good flavor. Going during the week for dinner it's mostly an Asian clientele if that gives you any idea. Lunch is a smorgasbord of people...seriously, it's as authentic as you're going to get...it is better than some Chinese restaurants I've been to in San Francisco...they might not have the variety of fresh vegetables - but they do OK. Although they have dim sum, I prefer those dive places on Clement or the main Chinatown. Any way,  when I need a Chinese food fix in PA - you get the choice of two restaurants in the same place! P.S. Before Peking Duck moved to where Jade Palace is now - you used to have walk outside to use the restroom around the corner of the building. At least now they have their bathroom indoors!!!
Till this day, it's still the BEST Peking Duck I've ever tasted. I've been to my fair share of Chinese weddings where Peking Duck is always one of the 20 million dishes and it just doesn't compare. They used to serve it with steamed buns and now its tortillas/crepe. You can still get steamed buns but you have to ask for it in advance. If not, the server throws this "I hate my job" fit. A bit more skin than meat but that's fine. I love skin! And not just on my ducks. LOL. Overall, the place has gone down hill over the years but it's still good enough for me. The inside is just getting old. Doesn't seem like they keep up with the place but whatever, makes it feel more traditional? Who knows. It's a damn Chinese restaurant. I don't expect restrooms to be clean. I don't expect it to look nice and I certainly don't expect good service. I expect awesome Peking Duck and that's what I got.
This place looks so shitty from the outside, you just know it has to be reasonably tasty to a. avoid condemnation and b. maintain that primo spot on El Camino.  I decided I had to try it after spending a whole unit of Chinese class learning the vocabulary surrounding the consumption of Beijing kaoya (Peking Duck, but I will never hear it without the fucking dips and rises again my GOD how can one unit on eating duck be so long).  We learned the verbs for dipping, grabbing with chopsticks, rolling...in any case, I knew the ritual by heart before ever trying the stuff. The duck was delicious!  I picked up pieces of kaoya, dipped them in tian mian jiang, placed them on the heyebing, added some cong, rolled the little bastards up and shoved them in my greedy hungry kou.  It was a lesson well learned.
Best Peking Duck that I've had in the area. I always get the Peking Duck 3 ways (not on the menu).  it is $10 more than your regular Peking Duck but SO WORTH IT! 1st way: Crispy Peking Duck (mostly skin)  w/Crepe 2nd way: Peking Duck Meat stir fried 3rd way: Peking Duck soup (broth made from the Duck bones with Tofu, Noodles, Cabbage, and Duck Meat) Depending on how many is in my party, I usually also get the Walnut Shrimp and Green Beans. Yum. I'm salavating just thinking about it.
Warning: Jade Palace was taken over by the Peking Duck restaurant, and unfortunately should be avoided, due to unethical pricing.  First, there was a total given with no itemization, even though this was not a package deal, and this was a large group for lunch. Then, after asking for some itemization on the triple digit bill, it was discovered that the prices were higher than the menu that they gave to us just the day before!, and then the coup de grace was getting charged double for a dish that the lady/owner herself suggested we order a  1 1/2 portion (which we did, then got charged double). This was a huge disappointment since the old Jade Palace was a pretty decent place. None of this party of 12 Chinese peeps will be coming here again. If you're looking for duck locally, the tea smoked duck at the Shanghai Dumpling for $12 for a half duck is far better.
Peking Duck does not look like much from the outside: sun-washed pink facade decorated with Christmas lights all year round on a parking lot on El Camino... I probably never would have tried it had it not been for my former roommate's coaxing and for its proximity to my old apartment. And don't expect that first impression to change as you walk inside, discover the slightly quaint and old-fashioned decor and are greeted by a Mexican waiter. But: the food is pretty authentic and tastes really good! And they serve what may very well be the best Peking duck I've had in California (ok... I've only had it at a few places). Seriously, if you go there, you have got to try the duck, no arguing. And if you've never had Peking duck before, get in your car now, and you'll be thanking me for the rest of your life. The rest of the food is more standard, but is also very tasty: I don't think I never had anything I didn't like there. And it's pretty cheap too!
Gorgeous views of Jack in the Box! Minutes away from run-down evacuated buildings! Peking Duck has it all! Upon entering Peking Duck, we dared one our friends to ask the head waiter, in a very sincere tone, if they make Peking duck. (This is the first item on the menu, with a description reading, "This dish serves as the name of our restaurant.") The reward was an indignant pause followed by a stiltedly polite "Yes." Peking Duck is a not-so-hole-in-the-wall near a bunch of holes-in-the-wall. Yes, they do have Peking duck, and it is tasty but a bit pricey for the quantity. Shittake mushrooms were pleasantly meaty, and the orange beef had good zip to it. But no fortune cookies. I think it was the waiter's revenge.
Ghetto exterior. Ghetto interior. Ghetto service. Delicious duck.
The tea duck here is really tasty. The decor is really nice, but there's also plastic butterflies glued to the curtains, icicle lights outside the window, and a wonderful view of the Jack in the Box across the street. But still, the food is really really good.
The food is not bad, I would have preferred to pay less than a did for the fried rice/sweet and sour chicken that I ordered (take out), when I went it the restaurant itself wasn't the nicest but they were very nice. All in all an alright place. Probably best for lunch and if you are in a hurry.
I used to think the duck at this place was the shiznit but after trying it at a few other places, it has been deemed "ok". Price-wise it's not bad to share a whole duck between two people and an appetizer.  The duck is tasty and they provide plenty of fixings to make your perfect duck stuffed bun/pancake.  Make sure you SPECIFY between pancakes or buns when you order. The restaurant itself is pretty old and could probably use some updating but I doubt that'll happen anytime soon. Overall:  The duck is good-- if duck is what you are craving, go here.  Anything else...go elsewhere (you are in Palo Alto for goodness sake!)
Disregard the way this restaurant looks on the outside, haven't you been taught you can't judge a book by its cover? Give it a go, go there and don't order stuff you get at Mr. Chau's.  Get the Peking Duck, the restaurant is named after it for goodness sake, eat it skin/fat/meat and all with the little tortilla like wrap they give you also adding the onion, sauce and cucumber.  Enjoy it. it's pretty damn good.  Don't order the Duck soup with the meal, it's not that great. Order the Honey Walnut Shrimp, it's pretty good, not the cheapest I've had it but pretty average priced for that dish. The green beans are good, and so are veggies, anything stir fried with garlic. Their mango tapioca pudding dessert is YUM. Waiters are nice enough, just wish whoever back in the kitchen would stop snorting up their snot and just blow their damn nose because it just sounded gross, eeck. We're going back again for our monthly/bimonthly fill of peking duck :) Tuesday next week.
This is so far the best Peking duck place I have found within 40 miles of San Jose. (Alright, I haven't started working on this in SF). The Peking duck is super good. It's (of course) not as good as that from Quan Ju De in Beijing, but it's close to the best I have had in the US (best one is in Chinatown of NYC). For two ppl, I'd recommend: Duck feet with mustard for appetizer (so good!), a whole Peking duck (since portion is small, just don't get the half, it's totally a JOKE) and some vegetable (veggie cleans up the greasy feeling from the duck). Downside could be that: Waiters are rude and ignorant.... They cleaned up table while I wasn't even finished. Hey, freak! DO NOT TAKE AWAY MY FOOD! And do not order their sesame chicken, it's a disaster. Restroom is horrible too......
No soy sauce! No fortune cookies! This restaurant has high-end prices for a low-end environment (though I don't think the restaurant can be blamed for how high rent is right next to Stanford, which I am guessing why everything is so expensive) Either way, 3/5 stars. I would rather go to Ming's, which is not so far away and is spacious with better decor and (in my opinion) better food and service for a comparable price.
Throw out the 20-year-old sticky disgusting menus and splurge a little on newly printed clean ones!  I felt like I need to wash my hands before eating, but I was stuck in the corner behind a round table. They really should spend a little money to make the place look a little less run down, too.  For the longest time, I thought it was closed permanently.  I've lived nearby for 15 years and only went there because it was a team lunch at work. The food is decent, prices cheap.  I suspect they use MSG though, we all felt a little "buzzed" when we got back to work.
Peking Duck, Pan fried bean sprout with garlic, sizzling beef...  I feel hungry now! You have to try their peking duck because my friend from Peking said their peking duck is better than the ones you will find in Peking!!! I can eat a whole peking duck all by myself...hehe.
The peking duck here is good but TOO fatty. The best peking duck is at Great China in Berkeley, where they remove the skin for you and give you a lot of pieces. The lunch specials are around 8 to 9 bucks. I also tried the mongolian beef and it was just okay. Lunch specials also include soup and this fried flat curry thing.
Peking Duck has always been good to me.  It's close to work so it's convenient.  A little scary though since we do have ducks wandering our office (Bluetooth and Wi-Fi); we're always wondering if they're going to become the next entrees. I have fond memories of Peking Duck since this is the first place I came to eat lunch at when I began working my first real world job.  I've only been here for lunch but the portions are good.  If you eat in, they serve soup (usually sweet and sour).  If you don't, you get a MASSIVE amount of food.  Take out or eat in, I've only been able to eat half and I always have enough for my next meal. I usually get the black pepper beef which has green and regular onions and some sauce on it.  A little salty but very filling and tasty!  Just have some tea or water on hand to wash away the sodium.  Lunch specials are about 8 to 10 dollars.
The peking duck served here is very good. My only gripe is that for a $24 dollar whole duck, you get surprising little meat. When you order the whole duck, they bring it to you to show you the duck they'll be carving up. The duck they bring is pretty big and very delicious looking. However, once they take it back to the kitchen to carve it up, what's actually served to you is only enough for maybe 2 people. I get the feeling that a lot of the meat is left on the duck (possibly to cook other dishes?) Anyways, the duck is definitely delicious. The skin is crispy and the meat is tender. The duck, in itself, would make me return again. However, the crepe they give you to wrap the duck in reminds me too much of the corn tortillas you get at safeway. Also, make sure you don't order the Tofu with Minced Shrimp. It's $10 and all you're getting is regular cubed tofu with a shrimp on top, plus some soy sauce. you'll feel gypped. TRUST ME.
This place is pretty good with an interesting variety of dishes.  When went there I had the Peking Duck (half duck is plenty for two) and "steamed tofu with minced shrimp".  The duck was not bad, I've had better... in China (heh).  At least half of the restaurant was eating the steamed tofu dish, which doesn't sound too appetizing, but is pretty good. I tried the tea duck on a recent visit, which was good but I find these sorts of dishes hard to eat with all of the bones.  Overall, a solid place.
3.5 stars My uncle's favorite restaurant, because it seems like there's a greater than 50% chance we head here when I eat with them. Their duck is quite delectable and done very well... Just thinking about makes my coronaries start to clog up. Their other dishes are pretty good but not outstanding and on the salty side to boot. Just FYI, you have to walk out around back to get to the bathroom.
The name speaks for itself. Personally, the unfortunate thing about peking duck in the US is that they usually come with buns, not crepe.  The ducks usually come with a lot of meat with them too.  Not here - the ducks are mostly skin, and they serve crepe instead of the buns. The shredded duck soup is pretty good, and I also liked their desserts.
Though not the most asthetically or visually stunning restraunt, I was amazingly surprised when I tried the food here. Being of Chinese descent and having traveled to China repeatedly, I know what the food tastes like (good and bad). I have two pet peeves when it comes to Chinese food; 1) Chinese people actually eat there (when have you seen actual FOBs at Panda Express?) 2) The staff speaks chinese. So when I walked into this place and ordered in Chinese, I was pleased when they knew exactly what I was talking about.  The dishes that I love are available and are great, especially considering the remote location.
Okay, maybe I'm just desperate to find good Chinese food in Palo Alto near my work but I really like this place. A bit scary looking from the outside, but inside, the atmosphere is quite nice.  The waiters even smile at me now, so relatively friendly service. Food is solid, they have items that appeal to both Asian and non-Asian palates -- the usual Mongolian Beef/Lemon Chicken fare, as well as Smoked Tea Duck, Spicy Beef Noodle in Broth, and a variety of homemade noodle dishes.  Decent lunch menu deal on weekdays.
We had the following: 1. home style tofu - decent flavor, texture could be better 2. pan fried home made noodles with assorted meats - good flavor, the noodles don't tastes home made though. The place is pretty empty and the prices are slightly high for Chinese food.  But at least it is close (in PA) and the flavors are good.  May go back to try other stuff.
The nearest and best Chinese restaurant around Stanford. I love the Beijing duck so much.
As other reviewers have noted, from the looks of their exterior, Peking Duck seems to be doing everything in their power to keep customers away.  Their English "Peking Duck" sign finally fell off completely with the heavy rains a couple months ago.   So now it just looks like an old diner with some Chinese characters painted on it. Don't be scared though!  I've only been there once, but that visit easily made it my favorite Chinese restaurant in the neighborhood. Get the Peking duck, of course.  If you've never had it before, make sure you ask the waiter how to eat it properly, as there's some assembly requiredI don't recall the other dishes my wife and I tried, but I do remember liking them!  We just checked out what the Chinese parties in the restaurant were eating, and ordered whatever seemed to be popular. Unlike many Chinese restaurants, there don't appear to be separate Chinese and English menus, so I don't think you have to worry about missing all the "good" dishes.
Decor = Average Service = what service??? Food =  Good Value = Below Average The duck is good, but with the horrible service, I would say order the duck to go.  Don't bother tipping bad service.  Another thing is ask for the duck body.  It is extremely flavorful and has plenty of meats. White steam buns are usually serve with the Peking duck, but in this place, they give you wraps instead.  You have to pay extra for the buns, but it is worth it.
I took the wrong train last night and had no luck finding taxi in the dark night, was very scared and saw this restaurant still open so I walked in asking if I could stay here while calling for a taxi. The nice restaurant owner ended up directly drove me to my hotel and refuse to take any money I tried to give them.
Old shabby restaurant building with old worn faded building signage as well as old worn faded hanging outside banner signage. Not attractive in the least. Service was slow and minimal. The food my coworker ordered was not anything I could write home about nor anything I really care for so I stuck with the basic broccoli beef over white rice and that wasn't anything to rave about either, and that's why I'm yelping about it. Me, I'll pass on the duck, duck goose.
This is a place I like to go when I'm feeling like throwing my diet to the wind!  I don't usually eat meat, but the duck here is so delicious that I abandon my vegetarian ways for one night.  I come here with my son, who adores both peking duck and tea smoked duck.  We usually order the peking duck.  The first time I ordered it I was disappointed to see it served with what looked like flour tortillas.  I actually prefer the little steamed buns, but I'm not sure that's the authentic way of serving this dish.  We always accompany it with a seafood dish, like the sauteed scallops.  Everything I've had here is outstanding, except for the shrimp rolls-a bit too doughy and greasy from the deep fryer-a real calorie buster. I do like that they have a low-cal section of the menu, though I have yet to try it-mostly steamed stuff and sauteed veggies. I will definitely be going back to this place.
Have been here many times on weekdays with family, friends and coworkers for lunch. Today I had "Two types of vermicelli with duck," which was basically stir fried noodles with slivers of duck meat, a few mushroom slices, a few green onion slices and some bamboo shoots.  I will order this one again. My dining companion had beef with baby bok choy, which was really good. I've had in the past the "Duck 3 ways"  highly recommend it if you have a large party and can take some time.  If you are going there for a quick lunch, it's not the  thing to order. The nice thing about this place is the way they do their daily special lunch menu, which all Chinese restaurants have.  Here you get special add-ons and options.  For instance, you can substitute fried rice for white rice for a small extra fee, or you can add an egg roll or pork bun for a little extra. Also, they don't serve only hot and sour soup every single day, which gets old.  Today they had egg drop soup in a light chicken broth with bits of ground chicken and corn.  Very good. They serve crispy strips of won ton wrappers with their plate lunches -- sort of like french fries on the side.  Something different.
Not the best Chinese Restaurant i have eaten at but at one time WAS good enough for a quick lunch if you were pressed for time..but was VERY disappointed today.. I called in for a to go order of one of my favorite dishes the Crispy Noodles with Spicy Tofu and was very disappointed. First off, they have now moved and are off of California Ave across from Mollie Stones.  It is no longer known as "Peking Duck" anymore but as "Jade Palace" and the Crispy Noodles is DEFINITELY not the same...  Bummed and definitely miss the old location...  Won't be going back...  :o(
As in other reviews, the place looks really old and crappy from the outside, once you go in it is a bit better but the place is old and they haven't cared to renew it. However, despite the look of the place the Peking Duck was really good even when I just had a half for myself, I liked it so here I am having duck again. For the duck it is a 4 star rating, but in the overall I'd give it a 2, it is quite expensive, service is not really good and the place is unattractive.
I am a big fan for Peking ducks.This place used to be better when it was located on El Camino.  After they moved, I visited it twice and found not only the service was ridiculously slow and the food is not as good. I had to wait for 40 minutes and 50 minutes.  It does not worth it.
NOOOOOO.  They changed owners and the Peking duck is not good anymore (where's the crispy deliciousness I used to love so much!?!?).  I'm so sad, this seriously used to be one of my favorite restaurants. T_T no more...
So Peking Duck moved locations to what is now Jade Palace.  I wanna say that it's the same... I ate... Read more 
They take the duck, splash it on some bread, and throw some sauce in it, then they stuff it down your mouth. Not bad.
The Peking Duck is good here, but pretty much everything else is kind of bland.  Definitely low on my list for Chinese food.
I was brought here by a friend who has been living here for the past  15 years.  It is a requirement to order it's namesake, the Peking Duck, when dining here.  Being Chinese, I find that all the dishes were "traditional" and fresh.  Despite the nice view of Jack in the Box, as noted byother reviewers, the intererior is clean and classy for a Chinese restaurant (they actually have folded napkins and wine glasses).  Service was professional.  Would definitely come back, if just for the duck.
The peking duck dish was average.  One thing that made the dish a bit more original was the way they sliced the duck, and I liked their touch of adding cucumbers in there.  Also they serve this dish with a crepe vs. bun.  I heard the restaurant is also known for their seafood which was pretty tasty - walnut prawns (just ok), scallop & prawn sizzling dish (tasty), calamari & veggies, stick rice stuffed cornish game hen, and home made fried noodles dish (ok).  I definitely thought this restaurant was on the pricier side for chinese food.
Our go-to place for Chinese in Palo Alto. Duck is good, but so much more... here's our top 5 in no particular order (unfortunately, don't know the English names, but descriptions should work!): 1) sticky rice stuffed chicken 2) walnut prawns 3) water cress seafood soup 4) salt pepper fish (or calamari) 5)...and yes the duck. For those who complain about ghetto interior/exterior, well, caveat is that many of our favorite chinese food is at these hole-in-the-wall places. authenticity and tasty food is what matters in the end.
This place is ok. I liked the Peking Duck (Bei3 Jing1 Ya1), the won ton soup (yun2 tun1 tang1, written with the Cantonese preferred Hanzi, not the Mandarin hun2tun, which is odd for a Mandarin restaurant), the sweet and sour pork with lichee and pineapple (li4 luo2 tian2 suan1 rou4), the curry beef (ga1 li2 niu2 rou4), the ma2po2 dou4fu, dry sauteed string beans with minced pork (gan1 bian1 si4 ji4 dou4, the menu has it incorrectly written as bian3, "flat", instead of bian1, "sautee"), chow fun with beef and black bean sauce (chi3 zhi1 niu2 he2), and my favorite, tapioca with mango (mang2guo3 xi1mi3lu4).
I'm down with the Peking Duck. Fortunately for me, my Mother is down with the Peking Duck. When I can get her to take me here when she's in town... I'm very happy and my projected lifespan suffers accordingly. This place might look like a dump but thats because its supposed to keep white people from coming here. Is that messed up? Yeah. But I'm cool, I just told you our secret.
I like the peking duck here.  I haven't had this before and thought it was tasty.  Of course I hear China does it better...but we aren't in China are we?
Outside looks like a dump but the interior is much nicer.  We went there on a light night and the service was superb for that price level.  Got the Peking Duck of course.  The wraps were too thick and you end up getting full on those.  They left too much meat on the duck skins.  And they didn't use the rest of the duck for soup or any other dishes.
The peking duck is good, but the real winner on the menu is the tea smoked duck.  It is fantastic, and makes it worth a drive out here.
This place is a consistant winner. it's not the best you'll ever taste but it certainly is delicious. and importantly it's not tremendously greasy.. I used to come here with my family all the time and it's friendly and all the dishes i've ever tried have been good.
This place was surprising.  It looks kind of like a dump from the outside, so we were expecting super cheap take-out quality chinese.  On the inside, it actually looks pretty nice.  The specialty here is their Peking duck, as the name suggests, but we had a noodle dish and Kung Pao chicken.  The spring rolls were pretty good to start.  The food was above average but nothing spectacular.  I actually like my Kung Pao spicier than how ours was served.  Also, it seemed to be all leg meat...I would have prefered some white meat as well.  The service was a tad slow to start, but after we put in our orders, the waiter stayed on top of things, refilling our water and tea as needed.  He did forget to bring our rice with the meal, though.  Total bill for two people $20 including tax but not tip.  Good deal.
Peking duck was not too impressive
Simply the best Peking Duck I had the chance to taste in the US. I have been scouting every Chinese restaurant for real nicely sliced Peking Duck instead of the usual lumber axe butchered roasted duck. I had been craving for real quality Peking Duck since China, and this is a dish I never miss every time I get there! I noticed this place a few weeks ago while driving back on El Camino after a trip to Frys and promised myself to try it. I hardly found their sign in the middle of the night this evening but I am really glad I did. Anyways I am very verbose since I can not contain my joy :) This place did not disappoint, and is now my official Peking Duck location. This place does not deserve 5 stars though, several other dishes were ver average and their deserts were under average. Nevermind I will only get the Duck and home made noodles next time :)
Duck was not bad. But fried shrimp was too greasy.  Service could be better.
hot damn!  this place is yu-mmy!  great peking duck (we got the whole duck for 4 people), hot and sour soup (which was more like hot and hot soup!), green beans and braised tofu.  had some leftovers and i can't wait to chow down on it for lunch today! the wait staff is your little above average chinese restaurant staff...not very attentive, but not too...you know. can't wait to take the rest of my family here!
I've been eating at the Peking Duck Restaurant for the past 18 years and this is one of my favorite Palo Alto restaurants.
Ate dinner here last night. The peking duck is delicious here! I asked for man tous (white steamed buns) instead of the tortilla looking things and I enjoyed it much better! The buns were right out of the steamer and super soft. Yum! The chicken and egg soup was good too as was the eggplant. The only thing I could pass on next time was the homemade noodles with assorted meats. Would come here again soon!
this place has really good peking duck (hence the name) and the mu shu is pretty good too.  I would say that its just pretty average for chinese food tho.  They do give you these yummy little appetizers which are great for those times when you're starving...
THEY"VE MOVED.  Took over the Jade Palace on Cali ave just a few weeks ago.  You can still order off both menu, the owner claims.  I'm testing them today with my off menu order of "duck 3 ways" (whole, sauteed with veggies and soup- the best all for $42).  This is a bargain that a fellow yelper shared with me.
Went here for a banquet. For the last 3 1/2 years I've driven by the small, peach-colored building with fading red lettering which is Peking Duck and hand not stepped foot into it until very recently. It is a TINY building and we somehow crammed nearly 100 people into it . So if you plan to take the whole place for a group of that size, it's great. But if you want to bring more than 4 of your closes friends, forget about it. Since we were limited to an undisclosed banquet menu, I didn't know the names of the dishes. I like this fried tofu square dish. The tofu tasted a bit like tater totters, but it was really good. I also liked this candied-shrimp like dish that had walnuts included. There was a bok choy and mushroom dish and the mushrooms were totally the gem of that plate. Very flavorful. The dessert (it was a white soup-like substance with tapioca balls and tender slivers of fruit) was also qutie yummy. I'll have to come back to try the Peking duck, though , as it is the restaurant's namesake.
We had an excellent Lunar New Year dinner -- the duck was great. -- it was crispy.  The pea sprout soup with seafood was great.  Crab was great and large sized.  The fried fish with fried garlic was incredible.  This is our second time here in a month.  I wonder if the owners have changed based on some of the poor reviews below.  And the bathrooms were clean.
I love my peking duck and this place does a pretty good job. I never know how to describe the decor of a chinese restaurant bc most of them are pretty tacky but it's expected, I could care less as long as the food is good. The resto is small, service is relatively slow, the fried shrimps with candied walnuts not too great- too much batter but the duck is great. I recently heard the lease is over for this location, it will be replaced by a Panda Express (horror), so if you want to try it, you better hurry!
We went for banquet dishes. Most of them were tasty but some of them were somewhat salty. The Peking Duck was not the best we have had despite its name.Extra dishes we ordered were disappointing.
I love finding diamonds in the rough.  Tried the duck there a few years ago and went back recently.  Everything we tried still tasted great.  Finding this sort of quality on the peninsular saves me from driving to SF for this type of food.  The speciality dish of duck was fairly priced too.  $25 dinner for two all inclusive with leftovers to spare.
eh, this place was ok.  we had: broccoli beef - fine but nothing special beef with orange sauce - not very good, it was supposed to be spicy, but it wasn't at all, it was mostly just too sweet seafood chow fun - not that great
I am a little surprised by all the 4s and 5s this place has garnered.  I really rate it a 2.5.  The hot and sour soup is among the worst I have ever tasted..sort of sour dish water.  The other lunch dishes are mediocre but adequate for the price and the speedy delivery.  Hunan garden is a step up.
Love the Chicken with Egg Whites....awesome.  Prawns with Honey Walnuts also to die for...crispy and sweet, not covered with mayo like other places. Not too hot about the Tea Smoked Duck; good flavor, but a bit salty.
We love the Duck! My fiance and I go there when we are tired and it's too late to organize dinner at home. It's not too pricey, and you don't have to dress up. The place is slightly crumbly and old, which is awesome; I don't feel bad about throwing sauce on the tablecloths. It has several very redeeming features for me: it is near Stanford campus; they use linens and proper chopsticks (and silverware if you need it, you uncultured slob); other weird academics are often eating there too. Most of all - which speaks well for it  - Chinese people eat there. A Chinese restaurant without Chinese people ordering off the menu is probably not going to have good food. If you eat duck, there's lots of good duck there; I like the tea duck. If you're a hot-and-sour soup regular, theirs is good and peppery - yum! If you like American Chinese food with cream cheese and fake crabmeat, this isn't your place. Warning to vegetarians - they like to flavor things with pork, so you might run into problems or flavor loss. Stanford people - this is a great place to take colleagues where you can hear each other, and keep the prices low - not a fancy thing, but good for work lunch.
Great Chinese food, moderately priced.  The staff isn't super-friendly, but the food is worth it.  Try the honey-glazed walnut prawns.
In classic Peking duck  the skin is supposed to be crispy (while cooking the skin is inflated like a balloon to keep it away from the meat) so that the thick layer of fat underneath is rendered out and marinates the meat while the skin crisps up. I was disappointed in that this wasn't the case with the duck from this restaurant. The atmosphere was nice although the service was so-so.
My first yelp!! Peking Duck restaurant is def. worth yelping. The duck was awesome! Super crispy and lean and yummy yummy. The only drawback is that they use tortilla-type wraps v. the sweet white buns (which i prefer). Other then that, it was tons of fun and oh yeah got to admire beautiful butterflies haha
Update 1/30/2011 Peking Duck moved from El Camino to California Avenue... and maybe lost their chef in the process!  After the move, I ordered the 3 dishes I suggested in my first review and I was not impressed.  No longer the best eggplant and the other dishes were just so-so. Peking Duck, can you convince your original chef to come back? ----------------------------------- I recently discovered Peking Duck Restaurant and now I won't go anywhere else! I mostly get takeout, so I have no comments on service/atmosphere.  Takeout service is great -- no matter what I order, it always takes about 15 minutes. Suggestions: 1.  Eggplant with Spicy Garlic Sauce (yuxiang qiezi) [this is my litmus test for a Chinese restaurant and Peking Duck passed with flying colors -- it is the best eggplant I have had outside Beijing] 2.  Dry Sauteed String Beans -- excellent flavor and texture. 3.  Prawns with Honey Glazed Walnuts -- a recent discovery that is quickly becoming a regular order. Notes: 1.  I am not crazy about their takeout rice -- I always make the rice in my rice cooker at home. 2.  The food is very authentic -- after living and working in China, I have finally found a place that offers traditional dishes prepared like the did at my favorite neighborhood restaurants in Beijing and Harbin.
Mediocre at best. We ordered take-out.  It was ready when promised, and the staff was nice.  But the food was very disappointing. We had pork fried rice, and there was hardly any meat in it at all and the flavor was very bland. The sweet and sour chicken was no good, either.  It had tons of huge chunky pieces of pineapple and bell peppers, and the meat had a very thick coating of flour.  But what really pissed us off was that many of the pieces did not have any meat in it at all.  It was just pieces of fried coating with sauce. When we went to pick-up the food, it was on a Saturday night around 8 p.m.  There was only one table with customers.
Besides the Peking duck, which is 3/5 stars, non of the dishes are that tasty or creative. Some are even substandard, especially the noodle dishes. Overpriced.
I like Peking Duck. We dont have many places in South Bay though isnt PA considered Peninsula..ha ha ha..I do like the presentation of the Peking Duck, makes it easier to put it together.
I am really tolerant of messes and I am one of those people who think that exposure to pathogens, in moderation, just strengthens your immune system. I am not fussy. Still, the Peking Duck needs a really thorough steam cleaning. The carpets are grimy and full of junk, walls too, ceiling as well. The food was pretty good actually. Clientel was mostly Chinese and the place was packed. Prices are moderate, portions large, ingredients fresh... but the place is so dirty that it is distracting.
Seriously one of my favorite Chinese restaurants.  It's home cooking all the way.  It's a little oily but very tasty. This is what we order every time. - Peking Duck - clams shell buns - Deluxe Shredded Duck Soup - Beef With Green Onions A la Peking - Chicken With Spicy Garlic Sauce - Dry Sauteed String Beans - Sauteed Snow Peas leaves and garlic
I point out Peking Duck to friends when we drive by, and their reaction is always one of horror or a statement about  how "it looks janky." But, I can tell you as a native San Franciscan and a Chinese person, usually the janky ones are the ones that taste the best, as is the case with Peking Duck. I came to Stanford craving the Chinese food that was once so readily available on every street back home, and none of the "white-washed" Chinese restaurants were nowhere near par until my dad and I chanced upon Peking Duck. If you know how and what to order, you will get some of the best Chinese food you can buy in the Palo Alto area. I recommend the honey glazed prawns with walnuts, sauteed pea sprouts in garlic, combination seafood soup, and DEFINITELY get the peking duck. My friends and I order that combination every single time we go there -- why mess with a good thing? :)
Hmm...it was so so.  The decor and the ambiance was lacking, and the food unexceptional.  There are better restaurants out there.
The food is ok but service omg... It seemed like they didn't want us there
I tried the duck, which is okay! Not as good as what you can get from Beijing, but not bad considering it is in US. A little bit pricey, but not too much.
Went there on Monday 6/15/09 and I was very disappointed.  Seeing the exterior sign, I commented to my party that the restaurant looked old and unkept.  Then pulled into the parking lot and seeing produce boxes and card boards boxes thrown out from the back door evolked my worse fears of the typical Chinese restaurant. Back door was wide open too.  You can imagine the bugs and dust flying into the prep area. Very dirty restaurant with yellow ceiling and dirty table cloths.  Waiter seated us and I accidently spilled my water, waiter did not offer to wipe it up or offer an extra napkin. Very poor service, not attentive. Ordered half-order of p. duck was not good, small portion and poor presentation. Dirty restaurant and not worth going to.
Go for the peking duck, don't go for anything else.  Honestly, the inside decor isn't horrible. With the duck, they give you ample crepes, cucumber, onion, hoisin sauce.  If you order the full duck, they bring it out to you before they cut it (to show that they are legit). The only downside is that you don't get most of the duck meat =/
The duck was good, the dishes okay, and the service fine. At $32, the duck was fatty and juicy, but not quite as good as I have had in the past. Having been to Quan Ju De in China a good dozen times as well as other (even better) Peking duck establishments, I expected more delicious fattiness and crunchiness since the duck was not that cheap. The noodle dish we ordered additionally was plain, boring, and uninspiring. While the duck did have some flavor, the wraps accompanying it were somewhat dry and did not taste as fresh as they should have. As many others have commented, the outside of the restaurant is very shabby. The inside, however, is far nicer than I expected. The service was not slow, although it wasn't impressive either. In most of its aspects, the restaurant is not bad, but not that good. As to whether I would return or not... I probably will, but just because there aren't many places nearby where you can actually get Peiking duck.
Best  Chinese food in Palo Alto!  Can't believe that the landlord is pushing them out for a Chinese chain, which, by the way, is terrible.
The last place I would try... very unfriendly service and inauthentic Peking food... could it be worse?
My family has tried just about every other Chinese restaurant around (almost all of which are significantly more expensive) but this is definitely our favorite. They just moved across from Molly Stones to where Jade Palace used to be, and are offering some of Jade Palace's dishes as well, some of which are very tasty. I'd recommend the Peking Duck, Shanghai-style dumplings, pea sprouts, and dried tofu with pork.
I don't like any dish here except for the peking duck with pancake wraps. It sounds harsh but its true. However, the duck is so good I would consider this place one of my favorite restaurants. The atmosphere is clean but not cozy. The service is excellent by the busboys and the waiters fluctuate. I love the duck, so despite the fact that I don't like anything else, I still come back.
average food, nothing too memorable. peking duck was ok...
I have worked in Palo Alto for half a year and had not been able to find a cure for my Chinese food cravings.  Legit food, not chicken rice bowl with soy sauce, is what I have been searching for.  Two weeks ago, my co-workers last day warranted a going away lunch.  She had one request: Lo Mein.  I knew the Mr. Chau's on El Camino would not suffice, so I came onto yelp and started calling around.  I came across Peking Duck and thought I'd give them a try. Ordered a good amount of food to go for friends at the office and picked up an order of Salty Fish & Chicken Fried Rice for myself.  All in all, it was delicious and felt like I was in Vancouver or Chinatown again.  Not too pricey, after tip and tax it was $8.00 a head.  This now is my last week at work and I just went back to the Peking Duck for a plate of Seafood over Cripsy Noodles and one more taste of Salty Fish & Chicken Fried Rice. They provided us a complimentary bowl of Soup of the Day. The bill was $21.00 after tip and tax for two. Peking Duck, none other.
It looks so shady on the outside, but the food is good. The service is very quick. The veggie dishes are okay but the thing that we always get is the prawns w/walnuts. This is amazing, though sweet.  in the $12ish dollar range.
I ordered chow mein, and got linguine with some soy sauce drizzled over it, and a few canned peas and carrots mixed in. The other we ordered was wayyy over priced for the crap quality.
We got general tsao's chicken which was pretty good, a broccoli beef dish which was decent, and the... Read more 
Lunch: A very bad bowl of won ton soup, with broth that tasted of soapy dishwater, and a noodle dish that had tired old canned shrimp and flavorless noodles, made me vow never to eat there again. Huge portions, only good if your taste buds are dead.
When my favorite Chinese restaurant in Palo Alto, Windy's closed down, I went looking for a new place to get decent, inexpensive food.  The Peking Duck was a shot in the dark, as I had driven by it dozens of times and never had the urge to visit.  But despite the run down appearance and crumpling decor, the food itself turned out to be quite decent for the most part.  The sizzling rice soup is very good, as is the beef chow fun and other meat dishes.  Additionally, the complementary tea is much better than at any other Chinese restaurant I have ever been too.  Unfortunately, the service is not very good and the hot and soup soup turned out to be quite poor.  But nonetheless, if you order the right dishes, the Peking Duck can be quite a meal.
the best chinese food in Cali ever !
Good food, great Peking duck.  Mediocre decorations.  Convenient location with lots of parking.  They need to change the outside signage which is way weather worn.  No problem for families and large gatherings.  Take out is convenient and fast.
This is the quintessential restaurant you drive by a hundred times without seeing until the day you go there to meet people. In this case, my dad was tipped off that the staff is understanding about gluten intolerance and can prepare many dishes without soy sauce (a hidden no-no.) I wasn't expecting much, but after chowing down on soup, homemade noodles, my mom's stripped-down veggie mush-shu, flavorful beef with a trio of stir-fried vegetables, and especially the meaty, sublimely crispy-skinned 5 spice duck, I was suprised by the absence of diners. The menu seems extensive enough to draw in a crowd, and all our dishes were consistently good. Of course, part of that is because we accomodated picky eaters by letting everyone choose their own dish, which resulted in beef, chicken, and seafood dishes each with the exact same vegetables. A bit of a bummer for variety, but still good enough to entice me to return for a duck encore and a little more creative menu exploration.
