I just came back from an excellent dinner at Vero. Granted, there was a cantankerous  patron fussing about his seating which almost disturbed my otherwise divine meal, but otherwise, everything was sumptuous and tasty to the last drop and morsel. Truth be told.. I am the child of a Neapolitan expat with highly discerning taste and an incredible cooking prowess. She is actually the one who took me here, and trust me, there are few places she will not turn her nose up at. ;) So now that I've established my clout, let's move onto the food: 1. Eggplant parmigiana appetizer: flavorful yet stil light. You could taste the crispy goodness of the deep fried eggplants ... a far cry from the bland sogginess that other restaurants resort to serving. 2. Freshly made tagliatelle with mussels and shrimp: Just the way my mamma makes it! A succulent wine based sauce, plenty of juicy fresh fishies, and while light - still incredibly filling. Yum. 3. Wine:  I asked Massimo for a recommendation and he brought me the loveliest Dolcetto that paired perfectly with the pasta entree. Again, the theme here seems to be light but flavorful, and this wine was just that... dry, full, but with a silky smooth finish. 4. Dessert? A little chocolate rolled log, the name is lost upon me. But please try this if you want your chocolate fix. It's like a cross between a brownie and a sponge cake. I am doing a disservice to my Italian heritage by not remembering the name, but no matter - you'll find it and like it. 5. Espresso:  they make this befitting of  a Neapolitan's palette (ie: with THREE C's). Which basically means: creamy, thick, smooth (not bitter), and scalding hot. 6. Complementary dessert drink: Antonio offered us each an exquisite little glass of Passito di pantelleria. It's like a lush, floral muscato, but with the (huskiness?) of a port. I can't quite pin it as I am no expert in the vernacular of wine. But it's truly beautiful. Anyway. I all around really enjoyed my experience there. The chef and staff are all Italian and care about their food and clientele. They are jovial and fun - and really, you wont walk away disappointed. We enjoyed our experience so much that our dinner lasted a leisurely 2 hours! Ah.. the beauty of a decadent and relaxing Italian feast done right! :)
Had dinner here last night. This is a cozy little restaurant right off university ave. The ambiance is a great place to have a date, business meeting, or have dinner with friends or family. Funny thing all those different types of patrons were there that night. This place takes reservations which is nice because the dining area is small, I would recommend making reservations especially on a Friday night. Good thing I did because when we got there the place was 90% full. They have a good food and wine selection. We ended up ordering the gnocchi, veal and the salmon. As for wine we picked something that came from south Italy, Cerasuolo di Vittoria, Valle dell'Acate '06, Sicilia. The food tasted great! Everything was moist and bursting with flavor. For desert we panna cotta and the Crostata di Mele (warm apple tart with cinnamon served with vanilla gelato). Both were delicious, perfect compliment to finish our meal. The service is adequate, nothing out of the ordinary. If the place is busy expect your food to take a little longer to be prepared, which is expected. Waiting a few extra minutes for your food isn't a deal breaker, the small wait will be worth it. Our dinning experience there lasted over 2 hours, but for some reason we always have long dinners. This is a hidden gem, I highly recommend this place. If your in the mood for great, fresh Italian food, you need to give them a try.
Food was decent. Service a bit slow. The lobster ravioli seemed interesting but came out to us not very hot. My gnocchi was pretty good.
Husband and I had lunch there last week after not being back for some time. Salads were good. I had a mushroom panini that was good, but my husband had Tagliatelle al Sugo - spicy braised beef sugo & Parmigiano which was outrageously delicious. Neither of us have had a pasta dish quite like it. Service and food were great. Seating is not the most comfortable in the world and they could improve upon that.
What a gem! Vero is located right off of University Ave and is totally accessible from the Stanford campus. The ambiance is great for family dinners, a date, business meetings, or even a group of friends wanting to celebrate a birthday or other special occasion.  Also, they take reservations. In terms of food, the burrata appetizer was delicious.  I will without a doubt order this the next time I visit.  The calamari was also great and the portion was perfect for our table of four. For my entree I had the tagliatele with beef - creamy, big portion size, a little monotone in taste but I added a little spice to it with the chef's specially made- not on the menu - red peppper garlic oil mixture. It's worth asking for if you like spicy. The added kick provided a needed bite.  This will also be a "must get" for the next time I'm there. Highly recommend Vero - wonderful experience and deliciously homey, affordable Italian dinner.
I admit, I had high hopes for this place.  The ambiance is nice, romantic, very Italian..however the food was just average. We had the steak dish and it was very fatty and greasy. Also,the eggplant parmigiana was not bad..just nothing to write home about..above all not bad.just not great. very nice outdoor seating..although small.
As much as I liked Vero the first time around, I'm docking some stars.  The first time I came here, I thought the food was pretty solid.  This second trip, on the other hand, was disappointing right from the start. My friends and I decided to grab dinner here before heading to a birthday party, and we had called a few days ahead to make a reservation.  Although we showed up at the restaurant right on time, we ended up having to wait about 30 minutes or so since our table was still occupied by the group before us.  While I understand that kind of thing is a little beyond their control, thirty minutes is pretty ridiculous (why not seat us somewhere else?).  Honestly, I wonder if we could have walked in without a reservation and still got the exact same seats. As for the food, I didn't think it was as good this time around: - Shrimp Bisque (soup of the day) ( http://www.yelp.com/biz_... ) - the best of what I tried.  The soup looked fairly simple, but I liked the consistency and it was pretty flavorful. - Fried Calamari ( http://www.yelp.com/biz_... ) - tried my friend's order and it was just okay.  I actually thought the strips of fried onions tasted better than the calamari itself. - Spaghetti alla Vongole ( http://www.yelp.com/biz_... ) - fail for me.  The plate was short on both sauce and flavor, and the pasta was very dry and bland.  While the clams might not have been the problem, they weren't amazing either. While my first experience with Vero might have earned them a four back then, this most recent trip warranted taking stars away.  Combining the two meals, the food overall is a three, but the service brings it down a star (our waiter took off on us a few times).  Sorry Vero, maybe things will be better next time (if I'm ever back again).
On the hunt for some good pasta/Italian food near University Ave, my friend and I turned to the Yelp... Read more 
Lunch today was excellent. Good to know that almost 4 years on, the quality is still up there with the best places in San Francisco. I walk in and the waiter (Brian) remembered me -- by name (and my name isn't the easiest to remember either!) -- and remembered what I'd had (and I did not). It was no longer on the menu, but he instructed the chef to make it again. Best place in Palo Alto, oh and the cheque was reasonable too -- at least compared to what I paid for petrol after. ... Alas, this is the wrong venue to rant about gas prices, will have to write a letter to Shell Corp for that.
One of the better Italian places in the area. The ambience is solid. The waitstaff is brilliant. The... Read more 
I like that this place does fresh pasta. Two of my girlfriends and I dropped by here after happy hour at Reposado. The restaurant was super cute and the food was delicious. Highly recommend trying Burrata cheese (sooo creamy!) and the pastas are delicious. The huge issue I have with this restaurant was our waiter. The waiter tried to convince us to order eggplant. When my girlfriend said she didn't like eggplant, he said you won't even notice that it's eggplant. WTF? I've never had food pushed on me so aggressively. Then he rolled his eyes when two of us shared an entree. Sorry for the tirade, but that specific waiter needs to learn some manners. My friends have been there in the past and said the customer service isn't normally like that. The restaurant has great food and I'd probably give it another shot as long as I can request not to have him as my server.
Tucked away, so less crowded than on the Ave. Good authentically Italian food - not some kind of Olive Garden or fusion experience. If you want Thai infused pasta, go to the Cheesecake Factory. If you want a traditional penne a l'arrabiata, go here.
Very good indeed - glad we finally got the chance to try this place! The winner of the night was the Scialatielli: super creamy sauce, mushrooms, sausage and smoked mozzarella - yum! And the tiramisu was excellent too. Not great for your diet, but totally worth it once in a while!
My fiance and I came here for dinner the other night.  He had the scialatielli ($16) ( http://www.yelp.com/biz_... ).  This was pasta in a creamy sauce with mushrooms, sausage and mozzarella.  He really liked it.   I didn't try it because of the sausage, but it looked good.  I had the ravioli pesto trapenese ($16) ( http://www.yelp.com/biz_... ).  It was alright.  Although there was no mention of it on the menu, I swear the pesto in the raviolis had mint in it.  I like mint in sweet things, but wasn't a big fan of it in this context.   It had a strange aftertaste.  The bread & olive oil were only average for an Italian restaurant.    For dessert we shared a warm flourless chocolate cake with gelato ($7.5) ( http://www.yelp.com/biz_... ).  I didn't like the gelato at all.  The cake was alright, but not as rich & dark as the Yelp reviews led me to believe.  Prices are comparable to other Italian restaurants in downtown PA (i.e. higher than they should be). It wasn't a bad meal by any means, but there are several other Italian places in Palo Alto that I like a lot more, so I think we are unlikely to go back.
I luved this place.. Has a lovely seating area and a open bar.. The staff is very polite and all the servers have an Italian accent.. :) Friday nights.. reservation are must!!! The Food was nice too.. I luved their dessert Torta al Cioccolato  which a warm flourless dark chocolate cake served with vanilla gelato..
Great experience. It's a little tucked away, off University. The waiter was courteous, friendly, and pretty helpful. The wine selection was good, and the waiter was knowledgeable and recommended a great Tuscan red wine. The bread basket came out warm and toasted. Mmm. Arugula salad is good. Nothing particularly special. We asked the waiter what his favorite dish was, and he recommended an off-the-menu spaghetti dish. Slightly spicy tomato based sauce with a thick spaghetti. The spaghetti was perfectly al dente. PERFECT! This was my favorite. The pork was delicious. Came with very creamy mashed potatoes and greens. The greens were a bit tough, but I think it's because they were using kale.and some pinkish celery-like thing. I haven't eaten rhubarb before, so maybe that's what it was? Sorry I'm not more helpful! Otherwise the pork was incredibly tender and surprised me. Espresso was fantastic. Small restaurant, with an intimate vibe. On the expensive side, but the quality more than makes up for it!
Vero is a charming restaurant but appearance only gets you so far in life. Three of us came here late on a Sunday evening for dinner and the place was fairly empty.  Unfortunately for me, they have very slim pickings for vegetarian options (and whatever you do, avoid the broccoli rabe pasta dish!!). Even though they weren't busy they ended up messing up one of our entree orders so our other two dishes sat waiting until they were able to throw together the correct dish. They were largely unapologetic. Bottom line, there are better dinner options in Palo Alto and much better italian food in the Bay Area that I won't be returning to Vero.
My first time here. Went with a friend and we both thought it was a good choice. This place "feels" like an Italian restaurant. Waiter was welcoming and we felt like he knew his way around. He made good suggestions and we enjoyed his service. So, the name seems to fit: true. The food was as Italian as it gets in Italy. I went with the d' giorno dishes, shrimp bisque soup and risotto (an interesting mix of well cooked risotto, al dente veggies, and really supurb Italian cheese and prosciutto (at the suggestion of the waiter). Both were very fresh, hot, and delicious! And, of course, a double espresso to complete the experience.
I've never really liked Italian places in downtown Palo Alto because they are a bit pretentious for the level of service and quality of food. We walked by this place and decided to try it. It was much more decent that I thought it'd be, considering that it's smaller and on the side of  a street (not on University). Maybe that's why they strive to be better, since they don't get as many random people walking in. The atmosphere is intimate and nice. Their menu consists of homemade pastas, fish, meat, and appetizers. I got the risotto del giorno; which is with pancetta and crimini mushrooms, and it was fantastic. The risotto was cooked al dente (it's so hard to not get it mushy anywhere!), the flavours blended well, and the mushrooms tasted fresh. The mister got the daily special pasta. I forgot exactly what it was but the pasta has things blended in, and it was served in lobster broth with basil amongst other things. It was also great! On top of that, the servers were really nice and made us feel right at home. Definitely a place to try if you're sick of the other Italian places in Palo Alto.
Didn't have a very good experience here. My friend made a reservation for our group and yet we still waited about 30-40 minutes for our table. The waitstaff apologized but it would have been nice to be compensated with a free appetizer or something for the table. My friends and I tried a couple pastas and they were just okay. I've had better at Pasta Pomodoro (this is not a dig at Pasta Pomodoro. they have great affordable pasta!). I had my first tomato based risotto at Vero, and I hope it will be my last. The flavor wasn't good, it was very watery, and the rice was soggy.
Vero is very quaint and romantic. Our server was very polite and had a great accent. (usually i'm turned off in general when my waiter has an accent, due to many North beach experiences, if you've walked in North beach you understand). The waitstaff was very efficient and kept our glasses full and table clean with out us speaking a word. Every single special sounded amazing, and there was plenty for a foodie. I ended up having the homemade pasta with duck ragu, and the lady had the spinach and ricotta ravioli. We were both very happy. I would love to go again!
I had the lamb shank and it was perfectly cooked. The service was not great. We ordered the chocolate torte for desert. The waiter informed us it would be 15 minute wait, but after 15 minutes they brought out the wrong desert and we ended up having to wait another 15 minutes for the torte. The waiter said he would comp it, but it ended up not being comped on the bill. By then I was too tired to argue about it. All in all, food was great, service was pretty terrible, hence the OK rating. Oh and they were out of all beer except for Heineken. They had a huge wine selection, but apparently no beer.
Wow.  This place was one of those rare Yelp anomalies.  Usually, I feel that businesses receive lower reviews than they deserve, EXCEPT in this case.  I am dumbfounded at how this Vero could have such high marks. A group of about 15 of us came here to celebrate a birthday, and we chose Vero based solely on the number and strength of the Yelp reviews.  Most of us ordered the dishes that appeared to be the signatures -- the spaghetti alle vongole and the carbonara. I'd guess about 5 of us had the vongole and 5, the carbonara.  Across the board, the remarks were that the vongole was completely tasteless, and the portion was so small - it could have been a kiddie meal.  We had to ask for cheese to sprinkle on it and loaded it with salt and pepper so that it was edible.  As for the carbonara, it tasted like the chef shook out some salt and the lid wasn't screwed on right and the whole thing got dumped in our meals.  It was so salty that NO ONE finished our meals.  Even though we waited about 45 minutes for it to come out. I spoke to the manager. Even after seeing half the (kiddie sized) meals get sent back untouched, he refused to admit that the food might have been off that night.  He was extremely rude and unapologetic, it was shocking.  The waitress was sweet but screwed up so many of the orders -- she must have just started.  I've never had such poor customer service. Don't waste your time with this place.  It's a huge disappointment.
If I can give below this, i would. THE SERVICE SUCKS! Well the hostess/waitress sucks. HER NAME IS YADI! She is very RACIST! ' IF YOUR NOT WHITE DO NOT GO HERE! YADI PRIORITIZE her "white customers" while she has her other ethnic customers wait. She does not greet her ethnic customers when they walk into the door. She was definitly rude and not attentive. She didn't ask me if i wanted anything to drink I had to ask her if she can bring me some bread and a glass of water. Food is good! Ambiance is great!!! Horrbile horrible service! If this company sees this response. GET RID OF THAT SERVER, YADI! SHE IS HORRIBLE AND IS BRINGING YOUR BUSINESS DOWN!!!
Very nice waitress. Had the Spaghetti al Vongole - I love clams. Friend had the Bistecca - grilled skirt steak over arugula and cherry tomatoes Dessert : Torta al Cioccolato - warm flourless chocolate cake oozing with vanilla gelato Cute place!
As part of a business dinner meeting last night I suffered through another crappy so called Italian meal in california. I could not really drink the crappy chianti they provided and their antipasti plate could use a lot of work overall. The salad they served us was about as bland as it gets and where was the dressing? The worst part entrees. My steak was far from aged ny and also tasteless without the arugula. It tasted like something you would get in Mexico and/or Safeway. Mushroom risotto with a pesto sauce on top? It's amazing this place is still in business in palo alto, but then again not everyone knows what good italian food is. There is hope for this place if they get back to basics and try not to overpower the flavors except for the meat which needs gorgonzola and arugula. I special ordered a Piemonte Barolo which was fabulous and saved my night at this joint. They might want to go back to Tuscany and look at the food and entrances to restaurants that highlight the food of the day in the entrance. There is hope but not much in that market of downtown palo alto.
Ok I'll be brief this time. We liked it. Pros: authentic food, courteous and knowledgeable waiters (really!), relaxed ambience and romantic, quiet dining atmosphere. Cons: portions are small-ish, menu choices are not so many, and it's definitely more expensive than the said $$. Pros outweighed cons this time 4:1 hence the score...:)
Let me try and be helpful with my review - Food: good but nothing special - Service: slow and usually terrible - Prices: way over-priced - Ambiance: nothing special With so many good options in Palo Alto, why go here?
It's such a joy to see a flourless chocolate cake on the desert menu when you are allergic to wheat. What's is even more enjoyable, is having a beautifully executed flourless chocolate cake.  Vero does.  Warm and moist, perfect rich chocolate flavor with a delicious strawberry syrup.  Yum! They have a risotto on the menu...I'll try that next time when I come for dinner.
*Qualifier - we only ate here for desserts* My wife and I shared two entree and a cappuccino.  She had the flourless chocolate cake, while I enjoyed the apple tart.  Both were pastry chef quality and deserve a full 5/5. The chocolate cake was moist and the right amount of chocolaty and sweet.  We cleaned the plate. The crust on the Apple Tart was perfect.  Thin, just buttery enough, with a nice subtle crisp.  The Apples were beautifully sliced, cooked, and seasoned (with a wonderful cinnamon). Both were a la mode. The cappuccino was more of a latte (too much steamed milk, not enough frothed milk), but come on - that's pretty typical.  Once you get beyond that, it's clear they use a good machine and bean.  Very tasty. Look forward to going back for dinner.  Great service - small, romantic vibe.
Great little restaurant in downtown Palo Alto.  My friend B. And I started at the Wine Room (around the blok on Ramona) and  got the feeling for the flavor of the Italian!  So voila!  YELP it and ye shall receive. This place, I think, used to be Three Seasons.  It's a cute little space, narrow, but warm and great service.  Our waiter looked like he was the only one on the floor but he keep us feeling attended to, but not overly hovering. He was charming, knowledgable and when I asked for "extra spicy" on my spaghetti, he smiled and said "okay" with a charmingly sexy Italian accent.  Molto Bene! Spaghetti, ravioli, with an order of sexy, creamy, salty, better-than-sex (or so says my friend B, I personally, say HELLS NO!) burrata as an appetizer...and a couple more glasses of wine...and we were in happy dining city. We chatted away the next couple of hours, sharing secrets from each of our little worlds (B gives me tips on how mens' minds work and I tell him how off base he is with his girlfriend...). We shared some ruby port and an apple crostata and a chocolate molten cake with homemade gelato.  Very tasty.  I'm fatter, but happy. I will return and enjoy a night of good conversation, good wine and good food.  Graze Mille Vero!
Avoid this place at all cost!  Quality has diminished dramatically in the last 2 weeks from a 10 down to 0.  There is a new menu and apparently new management and a new chef.  You won't find any of your old favorites on the menu.  When we arrived our reservation request for a booth was not honored even though we were there on time.  The maitre d explained that all tables are "first-come-first-served."  'So what's the point in making a reservation?', I wondered. There was only one waiter to serve over 50 people at 12 different tables.  Obviously, he was in a rush.  He spoke with a Bulgarian accent and could not translate any of the Italian phrases on the menu.  Being new to this menu, we went with the dishes he highly recommended.  That was a mistake.  To say the food was "mediocre" would be too high praise.  The Tagliatelle al Sugo, judging from its taste when properly translated from Italian means "Dogsh*t with Noodles." We could not finish either dish, even though still hungry.  Nor did we ask for a doggy bag, because we did not want to inflict this terrible food on our dog.
Vero has the ambiance of a trendy young first date place.  They play loud trendy music and the crowd is young.  But, unfortunately, the food and service are lacking.  Just slightly better than pasta pomodoro. First, a word about service.  We got there late and there were three empty tables.  They try to sit us right next to another couple.  This was the first sign that the service would not be attentive. Next, when describing the menu, our server did not know what stock was used to make the risotto.  The stock is the flavor of the risotto.  Any additional garnish is only a compliment to the basic flavor.  (btw the stock was vegetable stock.  Meh.) Finally, the server recommended a light northern Italian wine for our meal.  It was a good wine, but it did not have enough acid to stand up to the flavors of the meal. It is not that I expect great service.  But, it is the little things that make dining out special.  I didn't feel that this experience was special. We had the shrimp appetizer, the lasagna, the zupa de peche, and the panna cotta.  The shrimp appetizer was spicy and sour.  It needed more butter to cut the high acid content of the sauce.  The sauce was not unpleasant.  But, it lacked balance. I really wanted to like the lasagna more.  It was nicely presented.  But, again the flavor fell short.  There was too much meat sauce and the noodles were over-cooked.  It needed more cheese.  The meat sauce wasn't cooked long enough and did not have enough fat.  And, the bechamel was barely noticeable. The zupa de peche was mostly tomato.  They needed to add a lot more seafood stock to balance the dish and give it flavor.  I will say that the seafood was cooked very well.  But, the sauce was not good. Finally, we had a panna cotta.  There was not enough gelatin in the pana cotta and it fell apart.  My gf said that it had the texture of face cream.  The flavor was nice.  But, it was not a good dish. I really wanted to like this place more.  The meats were cooked well.  Unfortunately the sauces were not good.  The price was not outrageous and it was young and hip.  It might be a good date place if you are not overly concerned about good food because the ambiance is nice.  But, I do not think I will be coming back, I will mention one more thing.  The bread was nice.  The crust was nice and flavorful and thick.  But, it had a light texture and did not cut the roof of my mouth like other crusty breads.
Go here for the food. But if you want to learn about service, go here but watch carefully... As any restaurateur can tell you, the biggest profit margins lie in alcohol, not food. That's why many restaurants will tell you your table "isn't quite ready... would you like to grab a drink at the bar?" and some will even go so far as to delay a plate in anticipation of you drinking too much of your first glass of wine and "forcing" you to order another. While that's not the case here, there's a somewhat frustrating phenomenon with service that I've rarely (if ever) seen before... having to ASK for another glass of wine. There are many skills a server needs to master but, in my mind, one of the primary ones is to spot TWO empty wine glasses on a table of 3/4-full plates. Alarm bells and sirens should be going off in their heads when they spot such a situation (and, ideally, in the minds of every employee who walks past that table. A BUSBOY should stop, ask about the wine, and send a waiter over if he spots the above scenario.) Twice we were left waiting for our server to come by (in a maybe 1/2-full restaurant) to order more wine. Pastaroni tastes better? Doubtful, and you're probably one of the few in this list that has ever tried Pastaroni (or in the universe, for that matter). Seriously, the food is very good; not perfect, not table-gripping, but very good. Solve the service problem and you've got a winner.
Authentic Italian food with decent wine list. Deserts are amazing, too! I enjoy the atmosphere in this place, which is more charming than some of the other Italian restuarants in the area.
Pretty good place to eat. Menu is a bit limited but the food is excellent and the ambience is great.
Oh Vero how I love thee...let me count the ways.  Let me say at the very beginning their food is simple, easy, authentic, and tastes AMAZING!  Why you might ask have I only given them 4 stars.  Well, its just so hard to know when they are open!!  They don't have their hours on the door, not on the website..its very frustrating when I want my Vero fix.  But if you can find them open...then the service is warm and efficient, you get your freshly made food fast, wine selection is great, ambiance is ...a low pressure intimate date with good food wine and conversation.  Desserts...yummm!
This is not a judgement or review of the food - but more of the service and community help aspect. I actually really like their food, and have therefore become somewhat of a regular here when i'm not in italy. I chat with the waiters and owners b/c i usually go on weeknights and when the restaurant is kind of slow. Recently when i was there dining, i had parked my car right outside the restaurant and someone decides to not know how to drive and back into my car. we see what is happeneing through the window and head outside. As do a few poeple in the restaurant including the owner who happened to be standing there in the main dining room near the door. Anyway - long story short the people are denying it happened and i have been forced to get a statement from a non-biased witness. I have called, gone to, and dined at vero trying to speak to the owner to either get a statement from him or one of the employees and i have been ignored. As a local customer i feel extremely frustrated that the owner wont even TALK TO ME. because to be honest if i just got a statement from him the case would be over, and i personally think in a small community like this a restaurant owner should go above and beyond to help his loyal clients. I am not asking much, and i think it is very rude that i had been given this run around.
just moved back from italy- had been craving vongole for not being in italy the vongole here was... Read more 
**AWESOME ITALIAN FOOD IN PALO ALTO BUT SO-SO SERVICE** We arrived at 11:22AM and the staff told us to wait since they did not open until 11:30AM. We waited and chatted outside until it was 11:31AM. The staff did not retrieve us, so we had to announce that we were planning to eat now. In addition, it took awhile between the soup and the entree to come out. I was not pleased with the service here. Regardless, the food was actually good. Ordered the following: (1) Soup of the Day - Lentil with some spinach was hearty and fresh. I liked it and it was filling. (2) Spaghetti Alla Carbonara - pancetta, eggs, black pepper and Parmigiano cheese was wonderfully cooked and flavored. Not too greasy, just a good amount of cheese and pancetta. Very good and would eat this again. If you had a lot of time to leisure around and don't care about service, I would recommend since the food was good.
The appearance of this restaurant is beautiful, but the food, service, and wine are terrible. I had the pesto almond ravioli and it was covered in blobs of cheap black pepper. It had way too much almond, and came to me cold. The pesto was good though. The waiter hovered the whole night not giving up any space, but some how forgot to give us our over priced wine and plates to eat our stale bread on. The waiter did try to make up for his wine mistake and give us a "surprise" after dinner. Which was not a complimentary dish. He tried to offer a Turkish liquor... but we politely declined but ended up giving us a scoop of chocolate mouse with ready whip on top...Unless you know the owner, don't bother.
Our new favorite Italian restaurant in the Bay Area! The food is always excellent & authentic. We've tried almost everything on the menu & haven't been disappointed yet. Service can be slow even though they're not usually busy. I think some of the staff just doesn't know how to wait tables, but they always try hard and are very friendly. Other servers are excellent. Desserts are to die for. Great place to stop in for a leisurely coffee and panna cotta. Delish!
What a great find! Vero is one of the better Italian restaurants in downtown Palo Alto. Tucked away on a quieter side street, it is a little gem that I missed countless times until recently celebrating a friend's birthday. The service is impeccable! Super friendly hosts/hostesses greeted us, were conversational, personable, and humorous. It made the dining experience even more enjoyable! With the portion sizes being presumably large, we ordered the following items to share among the 3 of us: - Burrata with arugula: Flawless! Amazing atop the warm bread slices and accompanied with balsamic & olive oil. Not to be missed as a starter item! - Ravioli pesto trapanese: Ricotta and spinach-filled ravioli with a tomato sauce. The ravioli was topped with crushed almond, which provided a contrasting granular texture to the otherwise smoothly palatable ravioli. Interesting touch, and delicious! - Risotto del giorno (chef's special daily prep): This was a vegetable risotto of the day. It was considerably less creamy than the average risotto dish, and thus lighter to eat. Portion size is quite large, so definitely shareable among two people. - Torta al Cioccolato: A flourless dark chocolate cake served with vanilla gelato. Such a pretty-looking cake to celebrate a birthday! This dessert didn't have the dense-like quality that many flourless cakes have, which was definitely appreciated. Each warm bite melted in your mouth and when accompanied with the cold vanilla gelato...resulted in magic!! We also ordered a 1/2 bottle of prosecco, which tasted wonderful and was great way to top off a special occasion dinner. Thanks, Vero Ristorante, for offering us a great birthday dinner experience. We'll be sure to pass on the word!
I really wanted to like Vero... I really did. My friend and I ventured in here one day for lunch and were excited to try their pasta, given the (mostly) positive reviews on Yelp. The first thing we noticed was that we were the only people in the entire restaurant (which was the case throughout the entire meal). Nonetheless, we still tried to give the place the benefit of the doubt. We quickly discovered why there was no one in here... The linguine with clams I ordered was probably the worst I've had in my life. I was sad that they butchered my favorite pasta dish, especially when I have enjoyed countless portions of linguine with clams at Osteria down the street (for about half the price). How hard can it be to make linguine with clams? The noodles were stale, undercooked perhaps, tough to chew, and coated with grease. The sauce had little to no flavor (except that of cooking oil), and the clams themselves were rubbery (not to mention few and far between). All in all, this tasted nothing like linguine con vongole. I found myself trying to force down bites and couldn't get through more than half of the plate. The ravioli didn't fare much better (although it was slightly more edible than the linguine). Neither my lunch companion nor I was a fan of the sauce, and the ravioli itself was also hard (probably also undercooked). Sadly, the best thing about the meal was the warm bread. All in all, the food was a major let down (especially given the average # of stars on Yelp), not to mention overpriced for what it is(total bill for lunch = around $40). My motto is "will pay for quality," but the food here just doesn't cut it.
After the hectic drive down University Avenue, tummies grumbling, we made a hasty right-hand turn to escape the madness. The tranquility of Bryant St allowed us to spot Vero, which we both thought *must* have been a new restaurant. We walked in at 7:30p on a Saturday to a table for two. This is the kind of place I love: no reservations, no waiting outside, but more than enough people inside to make it feel vibrant and alive. After hearing the specials, we went straight to the entrees with the Involtini di Pesce and the day's pasta (Penne with Mushrooms and Gorgonzola). I ordered a glass of the La Boatina Pinot Grigio; for $9.50, it delivered the crispness I wanted with just a little bite to it. The penne was perfect... al dente, creamy and cheesy without being too heavy. And... for the swordfish... *** Erin's Italian Dictionary: Involtini = flavor and deliciousness rolled into bits of heaven. *** The pine nuts, basil, mint and bread crumbs rolled with the swordfish fillets were superb. Delicate, flavorful and not too fishy. Hungry-man diners should note that you get three small rolls with sauteed asparagus and spinach. A smallish portion for $18.5, but the flavor was more than worth it for me (and it allowed room for dessert!). Speaking of... the dessert menu sparkled with five selections, all $7. I had spied desserts whisking by our table earlier, and if I was wearing sweatpants, I could have easily ordered four of them. To avoid a descent into gluttony, we split the warm chocolate souffle. You can never go wrong with warm+chocolate+gelato+berries and Vero didn't disappoint. Simply sinful. Open for 2-1/2 years now, Vero has claimed a permanent spot on my go-to restaurant list. Excellently executed dishes and a warmth in the atmosphere that makes me want to invite my whole family to eat and talk the night away.
3.5 stars This place automatically gets +1 star for its fabulous name! We walked into a charming little dimly lit restaurant looking around for a host. We made eye contact with a few different people who looked like either the owner or wait staff meandering around. We were confused, until a guy in street clothes waved us over. We had reservations on a Friday night. The place was not at all crowded. We ordered a combo of 3 for the Antipasti: marinated provolone, an olive oil anchovies spread, and a zucchine and bay shrimp salad. All three tasted beautifully paired with the (fresh) crusty on the outside and soft on the inside (complimentary) bread. My friend had a hard time with the anchovies though. Our entrees were the Spaghetti alle vongole (Clams in a clam white wine sauce) and the Paccheri (thick pasta with cherry tomato sauce and prawns). We couldn't pronounce our dishes worth crap and our waiter seemed to enjoy correcting us (rather smugly). The taste of our meals was authentic, we were happy. However, our waiter irked me something fierce. For example, it wasn't terribly busy so instead of keeping busy with other tasks he seemed to be waiting for us to finish. As soon as I announced to my friend that I was done eating, he hurried over and took my plate. Seemed like he was listening to our conversation and hurrying us out. I like a little intimacy with my romantic Italian meal, thankyouverymuch!!!!
Wow, I can't believe my last post-- it was been awhile. I recently went here for a work event and it was *gasp* enjoyable!! Our party was small so that might be why this experience was so much better than before!! The only thing that has not changed was the service-- while the waiter wasn't rude to me he wasn't too fond of the fact that people didn't drop silent when he spoke. Perhaps he was having a long day, either way, he wasn't too easy to get along with. He did recommend a lovely dessert, a warm apple tart with vanilla ice cream. It was lovely. I'd recommend small groups for this venue. As for food, I very much enjoyed my eggplant parmigiana! The portion wasn't too large but the quality of the breading, etc was fantastic.
I am big on customer service... and the staff was a little rude. I get it, a group of 15... Read more 
Thanks to Yelp, I found this nice Italian restaurant to have dinner with my friends, and they all love it. :) This is a small and nicely decorate place. The waitress was very nice and helpful. She explained the menu to us very detail and let us know what's the special of the night. One of my friend ordered the Lamb Chop, cook in medium -- YUMMY!!! I'm already drooling when I think of it. If you love lamb, this is a MUST TRY dish. The lamb is very tender, and it will melt inside your mouth. I had the special of the night: Kobe Beef, cook in medium. Not as tender as I expected, but it still tasty. Should have ordered the LAMB CHOP! My other friends order the Bucatini allAmatriciana, it's delicious too! They cooked the noodles just right, did not overcooked or undercooked. Prefect! At last, dessert time. We order the Tirmairsu. How is it? Let me put it this way: one of our friend was not planing to touch it, but in the end, she ate the most of it.
My second time around was just as great as the first time.  We both had different dishes.  The tagliatelle al sugo (braised beef tagliatelle) is recommended along with the Cozze (steamed mussels).  The spaghetti vongole was just okay;  My home cooked version rivals.  I'd probably get something else the next time around. The service can be slow at times but the food and ambience completely makes up for it.  i consider myself a regular.
Wow.  Delicious.  We had a great dining experience here. Vero is on Bryant, a side street just off... Read more 
a very nice place! I came with two of my friends. We had the sea bass (special of the day), new york steak (bad choice for an italian restaurant... I know) and the lasagna. Everything was pretty tasty, not very impressed though. And then came the desert which blowed my mind away!!! We ordered the chocolate cake with gelato and it was soooooooooo good. Warm, soft chocolate cake hit with cool vanilla gelato brought out the best of both. I think that is the best desert I've ever had!! The dinner was a little pricy, over $100 for three people... But mostly because we ordered two of the special of the day and some appetizers too... I think if you order some pastas which would be much cheaper. Anyway I feel it is worth the price.
I made reservations through Yelp but we didn't need them. The place was empty at noon on Friday. Food: 3 stars Service: 4 stars Ambience: 3 starts Everything was just okay. The potato leek soup was good. My salmon panini was okay but not great.  My friend order the spagetti carbonata. I didn't hear rave review or complaints from him. Our opinion was a solid 3.
Probably closer to 3.5 stars, but I bumped it up because service was friendly and fast (although there were no people there so I would hope so!  Went during lunch time), and the bread was brought out piping hot and it was soo good, crispy on the outside, soft on the inside.  Mmmm. Ok, for the "real" food, I got the soup of the day which was a spicy tomato soup with fennel, vegetables, and some pasta.  Good, but had a weird spice in it that tasted strange to me.  I also got the breaded eggplant sandwich.  Again, the bread: DELICIOUS, the eggplant etc was good, but lacked a bit of flavor, I would've maybe liked a tomato sauce more so than the actual tomatoes. I think I'd go back and try the pasta and desserts (based on what I've heard), but so far mediocre for me.
Nice decor and excellent cuisine. The price is slightly high, but worth it considering the quality. Great service and good Italian wines as well. We had the lasagna, which was shocking good considering what a standard issue dish it's supposed to be. Much more than simple layers of pasta, meat sauce and cheese. It had a great combination of flavors and textures. We also had the risotto of the day, with asparagus, homemade sausage and truffle oil. Incredibly good! Highly recommended!
PASTA RONI FROM THE BOX TASTES WAY BETTER! All eight of the ladies in our dinner party were unsatisfied with their dishes. You can definitely make better pasta dishes at home. We all left still hungry and disappointed by the service and whole experience.
I like this place a lot. 1st star is for Italian authenticity.  The fellow who waited on us (the proprietor?) was genuinely Italian.  He looked my wife up and down and told me I was a lucky man.  Any mf who would cast elevator eyes on my smoking hot wife who was NOT Italian, I would consider decking.  He's Italian and the kick-your-ass bar is set much higher...they can't help themselves.  It is both genetic and cultural. There was also a gathering of two Italian families at the next table. 2nd star: Everything was served with a bit of Mediterranean flourish.  It all could have tasted like cat poo and I would have been into it because of our server.  He was great...loved what he was doing, and loved the food he was serving. 3rd star: The meal.  We started with sauteed calamari with a little bit of fresh oregano.  Simple and perfectly cooked, I was reminded that any schmo can fry calamari---this took some effort.  The prosecco was delicious.  My wife's clam pasta was as fresh as it could be and the pasta was clearly hand-made.  The same was true of my gnocchi.  Them was some magical taters. 4th star: Setting.  Set just off of the bustle of University Avenue, Vero is nice and quiet.  Overall the experience felt very authentic. Why not 5 stars?  What, like I give those away?! Definitely worth a try.
I was just not impressed with this place. Firstly because of the incredibly slow, inattentive, lackluster service and second because of the equally lackluster food. There was a delay in having us seated even though there were plenty of empty tables at 7:30 and once we told our waiter that we had one more person coming he disappeared. Even after our last guest arrived it took our waiter about 15 minutes to come back.  Our food took an incredibly long time to come out with no apology from the waitstaff. Food was ok, not inedible but I've certainly had better (at Pasta? no less!) and for the price, definitely not worth it. The crowd here was much older and "refined" than some of the other University joints so perhaps we just didn't look like we had enough years and money on us?
The service here is an embarrassment.  I can't even remember the food because the waiter was such a standout.  While one could venture that it isn't the restaurant's fault, I would blame them for allowing him to work here. I asked for wine recommendations and the waiter's answer was something along the line of, 'that is a white wine, that is a red wine.'  Thanks buddy.  I asked for a taste of two wines and was told that the waiter was too busy to bring tastes.  A cursory glance around the restaurant and I saw one other occupied table.  Any sane person would have stood up and left, but as I was with a party of four others, I decided to remain quiet.  I chose a glass of wine and it did not arrive until long after the food and several reminders.  The check also took a while, which is egregious considering that restaurants who want to get paid should at least provide prompt check service.  I won't be back here.
We've been looking for a reliable Italian place in the south bay -- something comparable to The Last Supper Club, which we love, in SF.  We may have found it in Vero. Almost all of the pastas on the menu are hand-made fresh (the waiter was kind enough to point out the couple that weren't), and the Amatriciana sauce was *great*, the right balance of tomato, onions, spice, all that good stuff.  The Zuppa di Pesce was also good, and a good change of pace since it's something we don't typically order. The service was excellent.  We had a reservation and were seated immediately, and the waiter and hostess were responsive and attentive through the meal.  They let us taste a couple wines before deciding on a bottle.  When we were having trouble deciding between two desserts, our waiter recommended one and said he'd happily swap it out for the other if we decided we didn't like it.  (The tiramisu turned out to be really good -- a bit creamier than typical, but in a good way.) We'll definitely be heading back in the near future.
Adorable, romantic atmosphere.  There's usually a faint hush in the restaurant which adds to the intimacy that dining under Christmas lights strung across the ceiling has already created.  The service is top-notch and with -careful ordering-, you'll have a great evening here. ++ | Any selection of Primi | Great selection of pasta here - particularly Tagliatelle.  To avoid hit-or-miss plates, make sure to request al dente and ask for a bit extra sauce if possible. ++ | Vitello | Paper-thin veal breaded and fried to perfection.  Not too oily, not too dry. -- Cozze (Steamed Mussels) Perhaps I was spoiled by Evvia's baked prawns the weekend before, but I was hoping for something with a bit more substance.  The mussels here are cooked to perfection, but the sauce is a bit thin although smooth. Pricey, but your date will leave feeling loved: Dinner for 2 = $86
After living in the bay area for three years, I can definitely call this place the top Italian restaurant on the peninsula.  The pastas are home-made, fresh, and delicious.  We get the Burrata appetizer every time we come, because it's just that good.  Service is usually great, although can be a little slow during the dinner rush.  Usually you need reservations unless you're like us and come in after 9pm.  :-)  There is a lot to be said for large restaurants, but I really like the charm and coziness of Vero.
My wife and I decided to celebrate our 21 year wedding anniversary with a trip to Watercourse Way and dinner at Vero (based on the many Yelp recommendations). The wait staff were fantastic. It seems so easy these days to treat customers like in-laws (unwanted but necessary guests). Vero has got it, from the warm greeting at the door to the people how clear you plates...these guys could teach some of the better restaurants in SF how its done. I'm sad to say the food was just ok. They did mention that the menu had just changed so I'm not sure if they need to work the kinks out. We started with a variety of small plates (olives, salami & a shrimp salad) which was very tasty. My wifes gnocci was a little dry and not very interesting. Not bad, just blah. It had a few shavings of parmigiana but that was really about it. My pork chop seasonings was a bit heavy on the salt and didn't balance well with the meat which was just a bit dry for my taste. Dessert was very good and the wine with dinner (recommended by our waiter) was perfect. I'd go again and give them another shot.
Vero's reviews on Yelp are a little overrated - this is definitely more of a 3 star restaurant as opposed to 4. The service was generally unobtrusive, although our waitress kept on interrupting me as I was holding my date's hand over the table.  Couldn't she have just replaced the silverware, refilled water, or given me the menu from the other side of the table? The food is decided ordinary, with smallish portions and unremarkable quality.  Osteria, off of Emerson and also in Palo Alto, has better food at comparable prices, although (and to be expected) it is busier. Overall, Vero is a generic Italian restaurant to which I wouldn't be opposed to going, but which I wouldn't recommend either.
What a lovely Italian restaurant! I came here for dinner with a friend on a Friday night and was quickly seated at a table. I had the bucatini all'amatriciana, while my friend had the gnocchi. I LOVED my dish! The sauce was delicious; the pasta was cooked just right. Bucatini may just be my new favorite type of pasta (move over, penne!). The atmosphere of this place is very cozy yet modern, and our server was very nice. I would definitely come back to try some of their other pasta dishes. -L.
Okay, for the first time, I am disappointed at Yelp's review. Me and my friend were trying to find a nice Italian restaurant for a special occasion. And based on the review here, we decided that we are going to give Vero a shot. However, it turned out that Vero @ palo alto is such a mediocre Italian restaurant. The eggplant was flavorless, and the salami was well i cannot really call it salami. Risotto and tomato soup slow cooked fish were no better than what I can cook easily. The only good thing I like is their wine list, they really got good wines at very decent price. I personally prefer Osteria's Pasta, and Lasagna from La Strada Ristorante Italiano in Palo Alto
"I will have the gnocchi" I blurted out to the smiling waitress out of turn before others in my party were able to order. OK, I got a little too excited about the gnocchi based on some of the other reviews. It turned out to be good but not great. I like that it was not too creamy or rich like most other places. The service was excellent, I wish I could always be as cheerful as our waitress was.  Vero is good, better than most Italian places in Mountain View and on par with some others places near University in Palo Alto.
We made a trip down the peninsula on Saturday night and ended up here for dinner.  We scored a parking spot across the street in the rainy weather, so there must have been some good karma going on this evening. So we sit down and order a bottle of really nice blended red that I'd buy all the time if I knew where to find it.  My wife and I then shared the Campo de Fiori salad for an appetizer.  The salty bresaola went very well with the sweet honey dressing.  They also provide excellent bread for dipping in an olive/olive oil sauce. I ordered the sea bass and my wife ordered the swordfish, it was strange going to an italian restaurant and not ordering a pasta dish (which there are several on the menu) but both were excellent.  The sea bass came with an excellent tomato caper sauce and the swordfish was served as a stuffed roll with pinenuts, breadcrumbs, garlic and mint.  The portions were more than adequate as I did not have room to finish what my wife had leftover. The desert menu came and we did manage to find room for the apple tart on the menu.  It was also an excellent choice and had a very light crust. One nice part of the service was that we were not rushed in any way once we were done eating.  We were with another couple and were free to chat until we were ready to leave.  It's a nice extra touch that you don't see too often.
**This is not a review of the food... I would have liked to have tried this place for my bf's b-day, but they didn't bother answering the phone when I called to make a reservation. Update- Wow!  Vero not only pays attention to their reviews here on yelp, but I actually got an e-mail concerning my review.  I think it's awesome that they cared enough to respond and apologize.  We'll definitely be giving this place a try.  They have good customer service already and we haven't even eaten there!
Quality Italian in Palo Alto. Quiet cozy ambiance. Minimal server intrusion. A nice assortment of California and Italian whites and reds. The eggplant parmesan appetizer was very delicious. Thin eggplant texture, hint of egg dancing with the cheese and the beautiful red sauce. Thick yet lacking oppression. Tasty dish. Great bread, nice olive oil and balsamic. The pasta alla carbonara is out of this world. It's really my favorite pasta dish, the pancetta is nice and browned and crisp, and provides a wonderful contrast to the creaminess of the egg. Vero pulls off the simplistic beauty of Italian very well. It's a nice place to spend the evening.
Yelp, you done me wrong.  This is one of the few businesses I have patronized based on Yelp reviews that I felt was very off.  I dined here the other night and had a very different experience than others who have reviewed this restaurant.  In reading one review, it appears that there has been a change in chefs recently, so that may explain why I didn't care for the food. After sitting down for about five minutes and catching up with our friends, our friendly server came by to take our order.  We weren't quite ready, so we asked her to give us a few minutes.  A few minutes turned into ten and I had to flag her down in order to get her attention.   One member of our party asked for no red onions in her salad, but the salad arrived with red onions.  To be fair to our server, she did write it down, so the kitchen wasn't being very attentive.  I ordered the Campo di Fiore salad and enjoyed it.  The honey and bresaola combination was quite nice.  That was probably the highlight of our evening. Our party found the flavor in our entrees really lacking.  Two of us had lasagna, one had spaghetti carbonara, and the other had the papparadelle with porcinis.  My lasagna was lukewarm and the pasta was mushy.  It seemed like the dish had been sitting under a warming lamp for quite awhile.  The papparadelle dish was bland.  Porcinis are a very flavorful mushroom, but their woodsy taste was missing in this dish. With all of the wonderful reviews, I really wanted to like this place, but unfortunately, I would not go back.
I went here a few weeks ago when some family came to visit... Staff was incredibly nice--but not overly attentive. We each started with a salad, I opted for the Arugola (w/shaved parm. and a lemon vinaigrette) which was really tasty--everyone else had the Mista which they all enjoyed. I then moved onto the Spaghetti Carbonara which was delicious! Others tried the Gnocchi, Lasagna, and the Spaghetti al Pomodoro all of which were excellent. The only not so tasty plate was the Orecchiette... the flavor was good, but the dish was too dry... if it wasn't for this dish, I would have given Vero 4 stars, but instead they get 3.5.
What a meal!  The shrimp had just the right amount of spice, the sea bass was perfectly prepared and the chocolate dessert was rich and wonderfully filling. I went home remembering the great food and conversation, but also wondering how I got a word in edgewise since I was eating all the time.  I just couldn't get enough!
It's unfortunate this place doesn't get more patronage. If it were on University ave proper it would probably be decently crowded. I had gone a few years back with the ex and remember having a good meal and time. Went back for lunch and found a fairly empty restaurant. Had the rigatoni al sugo with braised beef and the burrata salad to start. Everything was solid. For $13, the entree price is a deal in downtown Palo Alto. Simple, straightforward, well prepared Italian.
The location seemed familar for we had came here many years ago when it was a little French restuarant, L'amie Donia. Now it's a little Italian restuarant with pretty good food. We were running alittle late and called on our way. They held our table for they were full with a large party. We started with the Peperonata and Carpaccio. My wife enjoyed her Peperonata but my Carpaccio seemd alittle too drenched in olive oil. Our primis were the Risotto di Mare and Pappardelle ai Porcini. Again, nothing wonder but good. Fellow Yelpers for the most part really like them so do give them a try.
Yelp has this cool button on the side that says "trend" near the picture of the review distribution. Click it. You will see what is going on here -- namely a downward trend --- which is exactly what Vero is suffering from. Sort reviews by most recent date, you will see what I mean too. First my advice for Vero --- have a lunch menu. Lunch prices are robbery, plain ridiculous! I have so many options in Palo Alto at under $10, and even Zibbibo has a 3 course lunch for $17. Here, I get a basic pasta for that price. I hope the owners read this review and get a clue that you cannot charge prices like this for basic food for lunch --- there is a reason the place is pretty much empty every day at lunch time. Second, as per a review below "the reviews on Yelp are overrated - this is definitely more of a 3 star restaurant as opposed to 4." No doubt, and a 3 star place is a stretch. A 3 star food quality with 2 star prices and service make it more like a 2 star place. The bread -- warm soft sourdough -- is excellent. No doubt about that. Otherwise, the pasta and mains are quite plain and uninspiring or imaginative. If I wanted better Italian down the street, I could go to Osteria --- I'd pay less, too. This place is a run of the mill restaurant that has convinced itself it is an elite fantastic place. 2 stars on Yelp is "Meh. I've experienced better." which describes this place perfectly.
After reviewing what fellow Yelpers had said we decided to try this place out. I made online reservations around 10am on Saturday for the same day at 730pm. When we got there we had to wait 45min after our planned time. They did take care of us while we were waiting at the bar. When we finnaly got seated we ordered the ravioli and the chicken. The Chicken was great, however, the ravioli came out FROZEN!!! By this point we were both extremely annoyed with what was supposed to be a romantic evening. The server also seemed to loose interest in us when we finally got seated. In the end they did comp the  wine and tea which is an insult. I expected another dinner on the house or something at a minimum. will we go back? NO WAY
I visited Vero today for lunch with some friends. We had a wonderful lunch. The food was some of the best Italian that I have had in quite awhile. The waitress although new at the job was very helpful and attentive. I had ravioli with a spinach and ricotta filling, and a wonderful pale orange cream sauce. We were served a warm crusty bread with a flavored olive oil, terrific. If you want a quiet place to have a romantic lunch or to talk business, while enjoying great food this is an excellent choice. Rick H-S
Finally, a great Italian place without prices through the roof, or more cream on their dishes than there is on Paris Hilton's face every night. I came here on a Wednesday night, and the place was at about medium capacity.  I ordered the lamb chops, and my girlfriend ordered the Eggplant Parmesan. Unfortunately the wait for the food was ridiculously long.  I mean I could have driven to Petaluma, grabbed a lamb, executed it without remorse, butchered it, and driven back to Palo Alto in the amount of time we had to wait.  Fortunately the dish was excellent, and was a good manly sized portion.  Too many places give tiny portions that only work for a 120 lb hipster who just wants to a bit of food to go with their PBR. The Eggplant Parmesan was also excellent, great quality cheese and fresh tasting tomatoes. Other than the long wait, this place was awesome.  I recommend you try it out.
I haven't been to Vero in 5 months but right when I walked in, all the staff remembered me.  Not only did they remember my face, Mossimo kindly asked me if my ankle has healed (last time when I visited I had a sprained ankle).  I couldn't believe that he'd remember this minor detail! The food was great as usual.  I really love their crispy bread and it goes well with the sauce accompanying the steamed mussel.  Bf got the skirt steak which we've had before.  I got the braised beef pasta.  Vera helped us chose an Italian wine and it went very well with our meal. They were extremely busy on a Friday night but Mossimo and Antonio still attempted to talk to all the patrons personally.  Great food is one thing but great service is another.  This type of restaurant is rare  these days and I'd highly recommend it to anyone looking for a great evening.
Vero is a charming little place tucked away on Bryant street, away from the chaos of University Ave.... Read more 
Vero was up against my high italian food standards, because i spent 4 weeks in italy where 'good' italian food was readily available at any random restaurant on the street. still, i had high hopes since my friend JM recommended this place "The gnocchi is DELISH, and the veal is excellent" he says excitedly. i believed his enthusiasm because he too had spend a month travelling in Italy - but it's been a while... and ones expectations might have slipped with time. i was here saturday night with a buddy, anxious to try the first italian meal since i got back. The whole inside was reserved for "Grads of 2009" and since we didn't have reservations (but we were early like 6pm) - we got a table outside, not bad. shared appertizers were the mussels, which was actually delicious. this was the high point of the meal. I should've just ordered 3 of these as my main and stuffed myself silly. the bread is decent, fresh, hot and soft. (sorry that that sounded naughty, but isn't) i had been searching for good carbonara pasta since my Rome trip - the exquisitely rich-without-cream sauce of the carbonara i had there would make angels weep. i know it's high standards, but i was told Vero was 'authentic' and so that's what i got. my friend stayed safely to the recommended veal scaloppini. my Spaghetti Alla Carbonara was disappointing. it was a lot more like my own amateur attempts to make this at home (pre Italy trip) than any versions of carbonara i had anywhere in italy. bland. greasy. unmemorable. i'm sorry, but it's really not fantastic at all. true the pasta was al dente, but that's about the only highlight of this dish. I tried a piece of the veal, and though it's decently flavorful, the whole plate of just the veal (with a sliver of arugula salad) was too much of just 1 'flavor profile'. after your 2nd piece of veal, the flavor gets boring. yes, more veal, more meat, whoop dee doo. The service was comical as well - dinner was a treat for my buddy since it was his bday, but the WaiterGuy kept talking to him instead of me. WaiterGuy would stand behind my chair but gesture and talk with my friend (male) and not even make eye contact. it got so that my friend and i decided that i would obediently play along like a non-speaking good docile womanly role, until the cheque came, where i would whip out my CC and pay for the meal. it was fun and funny, but not intentionally, it's the italian macho attitude. Dude, if you don't know which of us might be writing down that tip amount you're trying to earn, it might be cool to be nice to BOTH of us. i was going to give this 2.5 stars, but the mussels were really decent. so I'm bumping it up to 3 stars. but honestly, it'll be a long time of trying many other italian restaurants before i'd go back here. you're not so Vero afterall, my friend.
Welcoming service. Excellent, authentic house-made pasta and deserts. Focuses menu on a few things very well made plus seasonal specials. The house-made tagliatelle pasta with slow-braised, shredded beef was wonderful - not overly salty as many southern Italian restaurants make them. The menu included interesting choices not often found, like the "chocolate salami"  with gelato. The wine list focuses on Italian wines, many more by the glass than usual. The Sardinian red wine recommended by the waiter was a good complement to the tagliatelle pasta.
I really enjoyed the atmosphere, the food, the wine, and the employees! My boyfriend and I came in pretty late (close to ten) without reservations and not only did they still serve us, everything they served was delicious. I never felt like they were rushing us out of there because they were closing. We will definitely be back!
Vero is not the best Italian food I've ever had, but it is an excellent restaurant and I'll be back again. The ingredients were fresh and properly prepared, the food was served very hot, the plates were thoroughly preheated (very important and very few restaurants do this), and the service was friendly and properly paced. I found no major flaws and I'll be back again, hence I give it 5 stars. For an appetizer, we ordered mussels in a tomato broth. It was outstanding. The mussels were very fresh (and this was on a Tuesday night), the broth was savory and deep, the dish was served very hot and stayed hot. We drank the broth to the last drop. Five minutes later came a mushroom risotto that we shared. It too was very hot and warmed the body on a cold rainy night. The risotto texture was properly toothy and the broth was earthy and rich. I guess my only complaint is the portion was huge, but the waiter warned us. Next time I'll eat less, take it home, and save room for secondi. Five minutes later came sea bass which was pan fried and then braised in a tomato broth. It was as fresh as could be and perfectly cooked. It was moist and hot all the way to the thickest part, flaked off when poked with a fork, and just a pleasure to eat. Finally, we ordered the flourless chocolate torte with vanilla gelato for dessert. This was the prefect ending to a great meal. The gelato was creamy and tasted genuine, nothing artificial about the flavor. The torte was very dark chocolate (I love chocolate, but it must be deadly dark, and this met my criteria), sweet as one would expect, but not overly sweet. The texture was like butter. It was served very hot and complimented the cold gelato as it should. Some people complained about the service here, but I think they aren't used to European style service which is not as hands on and is slower paced. Frankly, I welcome this slower pace. Eating out at a restaurant is not about caloric intake. It's an experience and should be savored. Bravo Vero, job well done.
3.5 stars. Actually, they deserve 4 stars for the food - the pastas are so good and the perfect portion too.   (PS:  one trusted friend did say the risotto is not good but I have yet to try). The place is very quaint and cozy, somehow it's still "unknown" so it doesn't get too crowded. Service is on the slower side.  My biggest gripe with them is the inability to speak with someone live and lack of response - this makes making or confirming a reservation a big challenge. Still...I would go back for the food.
UPDATE 6/23/08 Came here with a group of friends for a graduation party.  I must say that this time, I am certain that this is a 3 star place.  They've gotten rid of the fantastic eggplant wrapped crab appetizer, and changed up their pastas too.  Neither of those changes have made this a better place.  The food is fine, and the service is very nice.  But they are expensive for what they are and I felt a little ripped off. My vote is still with Osteria.
More like 3.5 stars. A friend of mine told me that she thought Vero was the best Italian restaurant... Read more 
Superb service from a very friendly staff.  They accommodated our party of 12 in the back and setup a table just for us.  With their assorted appetizer platter, you get to choose 2-3 small plates of different appetizers.  I wasn't hungry and barely tasted them but the dishes looked simply exquisite and authentic (for California!) For the entree, I had the daily special of pan fried flounder filet that came with fingerling potatoes and onions.  They brought me lemon wedges upon request.  The fish tasted fresh and I was grateful for that. Didn't taste the wine but others all enjoyed it.  Waiter came and shook our hands before he left and they never rushed us to leave after 2.5 hours.  Pricing is reasonable.
Had dinner here last week with two girlfriends.  We all enjoyed it quite a bit and will certainly be back. The arugola salad was simple, fresh and tasty.  My friend Michelle had the soup of the day,  a delectable-looking bean soup, and polished it off quickly and happily. My friends were light eaters, mostly focused on salad--bah!  But I, for  my main, had one of my staple favorites, Spaghetti alle Vongole.  The clams were tiny (which is a nice, cute change from most other places that serve this dish) and oh-so-flavorful.  The sauce had exactly the right nuances--perfect consistency, great strength of flavor without being too clammy , oily, or salty, with a touch of heat that accented rather than distracted, and sprinkles of fresh parsley...I daydream about this dish now. I see that there are some remarks about egregious service, however we found the service to be pleasant, and the manager was very engaging and fun to talk to about the wines. Note that there are two bathrooms, one each for men and women.  The ladies room seemed clean, but one of my girls used it right at 5:30p when the restaurant opened and said the toilet seat was up and the bowl wasn't quite pristine--a tad gross.
I loved the decor and the atmosphere of Vero. The service was good and our waiter was very attentive. I loved the wine menu, and the selection was very good. My friend and I had two glasses of different wines. The bread was good. The food was ok. I had the linguine with clams, which I felt was a bit flavorless and dry. I thought the place was a bit overpriced, for what it was. Come here, if you are trying to impress a date, however, the food is nothing special.
I'm going to start by saying that I am hoping to go back. I had a very simple, but perfect arugula/olive oil salad to start, and the carbonara for my entree. Both were fantastic, and extremely authentic. What wasn't authentic to classic Italian food & hospitality was the service. The service was poor because there was only ONE waiter. It was a Tuesday night, but they should have put someone else on the floor when they realized that it was going to be a full house! I'll go back to try something else, if they promise to have more than one waiter.
If you think Olive Garden is real Italian food, go get your never-ending salad and get out of the way.  You won't like the food here because there are no bland marinaras or generic alfredo sauces available.  Those greasy, salty sticks of silly putty they pass off as "bread sticks" - nope, none of those either. Vero is an authentic Italian restaurant with chefs who are from ... Italy.  While those who have not been to Italy will be faced with entrees they've never heard of, the adventurous will be pleasantly surprised.  Unlike Americanized Italian food, the sauces do not overpower the flavor of the food they accompany.  I have yet to try a dish at Vero that I haven't liked.  From the salads to the antipasti to the entrees, the imaginative and artful dishes never fail to surprise me. The waitstaff is wonderful as well.  Given the intimate configuration of the restaurant, it is easy for them to keep an eye on their tables without being intrusive.  They always give us great recommendations and make it so we want to come back again soon.
Vero has become our new local Italian place since moving down the Peninsula (Divino in Belmont was our old spot).  The wife and I have had dinner here at least three times, and we've never had a "miss" on any course. Other reviewers have covered a lot of the basics, so two tips: Tip #1. The soups are really fresh, light and good, and often they are pure vegetarian. Tip #2. If you're not sure which wine you want, let the waiter know and he'll bring you a taste of something to see if you like it. I've had a few of their wines by the glass and they've all been quite good, so I doubt you'll go wrong in any case. I like to reserve 5 stars for the truly amazing, so Vero gets my normal top rating of 4 stars.
Smaller portions of good food. We had the eggplant-crab rolls which were nice as well of the lasagna, which was a bit small but was quite good.  This leads into a bit of a digression: I prefer to get small portions of food, so that there is room for dessert and so that I am not tempted to overeat and feel horrible afterward.  Also, doggie-bag food is usually pretty disgusting the next day.  Give me a little of something really good, instead of a lot of something okay. We split the panna cotta for dessert, which was very nicely done.  It jiggled like a fat man's belly. The prices were not bad, with about $50 for the two of us with an appetizer and dessert.  Service was friendly and relatively quick. So, in the hierarchy of Palo Alto Italian, this is above-average, but I still prefer La Strada, Osteria, and maybe Il Fornaio based on my somewhat limited experience.
In the spirit of being adventurous (and also adding to my yelp reviews...) I took a friend visiting from out of town to this place.  Palo Alto seems to have its good share of Italian restaurants and with Osteria closed for a little vacation, it was time to try something new. The restaurant was surprisingly empty for a Saturday dinner but the service was great.  For that, I'd come back to try more of their offerings. 1.  Appetizer:  Parmigiana - The eggplants were delicious and highly recommended 2.  Primi:  Gnocchi, Spaghetti alle vongole - The Gnocchi were small in portion size, as we were warned, but pretty good - My friend was quite satisfied with the Spaghetti alle vongole, as other yelpers had much to say about that dish 3.  Secondi:  Branzino - That was the special for the evening and it was well received by my friend as well. Overall, I think it's worth another visit!  (Desserts was served @ Red Mango, as we made a dash for that fro-yo place)
Went for a family dinner, I had the paccheri e gamberi, most had the lasagna, and someone else got the gnocchi, which I was also considering but chose to try something else. Those who ordered the lasagna really loved it, I got to try a little and it was pretty good. My order met my expectations, although it was good I think I'd have to go with the gnocchi the next time around, the gnocchi...was just awesome. Dessert-wise, the tiramisu, crostata de mele, and torta al cioccolato were all wonderful, though my own personal preferences lie with the chocolate dessert. Parking's relatively easy, there's a few lots nearby and odds are there's bound to be at least one open spot. Vera attended to our party, and she was a joy to be around, though since she was dressed differently than other severs I saw she may be the co-owner? There was another man working, and he definitely did not look pleasant, and was sort of brusque in how he handled other tables (hard not to notice, the place is pretty smallish, definitely call ahead and rsvp if you're going to have a party of 4 or more). Other than that, I'd also suggest trying to get a seat by the open kitchen.
I'm drooling right now thinking about what I had at Vero today for lunch. I was going to take the Moms to Evvia since she's never had Greek food, but she wanted Italian, and I never ever say no to Italian, so I hopped on Yelp to decide which of the many MANY Italian restaurants are available around the University Ave area. Was debating between two places, but I'm SOOOO glad I went to Vero. The food was delish. I had the bucati all'amatriciana (not sure if that's how the menu spelled it), and it was SOOOO good. It's a spicy tomato sauce with yummy pancetta. The noodles were cooked perfectly al dente. My mom got the spaghetti alle vongole, which has a white wine sauce and clams, and that was delish, too. The clams were fresh and the overall flavor of the dish was great. Service was good, too. The only thing I don't understand is why there weren't more people there during lunch hour. This place is way better than some of the other Italian places I've had on University Ave. Perhaps because the location is on a side street and it's a small restaurant. This is definitely a hidden gem, which is cool considering it's part of such a commercial area that has so many other great food places. I felt like I was back in Italy, and now I want to go back to Italy!
I've gone twice with coworkers.   It's not a great place on a diet, as you feel overly tempted to order 3 courses, each of which is 90% of an entire meal, but it's also expensive enough that I haven't gone too often. Everything I've had has been great.  The desserts are worth going for on their own, and the wine list is excellent.  This would probably be my top "date" restaurant in Palo Alto.
WOW.  That is all I have to say.  This was THE best customer service THE best environment THE best TRUE Italian food.  The owner was VERY interactive with his customers to make sure they were having a wonderful time.  The waiter was Italian and took absolute pride in what he did.  He knew how to describe the sauces and  gave THE best advise on what to try. This place was amazing, the vibe was great the atmosphere!  My date and I loved it we will come back a million times and more!! :) PS: make sure you get your left over pasta to go, they make a foil swan out of it!!  :) I would give this place 10 stars if I could!
Vero was delicious. I went with a friend. We decided to share their 2 appetizer salads (Misto and Arugula), have some wine, and split the Lasagna. The salads were great. If only getting one, I'd go for the misto as it boasted a little more flavor that then arugula and had ricotta salata (yum!). Before I tell you about the lasagna, let me preface by saying that I very RARELY order lasagna at restaurants, b/c homemade is always so good. However, the word "bechamel" was in the description...I LOVE good bechamel sauce). And, it did not disappoint. Cheesy, flavorful, melt-in-your-mouth goodness bite after bite... We were too full for dessert, but the chocolate cake that everyone raves about looked phenomenal and is surely in my future on a return visit! Oh yes- the wine was delightful as well - a decent selection of both domestic and Italian varietals... In summary: GO TO VERO!
I've only ever eaten at Vero at lunchtime when the restaurant has been relatively quiet.  So think of this as a review primarily of the quality of the food. I've ranged through many of the options on Vero's menu, and I have to say that I think the quality of their food is consistently outstanding.  Certain dishes really stand out.  The gnocchi is very succulent - and you know how easy it is for a less than awesome restaurant to dish up rubbery gnocchi.  For me, gnocchi is an important litmus test for the quality and authenticity of the chef's skills. Vero passes this test with flying colors - be prepared for some truly delectable gnocchi! One of the other notable dishes is the spaghetti carbonara.  While there are plenty of places that offer this dish, it's rare that you find such thoughtfulness of preparation and authenticity as at Vero.  This isn't spaghetti with some cheap white cheese sprinkled on.  No, this is the real deal, with the spaghetti al dente and a hint of olive oil and pepper. The wine list is more than adequate, too, and Monique's is right across the street for some after-pasta chocolate.  This is the place that I go to when I want to have a long conversation and really savor my lunch.  Give it a whirl, you won't regret it.
Before I go completely against the crowd on this, it's really 2.5 stars. A group of 4 of us decided to walk around downtown PA to find some dinner.  We saw the menu for Vero's Dine Downtown posted on a construction barrier and decided to take a look.  We were greeted with a lovely "bona sera" and were told that our table would be ready in a minute.  True to their word, a minute later we were ushered into the centre of the place. The menu had many things that sounded fabulous, and like others have said, the place appears to be family run by real Italians.  A couple of us shared the calamari fritti appetizer (although its name on the menu was something different) which also had onions (yum) and peppers (not as yum) that were fried the same way.  A relatively pleasing dish. Two people had the lasagne, and said it was fine, but nothing special.  The third had the pasta genovese with pesto, green beans, and potatoes - something I don't think I've seen much outside of Italy.  She enjoyed it, although I was surprised they didn't come around after serving it to offer some freshly grated reggiano.  I had the veal with mushrooms and cheese.  It was pretty tasty, although the portion was a little lacking for the price, and it came only with potatoes - no vegetables of any sort.  I suppose it didn't say it came with veggies on the menu, but it's an assumption most people make when going to a restaurant.  So be warned - dishes come *only* with what's stated on the menu.  The lasagne looked a little lonely, to be honest. So with pretty good food and decent but not great prices, why only 2.5 stars?  Service.  We had to wait ages for bread, and none came until about 5 minutes after asking for some.  When it arrived, it was great - fresh and warm foccacia with an olivey oily dip.  And water was only refilled once - after we'd all finished and were waiting for the bill.  I drink lots of water, so this was particularly annoying for me. The wine list looked decent enough, but the prices were kind of high, especially for the glasses. I'll probably try this place again, but they've got a pretty large hurdle to overcome.
My husband found this place for lunch and we came back for dinner a few weeks after they opened. Likes: food, presentation and selection. Dislikes:  slow service You want Italian food but are tired of the same sauces, pastas, salads being at pretty much every restaurant.  This is the place for you.  They have a variety of pastas and sauces that you can try. The wait staff is friendly and accommodating but  it isn't a high turn over place.  You can sit and savor your meal.  It is a smaller restaurant so if you have a large party it could be difficult. I recommend the pasta in octopus ink.  YUMMY!
This place looked 100% cheesy on the outside, but I read good reviews on Yelp and we were in the mood for Italian so I figured we could give it a shot. We were really pleasantly surprised. The food was pretty Italian, as people said; the pasta tasted fresh and the dishes weren't the typical obnoxious Olive Garden standards. The waiter complimented my choice of wine pairing, which made me feel like a pretty smooth operator although in fact I chose at random. So, it's possible he was just angling for a tip. They apologized for seating us by the door but they were expecting a big group and said it might get loud closer to the middle. When that big group arrived I was glad not to be nearby. There's a dessert there called something like "chocolate salami". You guys...IT LOOKS LIKE A SALAMI. I basically lost my shit.
Italian is not usually my first choice for dining, but my wife loves it and we celebrated a friend's birthmay who is a vegetarian (not vegan). The staff (the two main waiters are big Italian dudes...could pass for mafia guys) were good in that they were patient and not overly hovering.  And this place is "authentic" Italian food. My wife and her friend were in Italian a handful of times and they can vouch for that. For Primi: my wife and her friend ordered Orchiette pasta...one with sausage and one with out. If you do not like spicy, ask for yours without pepper flakes. Very good! I went and ordered Secondi right away: Ristecca - pan fried skirt steak with arugula and organic tomatoes. Absolutely delicious! Dessert: panna cotta and torta al cioccolata (warm choc cake) were winners. I am not a huge fan of white wine, but it was 70 degrees, so , we polished off a bottle of Boatina Pinot Grigio. Amazingly nice. Overall, we had a great dining experience....we were at  Vero for over 3 hours.
Went in for a late, working lunch with two colleagues yesterday; Vero was a suitable venue indeed. Our server did not interfere and we had enough room to work comfortably. I ordered the white bean soup, thankfully vegetarian with no ham but with tasty celery slices and broth. It warmed me up. For a main dish I ordered the appetizer version of eggplant parmigiana, one of those dishes I can never make at home. This was delicious, and the portion was the right size. One of my companions ordered a prawns and pasta dish; these were the size of crayfish. The other ordered lasagne. I take it their food was good because they ate all of it. We did not get dessert or wine, but that did not stop me from perusing the wine list. One of Vero's strengths has been its selection of Italian wines by the glass. I observe that their selection of Italian whites by the glass is far superior to their reds. Most, not all, of the reds are Chianti variations (no, the Chianti Variations are not by Vivaldi), and the rest are not very surprising. The whites are surprising and tantalizing. I should have ordered some.
A couple of guys making family recipes and trying to be true to how Italians eat (which not all Palo... Read more 
This is a nice little Italian restaurant. I had to following dishes: Grilled Pepper with Sea Salt and Olive Oil - This was the night's appetizer special.  It tastes very good and the pepper was nicely grilled, not too salty. Tomato Soup with Clams and Prawns - the seafood was very fresh, the soup base was refreshing. Lasagna - Average, the meat sauce was pretty good tho. One thing I must mention, their breads are really good!! Soft, crunchy and warm sourdough!! The tap comes to $34.00 dollars per person. IMO, this restaurant deserves more business.  I am really surprised that it wasn't even half full on a Friday night.
This is the second time we've eaten here and again the place was fairly empty. I would've expected this place to have a line since the Palo Alto art fair was in the afternoon. But unlike the other Palo Alto Italian eateries we passed, it was very easy getting seated without reservations. That should've told us something. The staff was nice and the bread was perfect - crusty on the outside and soft inside. We had the gnocchi and shrimp pasta. Both of them were decent, but at $15 and $16 respectively, I would've expected either larger portions or a more interesting set of ingredients. All in all, I'd say it's a little pricey for what you get, but definitely edible. The wine list is not extensive but does have a nice Italian selection.
I have been looking for a nice authentic Italian place out here in California and I think I finally found one!  The waitress was very nice, they had a wine special and me and my two friends all enjoyed our food!  We took our time eating spending over 2 hours there and didn't feel rushed at all. We started off with the Cozze and the Carpaccio with Arugola and capers. For the main course, one friend ordered the Tagliatelle al Sugo and the other ordered some sort of pasta with squid and squid ink.  They were both good although I was hesitant to eat the squid ink one because it looked like it was sort of dying my friend's mouth black! lol I had the spinach and some sort of cheese (sorry, I forget now) ravioli topped with some sort of tomato sauce with chopped almonds.  It was the best out of the three entrees! The waitress was never intrusive but still somehow always managed to drop by in time to make sure our wine glasses were full and that we had enough bread. I am definitely going back!
We went to Vero based on solid reviews on Yelp and were not disappointed. The atmosphere is very rustic and casual and the service very friendly, if a little informal. Typical for true Italians, I think, who don't worry quite so much about details all the time. The food was very light - I didn't feel like I had gorged myself when we were done after three courses - and very authentic. We shared the Elba salad with arugula, celery, walnuts, apple and Gorgonzola, and the other couple with us shared the Campo de Fiori salad with bresaola, walnuts, honey and emmenthal cheese. They said the honey made for a really nice sweet compliment to the salty bresaola. We got a wonderful wine recommendation for a Sangiovese blend from our waitress which was only $30 and we were not disappointed. One member of our party is not so much into heavy red wines - the rest of us are - and we all enjoyed it. For the main course I had the pork tenderloin with spinach, prosciutto and cannellini beans which was quite tasty. My boyfriend had the swordfish, and I'm not much a fan of swordfish to begin with so I can't really speak to it. But he cleared his plate. The other couple with us had the swordfish and the sea bass - again, can't speak to how the latter tasted but his plate was cleared too. For dessert we shared the apple tart with vanilla gelato which was quite wonderful and light. The prices here are really reasonable. This is a great authentic neighborhood Italian restaurant and I will certainly go again. It's very much on par with nearby Osteria. The atmosphere may be informal but the food certainly isn't. The waitress allowed us to linger at our table as long as we wished - it wasn't crowded, even for a Saturday night. My only beef would be that there is nothing on the walls or floor to absorb sound and so it can get a bit on the noisy side in there. The best part was when our waitress popped her head out the front door as we were walking away from the restaurant so we could get our final "Ciao!" Very kind.
Four stars? Really, Palo Alto? Came here on a Saturday night-- we were seated at the only table near other people (in a fairly empty restaurant this seemed a bit unnecessary). Overall ... Ambiance: Fine-- nice size place. Mood lighting should be on Vero's "to do list"-- it's way too well-lit Food: Hits and misses. Loved the pepper appetizer special, lasagna and complimentary bread. The bucatini left a lot to be desired, as did the stringy and rather bland broccolini. Service: So-so. When the waiters were around, they were attentive. But they weren't always around. When my date asked for a recommendation between the lasagna and veal, the waitress refused to give her opinion. Hmm ... Wine: Nice selection, a series of varietals with a wide range of prices Osteria down the street is better. Go there.
As a resident of Palo Alto, I am SHOCKED that this restaurant has stayed under the radar for so long.  Amidst a sea of JUST OK University Ave. Italian/pasta joints that get more airtime because of their location (Osteria, Bella Luna, La Strada, etc.), Vero has a menu that tastes authentically Italian, with homemade pastas. Ever since eating my way through Italy, I've been searching for a place with pasta cooked right -- al dente, flavorful, and delicious.  VERO's got it! Delicious pasta dishes off the menu that we love: Amatriciana Pasta Lasagna Tagliatele al Sugo All desserts are authentically Italian -- and taste like it. Service:  I have read prior reviews knocking the service.  I believe that this has improved and perhaps there has been a service overhaul.  Each time we've been to Vero, we have received fantastic service, and Massimo, the restaurant owner, has taken care to make us and other guests feel extremely welcome.  So for those of you who have had negative experiences in the past, try Vero again. Again, I am really picky when it comes to quality pasta, and Vero has become my go-to place.  I really won't waste my time or money going any place else. The problem with this place is that is not on University Ave., and people seem to have a problem walking off of it.  It is just right off of University Ave., and worth the 6-second detour. TRY IT!  :)
Great food! Authentic too.
I'm a regular of Vero's - i think it's one of the best Italian restaurants in the Palo Alto area. They've recently gone through a few different chefs, according to our waiter when we visited last Thursday. This last time we went, however, it was DELICIOUS. We ordered the carbonera, which often tends out too creamy, but this one was cooked perfectly - my favorite dish on their menu so far. unfortunately, they took off the steak carpaccio off their regular menu. this was by far  the best appetizer and was what kept me coming back for more. the steak was always paper thin and tender, and they topped it off with a peppery arugula salad. just wish they'd put it back on the menu!
The mista salad and the mozarella salad were both decent. Nothing spectacular. The carbonara and vongole were both so-so too - small portions, kind of cold, soggy and too heavy. Service was decent and it was pricey compared to others in the city. Maybe I'm being overly harsh because of Osteria...
It was all but empty at 1pm on a thurs. Violated the throughput rule, but we sat anyway. We were pleasantly surprised. The tagliatelle special was made from a very nice pasta. The sauce was flavorful with a little kick. The beef was disappointing. It should've just fallen apart in your mouth but ya had to wrestle it a little bit. I liked the sauce and pasta so much, I could get over it, but it could've been super had it not been for the tough/old-Ish textured meat. The seafood risotto was super. The bread was clearly not baked in-house and just out of the toaster. But the service was warm and food good enough that we'd go back to try other items.
Superb Italian, just a half-block off University Avenue but with a secluded feel. Dishes:  A great, complex grilled octopus appetizer in a spicy red sauce.  Bucatini carbonara, peppery, porky, and satisfying.  Bucatini amatriciana -- friend said "I never like red sauce but I like this."  Nothing flashy here -- just traditional Italian food cooked as it should be.  Friendly and attentive service.
Service was very quick here, actually a little too quick. For a date it left a bit less time for conversation and breaks than I have come to expect. Food was quite delicious and the wine was awesome. Can definitely recommend.
My son and I walked in and sat right down...but it was a Monday night. The server was attentive, suggesting the special that was very good. Both my son and I had good food. Server had to be reminded to bring bread and water...and the place was slow. However, I'm willing to overlook that--he didn't lead us astray on the food choices, or the wine.
This review is not for the restaurant overall, as I can't speak to any item on the menu save one. PASTA CARBONARA! All I've ever eaten here, likely all I ever will eat here.  This is one of those unassuming ingredient dishes that, when done well, is sublime. They  nail it.
Company and conversation - 5 plus stars Food (Appetizers and Entrees) - 4 stars Dessert - ZERO!! Service - BIG ZERO!! Came here last night for dinner and to met up with some friends I have not seen for awhile. Vero was one of the suggested places to go.  Since I was craving pasta I thought why not give it a shot. We got here early and our party was not all here yet, but we decided to go in to get seats since it was getting cold outside and start to catch up. When our waiter came to our table to greet us, I knew he was trouble. He was very arrogant and not very pleasant. It felt like he didn't really want to help us but had too. So we sat down and started to chat, he came by a few times asking to order appetizers and pushing wine. Since we have not seen each other so long we forgot to look at the menu. We decided to get the Parmigiana appetizer which was very light and had no breading. It came in a light tomato sauce and was very good. Our party was complete we started to order entrees. Our waiter was not very attending since our new guest arrived. He didn't go over the specials again with her and she had to ask and nor did he get her a side plate for bread. I understand he was the only working but it was not busy at all. The place was not packed and had a few tables but that's it. Anyways we placed our orders. We ordered: Striped Sea Bass braised with spinach and saffron tomato sauce - Alot of flavor in this dish and very simple. The fish was perfectly cooked. Striped Sea Bass pan roasted and served with roasted eggplant, pepper flakes, tomato, onion, garlic, and mint - Perfectly cooked fish and the eggplants adds alot of flavor Bistecca - The skirt steak was full of flavor and the potatoes went well with it. Spaghetti Alla Carbonara- No cream in this dish which I was surprised but alot of flavor and total comfort food. Very light for a dish that is usually very heavy. Now the evening started out great till we hit dessert. Most of us was saving our tummies for dessert. We wanted to try the Crostata di Mele and Salame di Cioccolato. But our waiter told us they ran out of gelato. Honestly how can an Italian restaurant run out of gelato? So he told us to make it up to us since there is no gelato he would give us two apple tarts and we had to change our Salame di Cioccolato into Tiramisu. So we placed our orders for dessert. When the apple tart came out it had a scoop of "gelato" on top. We were confused since the waiter told us the restaurant didn't have any. So we tried out the "gelato" and it just taste like ice cream but icy. The Tiramisu was worst. It was the most dry and unflavored dessert I ever had. Even the Tiramisu at Olive Garden was better. Of course the waiter was upset at us that we brought back up about the desserts. He admit he made a mistake and wanted to offer us some dessert wine. We asked for just a few dollars to be taken off  the desserts we got and let it be.  After some arguing. He took off one of the desserts. The waiter should not have argue with us and just taken off a dessert automatically. Plus the booth we where sitting at had lighting issues.  It would go off and on by itself at the most random times.  Like it was telling it was last call or something?  It was just strange. Overall the company was wonderful and the entrees was good but as for the service and the desserts is a big NO!! I honestly would not go back there ever again. I did not enjoy my dining experience.  They are not the only Italian restaurant in the bay area and I am sure other places have better service.
Not sure where to start because my experience at Vero's was wonderful from beginning to end. Luckily, for us it was a slow day and we didn't have to wait for a table. Like others have said, service here is outstanding. Not pushy and very attentive. I don't think my water glass was ever empty.  The great thing about the staff here is that they're are honest, they don't try selling you the most expensive dish or push you to get wine. The service here is representative of what TRUE service should be like. Oh and the "manager" Massimo is HILARIOUS and really knows his thing. I would ask for his recommendations (if you can) before your order. In terms of the food, this place definitely competes with the other italian restaurants on the University Ave. block. If it's not the best, it's definitely one of the best. I had the pasta special that day which was mushrooms with a light tomato sauce and a flat pasta. The pasta was fresh and light and I swear I could've eaten that pasta all night. It was definitely light and didn't feel like i was stuffing myself. The mussel appetizer is in this divine broth that is great for dipping your bread in. My friends had Zuppa de Pesce which they liked. I've also heard that the halibut here is good. For dessert we had the panna cotta (cooked cream) with strawberries and I'm telling you the dessert was soooo good I decided to just forget about going to Fraiche for yogurt afterwards. We paired the dessert with this AMAZING muscato, Fior D'Arancia. MAKE sure you get this! Its the best dessert wine I've ever had. Light, sweet and slightly bubbly all at the same time! Finally the best part about this place was the ambiance, I really felt like this was a great hole-in-the-wall place that I could easily be a regular at. They really do make you feel at home.  The place is not stuffy and it has a GREAT open kitchen - definitely a good place to bring a small group of friends or to come here with family. Bottom line, this place is a definite standout among the University Ave. restaurants - it comes great food with world-class service and a welcoming ambiance. I would definitely come here again..and again....and again! I had such an amazing experience here - very unlike the other stuffy restaurants in Palo Alto.  HIGHLY recommended! *EDIT...upon coming here a second time, I would recommend their fish dishes. They probably have THE best italian fish dishes I've had in a while. While I think Osteria has a slight edge in the pasta department, I think Vero wins in the fish and dessert department. Try their cooked cream dessert and their chocolate cake. YUMMMMMM*
I really enjoyed my dinner. First off, the service was beyond attentive- it was fantastic AND it didn't seem fake, like they were just being nice to get a bigger tip. The good service was very genuine and everyone there was very personable. As for the food, it was pretty good. I think everyone at our table was content with what they ordered... well.... except for my boyfriend who ordered the spaghetti a la carbonara. He had never had it before, and it was too "eggy" for him. He still ate it all, though, so I think it much have been pretty good. I ordered the zupa di pesce, which was similar to a cioppino and very tasty. My mom said the minestrone was fantastic and my dad loved his spinach and ricotta ravioli. They have a decent wine list too, featuring mostly Italian wines and a few California and Argentinian wines, as well. They also have really good coffee.
I'm so glad I discovered this place. My pasta dish was FABULOUS (this is one of the few restaurants that has one of my favorites  - pasta with pesto, green beans and potatoes - on the menu) and I loved it!!  My friend was equally enamored with her swordfish. Vero has great wine selections and a comfortable, casually elegant interior. I also really enjoyed the especially charming and authentically Italian staff but that might be because I am a sucker for any waiter who tells me I am a bionda bella. For sure I will be paying them another visit!
A nice little cozy restaurant -- perfect for a night out or a nice lunch. The food was amazing and rich. Everything was cooked to perfection and tasted splendid. I must warn, however, their risotto may taste amazing but it leaves your teeth and mouth black. So if you love risotto as much as I do, take a trip to the restroom after you eat to "freshen up". Service is friendly. A good eat if you are in the area and affordable Italian!
I'm a fan.  What can I say?  The service was really good and so was the food.  I totally overate here but I couldn't skip dessert either!
My Italian boss loves this restaurant, so when in Palo Alto for a night, I decided to try it out. I wasn't disappointed - the food is as Italian as everyone who works there, and it was solid. My salad was delicious, the calamari appetizer that we had was yummy, and the pasta dishes are simple, but so good. We also had the soup of the day, which was a surprisingly good shrimp bisque. They have a nice outdoor seating area, which is good for a warm night, or if you're dining with kids. I'd definitely recommend Vero - it was easy to walk in, not too expensive, and the food is very good.
My favorite dish, no longer on the menu. Bummer.
This is my favorite Italian on the peninsula. On a week night, the place is not particularly busy.... Read more 
Went there based on the good reviews in yelp. Was not disappointed. Food were good at this reasonable price.  Mahi-mahi was very good. When I made a reservation on open table, there were limited time slot available for me, but when I got there, it was pretty empty. Anyway, service was fine and I was not expecting a 5-star pampering. I would give 3.5*.
Hmmm...not quite sure why it got higher ratings than Osteria, I much prefer Osteria to this restaurant.  I wanted to get some Italian last night, and thought I'd try something new. I gotta say though, one of the best things about this restaurant was the bread...it was warm, seemed freshly baked, and was nice and crusty on the outside and soft on the inside.  Came w/ some olive oil and some olive tapenade, which is at least better than the butter they give you at Osteria...I would have preferred a higher-quality, more flavorful olive oil though.  For appetizers, we got the spinach salad and carpaccio.  The spinach salad was disappointing, the one I had at Maggiano's was actually better!  I think they needed to toast the pine nuts to bring out the flavor instead of just throwing it in...wasn't too crazy about the dressing either, it was too bland and needed some flavor.  The carpaccio was ok, but where's the beef?  It was drowning in some arugula and shaved parmesan, and there was hardly any at all.  Osteria's is much better, since they give you a lot more and you enjoy more of the beef flavor w/ just a little bit of capers and lemon. The pastas were indeed pretty good.  They did have that homemade, authentic flavor and it was cooked perfectly al dente.  My husband go the bucatini w/ the tomatoes and red pepper which was pretty tasty and kind of different from most places.  I had the spaghetti carbonara, which was also pretty good...but just not as good as Osteria's.  I really wanted to love it, since so few Italian restaurants in the bay area serve this dish...I think I would have loved it if I haven't had Osteria's carbonara before, which just kind of blows this one away.  I think it was just a little too bland and needed a bit more flavor (maybe more pecorino romano instead of parmesan).  I guess I'll continue on my hunt to find carbonara as good as what I've had in Rome. They did redeem themselves with their desserts.  I had the "chocolate souffle", which as another yelper mentioned, they should just call it a warm chocolate cake or a flourless chocolate cake, since it's no way a souffle at all.  It does not come in a souffle dish, there is no liquidy sauce at the bottom, and it is *definitely* not light and airy.  Despite the nitpick on the name, I gotta say I did enjoy it a lot...I always get warm/flourless chocolate cakes/souffles at restaurants if they have it since it's my favorite dessert, and I gotta say this is actually better than most.  Instead of the "lava cake" that's more crusty on the outside and gooey on the inside, this one is more uniform and soft/smooth all over, more like a real flourless chocolate cake.  Also, they seem to use more bittersweet chocolate, and it's not too sweet at all like some places make it. Unfortunately, good bread and good dessert do not make up for meh appetizers and entrees, so still a 3-star for me.  The service was kinda meh too, it took them forever to get our order after we got seated, but it did pick up a bit after that.  We were in no hurry, but it would be nice to not be ignored for a while after getting seated.  One good thing is that it does seem to be pretty cheap for a Palo Alto restaurant, cheaper even than Osteria...we spent almost 100 bucks even, including 2 appetizers, 2 pastas, 2 desserts, 2 coffees and a bottle of wine.  I'd much rather have tastier food than a great value though.  Maybe I'll stop by again after eating at other places and just get their choccolate cake and a cappuccino.
first off, more places need to serve warm bread. vero, luckily, does. we ordered the antipasti (choice of 3) - eggplant, cracked olives, and cold calamari salad. calamari was good: chewy but not rubbery and the olives were drenched in olive oil and garlicky goodness. the fish of the night was mahi mahi which was served on a bed of mushrooms and spinach. no hesitation getting that again - i licked the plate clean. as for dessert, the panna cotta took the cake. wow. i mean, REALLY, wow. as others have noted, service isn't exactly stellar, but it wasn't so bad that i was hitting my head on the table either.
This is a great little Italian restaurant with lots of personalized service (no cheesy waiters here) and not overly crowded.  I love that the pasta is all house-made, so it's really delicate and soaks up the sauces.  The dishes are more authentic Italian versus Italian-American, so you can order some unique items.  One star off because one of my dishes were overly salty, and because the server accidentally charged me for a bottle of wine rather than a glass.  (He fixed it right away after I pointed it out.)  Otherwise, the service and food was excellent!
The steak was delicious and perfectly cooked!  The eggplant/seafood  appetizers were scrumptious too, so much I'd want lots of them as an entree'.  A surprisingly wonderful Italian red wine was recommended. But most of all, the desserts were to die for.  Never have I had such a delicious apple tart with perfect pastry dough, a little crunchy and sugary, with caramel sauce drizzled over it ala mode.  And, I rarely ever order dessert.  Coffee was nice and strong Italian roast.  We're going back.  The owners were charming.
I definitely had a wonderful experience here.  My bf took me here for our 7 year anniversary a few days ago and we definitely enjoyed ourselves there.  You get a pretty good amount of authentic Italian food for a reasonable price.  Service was attentive for the most part and the place was definitely packed!  I would recommend getting the Carbonara and the Veal.
Good solid place - nothing annoying.
I've been to Vero twice now.  The last time was on a slow night (people were out partying for Halloween). The steamed mussles are awesome.  The tomato broth with white wine tastes much better than a plain white wine broth.  The lasagna is a large portion and tasty.  Lots of flavor.  My friends and I me the manager, Massimo.  He's a riot and a fun guy to meet.  He recommended the panna cotta which was to die for.  Light, savory and creamy.  I highly recommend this place and to meet Massimo, if he's around.
My sister-in-law chose this place to bring my mother here for dinner on Sunday for Mother's Day. For appetizers, we had the (3) small plates for $12 and chose the Chilled Calamari Salad, Marinated Provolone, and Marinated Eggplant. The eggplant and calamari was excellent. The warm fresh bread also was excellent. I decided on the lasagna, my mother chose the Zuppa di Pesce (tomato soup with seafood), my brother the veal and my sister-in-law the spaghetti alle Vongole. Overall, I think everyone enjoyed their meals. I'd say that I was hoping for a larger portion for the lasagna, but I think in the end, it was probably the right portion size. I had the tiramisu, which was again, terrific. The service here is really excellent. I don't often write reviews, but thought that given the quality of the food and excellent service overall with the reasonable price (given the quality of the overall experience), I'd recommend this place to anybody who enjoys Italian food.
I really hate giving this place 2 star, because so many people love it, but I'm afraid I have to disagree. Maybe I just haven't ordered the right meal, but both times I've eaten at Vero, I haven't liked my meal at all. First time, I ordered a lasagna dish, and I swear it tasted like dirt or grass or something very earthy. The second time, I ordered a pasta dish with a cream sauce topped with bread crumbs, which was better, but it was so dry I had to wash it down with a few glasses of water. So, unfortunately, I can not recommend this restaurant, unless you like dry, earthy food.
This is by far my favorite restaurant to go to for Italian.  After spending time in Italy, I'd say the food here is as legit as it gets.  The pastas taste so fresh and I have yet to try a dish I dislike.  Excellent service and fair prices make this a local favorite.
Ordered their spinach salad and spaghetti carbonara and apple crisp tart w/ vanilla gelato for dessert. Enjoyed all dishes. Service was attentive enough. I'd come back again.
Can't say enough good things about this place!  It's got to be one of the most underestimated restaurants in downtown Palo Alto.  The food here is consistently great.  If you get a chance, watch the chefs in action - it inspired me to invent in my own kitchen.  I love all the pasta options, from the trofie pesto, to the seasonal butternut squash linguini.  The fish dishes are good as well.  Everything is super fresh and authentic, ready to burst flavor in your mouth.
On a Prixe Fixe night, I am afraid Vero's "true" colors were on display. Things did not start out well. We entered the empty restaurant at about 6:30 on a very cold Saturday night with reservations for five. They had set our table right by the drafty entrance way. My 86 year old mother requested a bit more comfortable seating and we began the first of several negotiations with an inexplicably reluctant owner(manager) just to get seated. Wow, he agreed to it. Seats further from the door. Whew. OK, we came to eat so let's get to it. They brought some yummy italian style bread cut in small pieces to be dipped in a well seasoned olive, garlic and herb oil. The tableware was sparse - knife and fork sitting directly on white butcher paper. No bread plate or spoon to help catch the olive oil drippings. When we left it looked like a small Fiat engine had been rebuilt on the table. Negotiation number two: The two vegetarians at the table asked if they could substitute spinach and ricotta ravioli for a main course on the Prixe Fixe menu. The humble waiter said he would need to ask the cook who graciously acquiesced. A few minutes later though the decision had been reversed by a higher authority. When the waiter reported that the cook's response had been overridden, I found out that if the vegetarians wanted anything other than "spaghetti" as a main course off that menu, additional negotiations with the owner would be necessary. Embarrassing! Management always loses if the customer is not put first and the owner should have realized he could not say no from the start . Come to think of it, maybe "the owner" was actually the manager. Hard to believe this "owner" would still be in business. I am not sure if he was watching the budget but the main course that was served consisted of two very flat dry lonely ravioli smothered in a tasty "pink" sauce. Maybe if I had not won the negotiation the dish would have consisted of three raviolis. My mother's halibut entree consisted of several gnocchi-sized pieces of halibut and an equal quantity of decorative "grilled vegetables". All of us ordered the Millefoglie for desert and even my 14 year old nephew who was still extremely hungry had a hard time finishing our rejected bits of leftover commercial pastry. My prior experiences with "prixe fixe" led me to believe that there would be a representative offering from each of the regular menu's course headings to comprise an adequate meal but Vero's menu deviated from this truth. My Prixe Fixe dinner: an adequate salad and two ravioli followed by stale pastry bits??  Yes, the 14 year old suffered the most, but as we left just before 8 PM, were it not for the bread provided, Trader Joe's would still have been a very attractive option. So what do we take away from the experience 1. Gracious hospitality is a requirement for any restaurant to attract repeat business. 2. Palo Alto residents must have miserably meager requirements when it comes to dining out.
Had dinner here recently and ordered the mixed salad and gnocchi. The greens were fresh and very lightly dressed, which was good. But the white cheese on the top tasted terrible. I love gnocchi and this gnocchi was light and tender.   However, the tomato sauce was mediocre and the huge glop of melted cheese larger than the palm of my hand ruined it for me. I ate half of my salad and about a quarter of the gnocchi.  I skipped dessert because at this point I had lost my appetite.  But wait...there's more.  Four hours later I became violently ill with food poisoning and remained that way for the next 24 hours.
Good not great.
VERY bad  experience - i took my family there on friday night & drove for 30 min to get there hoping to try the place - we got there around 8:15 . there was nobody ahead of us, the hostess who seemed nice told us it's going to be 15 to 20 min before we get a table i said that's fine - she told us we can walk around since we have two kids with us & it's hard to keep them waiting without a bench or something, she took my cel phone number & said she will call us when there's a table -- SHE NEVER did, my two year old was starving by then - i wish she would have told me straight out this is not a kids friendly place but instead she kept us starving without calling - we ended up having dinner at 9:15 at the cheesecake factory what a waste of time..  i would think that for a family business they would care about customers more than that - defenitly wouldn't recommend or even think of going back again Update: to be fair to the place, i have to say that the owner/manager invited me to go back again because they do care but i still didn't get a chance so i'm giving one more star because the email was nice. I'll update when i get a chance to go back
I am giving this restaurant an extra star because our waitress was so sweet but honestly I don't know how the ratings are as high as they are. Five in our party and noone was crazy about their food.   We had the Linguine with clams, Gnnochi, black bean and spinach soup.   Very disappointing because I really did want to like it.
Solid Italian place.  Food was very very good, atmosphere is good.  It is a bit cramped and the waiter kept bumping into us a bit, as we were at a table the bordered the main isle ... but that is just part of the bustling atmosphere they had on a saturday night.
Let me start by saying that I like this place a lot. It's got that intimate, homey feel, excellent food and a very friendly staff. It's reasonably priced for the quality and superior to Osteria and certainly to Il Fornaio. The pasta dishes are extraordinary. The bucatini is one of my favorites, the cabonara is made with an egg base instead of cream (which so many pseudo-Italian restaurants make), the clam pasta is fresh, flavorful, and tasty. If you're a pasta lover, this is the place to go. I generally don't bother with the appetizers because I'm saving room for the pasta, which is my true love and they do it so well. I'm not so familiar with the secondi either but people seem very happy with them. The selection of wines is quite good and reasonably priced. You have a lot of very good choices in the below $40 per bottle range. The staff might not be the most polished and sophisticated servers, but they are sincere and pleasant, and that's good enough for me. The owners, Massimo and Antonio, and real gentlemen. This place is a neighborhood gem and I will go back again and again.
My girlfriend and I went here last night.  Service was below average (it took them at least  minutes to take a drink order, and then the drinks came after our salads arrived).   Salads were bland.  They only have two on the menu and both are poor.  My girlfriend had the scallop risotto and it was OK...not great,  I had the tagliatelle with brased beef and it was very good.  The tiramisu was pretty good.  In summary, an average dining experience at best, but will likely not return.
We've just been to Vero for our second time. It is not a huge place, but not so small it's uncomfortable either. The first time we liked the food, and this second time we just loved all of our dishes. We were a group of four and two had the ravioli and two had the flank steak. Both were outstanding. The steak in particular was the best I've ever tasted. We had a bottle of wine off their menu and that was also very good. This place is really a gem- reasonably priced (even the wine selection) and good service. It's definitely worth trying!
I'm not sure why this place is so highly rated.  The food is okay, nothing special, but it was way over-seasoned, as if dumping a ton of salt and pepper on the dish will make up for its otherwise blandness. For so-so food, it is way overpriced.  I'll keep looking for another Italian restaurant to call a favorite.
Vero is your typical Italian restaurant...if you were in Italy.  The entrees they offer are unique relative to the typical 'fettucine alfredo' type entrees you normally are offered in the U.S.  For example one appetizer was an "involtini di granchio" plate with thinly sliced eggplant wrapped around crab stuffing.  An entree featured small stuffed squids cooked in foil wrappers.  These are not things you'll find in your everyday Italian restaurant, and that is the point of Vero.  Our only complaint was that the seafood did not seem as fresh as it could be, which seems a shame in California, but we'll definitely give it another go to sample their other fare.  Service may have been too attentive, with different waitstaff asking the same questions over again, perhaps reflective of a new restaurant.
Solid Italian restaurant with good service. The toasted bread is awesome to crave the initial hunger. Simple menu with quality and fresh dishes like halibut and veal. Seems like a pretty romantic spot, with people holding hands on the table and waxing poetic. How freakin lovely.
Wonderful dinner in a casual, fresh, friendly atmosphere.  Started with bread: warm and just the right crunchiness.  Gamberoni appetizer was spicy and delicious.  Mista salad was fine, not extraordinary.  Sea bass special was very good.  Wife's skirt steak was the best I have ever tasted.  Syrah was perfect and reasonably priced.  Service was cheerful,  helpful and prompt.  Loved the ambiance: clean and un-stuffy...bistro/cafe feeling...busy but not loud...twinkly lights in the rafters give a playful glow. I will definitely return.
Ok. So this place has a great feel and the wait staff was attentive. The food was OK, nothing exceptional. My main problem with this place is the price. I feel that paying close to $20 for a pasta dinner is just too much. It wasn't like the pasta was a very fancy dish to make with exotic ingredients. The price is not justified and I will not be coming back here.
Very good service, delicious lasagna and skirt steak. The small-plate appetizers of green olives and marinated provolone were great (although the salame slices were paper-thin resulting in a $1 per slice). Wine list was a bit conservative too.
My absolute favorite restaurant in Palo Alto.  The owner is from italy and the food is as authentic as it comes. Some of the greats - spaghetti carbonara, assaggi (all of them) and seasonal greats.  Definitely a great group place.
This is hands-down, my favorite Italian restaurant. I stumbled on this place just after returning from Rome and craving gnocchi. After being in Italy, I figured I was bound to be disappointed with any Italian food, but not so! This place was amazing! It brought me right back to my trip to Italy and I have kept coming back at least once a month ever since. Massimo is great and friendly. The food is out of this world amazing and the pasta is made fresh everyday. The gnocchi was literally little clouds of joy in my mouth. AMAZING!  The tart is phenomenal too. Everything I have ever had there has been amazing, you can't go wrong!
I highly recommend the spaghetti alla vongole.  It was delicious...the pasta was al dente, it had the right bit of kick from the peppers, and the clams were fresh and plentiful.  All in all we had a good experience, we however didn't like one of the wait staff, he's the one that looks like Bluto (from Popeye's), all muscle, no brains.  We asked him if he recommended the carbonara to the fresh handmade gnocchi and he just shrugged his broad shoulders and grunted, "whatever you want".  Thanks Bluto for such an engaging conversation!
I order take-out from Vero on a pretty regular basis, but I can't speak to the experience as a sit-down customer. My review is basically on the risotto and the bread, which are both fantastic. Bread is warm and delicious (and they give you a lot of it). The risotto change (not really daily but ever few days) and I have had several versions all of which were really good. Definitely the best Italian in downtown Palo Alto..
Attractive restuarant with an interesting but limited menu.  The wait staff was attentive and friendly without being intrusive.  The tortellini dish was quite tasty but a bit small.  The veal pizziola(sp?) was just ok.  The cheese was slab of mozzarella which was actually not yet hot.  The spagetti was al dente and the sauce was good.  The tiramasu was delicious and the coffee was superb.
Wonderful small italian restaurant in downtown Palo Alto. We went here for my birthday and I ordered the stuffed calamari, it was delicious. The times we ordered white beans soup(delicious), tortellin (homemade and fresh tasting), lasagna (best one I ever had). The last time it was a miss though, ordered the squid linguine with squid ink, it was black, and has an odd taste...Also ordered the veal with cheese and that was oily and ordinary. But since our record has been great, we will definately come back
I was skeptical of Vero at first becuase the restaurant is always empty when you walk by. However, it was recommended by my Italian professor so we tried it. The first time we went, the pasta was incredible! I had been craving some good pasta al dente since my return from Italy and Vero's Carbonara satisfied my craving. However, the second time we went, the pasta was sticky and they charged us an outrageous price of $16 for a tiny special antipasta plate of some, albeit delicious mozarella di buffala, salami and some mediocre mortadalla. The rip off was very authentically Italian. I think the pasta quality really depends on who is cooking the night you go. Just stay away from the "specials" on the board outside.
I had a really good eating experience here.  Came here on Sat night about 8:00.  It was just the right "busy-ness" (i.e. it was pretty much full but the wait was only 10 minutes for a table or the bar was open; (we chose the bar).  The wait staff was nice and very politely and unpretentiously recommended an affordable bottle of wine.  I order the Bucatini all"Amatriciana; which was spicy and delicious.  There was minor and forgivable mistake made on my date's order which was remedied by a complimentary and tasty taramisu.  The prices here were fine for the quality and I think it was a pretty good first date choice.   Will definitely be back.
GREAT food, but this place is only getting 3 stars because of the small portions (esp. for price), loud/cramped atmosphere and POOR SERVICE.  Our waitress was terrible! She checked on every table but ours and we spent more time waitubg for the bill to come and our credit card to be returned than we did eating.  It ruined the whole night!
Great authentic Italian.
Went to Vero for lunch this week, meeting up with some friends at a point midway between our work locations. Vero is a very attractive Italian bistro in downtown Palo Alto.  There's a comfortable waiting area outside, and the glass wall that is their front entrance makes for a very inviting introduction to the place.  One thing we noted was that the place was empty, with maybe two other tables of 1-2 people at them.  That's not a good sign. When I looked at the menu, I thought the waiter had made a mistake and given me a dinner menu.  Appetizers, pasta course, second course.  $14-$16 prices for all of the pasta dishes.  Huh, all of our party has the same menu, so I guess this is right.  Well, "right" might be the wrong word for it.  Suddenly the empty dining room was no longer a surprise to me. I ordered the lasagna.  It looked nice, tasted fine, and did absolutely nothing to wow me.  The pasta was cooked well, but I thought the overall dish lacked flavor.  I saw prosciutto in there, but didn't taste it at all. The service was mediocre.  The waiter was nice enough, but if there's only three tables of people in the place, there's just no excuse for my water glass to ever empty, and even less reason to make us wait for the check when we're out to lunch on a weekday. My overall impression of the place is pretty meh.  The food was okay, but that's about it.  If they were charging $8 for the plate of pasta, then maybe this would feel like a reasonable place for lunch.  For $15, I left wondering how they could possibly justify that price for the quality and preparation of food they're serving. I won't be back.
Good ambiance, good service, with okay food.  I would describe the food as tasty- but simple....however,  I feel I went to Uncle Luigi when Uncle Mario (the better cook in the family) is down the street.  I've experienced better so I probably won't go back again.  The sphegetti carbonara was cooked al dente perfectly but after 10 bites, I was bored.  Sorry, no Princess Toadstool here.
Wonderful, authentic Italian food.  I was impressed with the staff's knowledge of the menu and wine selections to complement the menu.  The kitchen is open (which I love) so you can see the chefs work if you sit at the bar.  Will keep coming back!
The waiter was just not there...but the manager made it up for it.  The food is okay.  I really liked the portion size as it's not the ginormous ones you get in pseudo Italian places.  The outdoor seating looks nice on a nice evening (we were there during the rain, so we had to sit inside).  Outside of the waiter forgetting our main courses, the service was good enough.  I would say 2 stars for service and 3 stars for food.
Enjoyed an excellent dinner here in early February.  I ordered what turned out to be the best spaghetti alla carbonarra I've had.  It was EXCELLENT.  The pancetta was perfectly done and the eggs not too delicate or overdone.  The bread was excellent and our waiter, an Itallian who clearly knew food, was top notch.  It's an odd setting for an Itallian restaurant though...the wall of glass makes the restaurant feel and look cold and it does not conjure up the usual "coziness" and IT. place might in most people's minds.  If you can get past it though, the food and servive are worth it.
Excellent food, friendly staff, super service, great location. I highly reccomend the appitizer sampler and the lamb chops
Okay - I didn't listen!  Well, it wasn't so much a matter of not listening, but rather forgetting and then getting caught up in the moment.  After all, you go to a nice restaurant for the first time, take in the ambiance, read the menu and get excited about all these dishes that sound so good.  But then the downfall...  we ordered the seafood.  As a previous reviewer pointed out, it's disappointing that a California restaurant doesn't have fresh seafood.  We ordered the mussels and the swordfish wrapped around pine nuts.  Sounded great... tasted just so-so.  On the positive side, the ambiance is very nice and the lasagna was delicious.  The chocolate souffle was okay - though my dinner partner enjoyed it quite a bit.  Overall, the experience was nice, but not sure I'd try it again with all the other great places to go in downtown Palo Alto.
I don't know what place others were eating at, but a couple of business partners and I had probably the WORST lunch there a few days ago. There were maybe three tables filled when we got in and it took us almost 2 HOURS for lunch! The waitress tried to upsell and was continually pushy. We wanted just tap water but tried to get us to get bottled or sparkling. No means no! I asked for coffee with dessert and she forgot it for 20 minutes and then took another 10 minutes to bring it to me. The bill didn't arrive until 30 minutes AFTER that because she was jabbering on the phone. The food was out of the box. I swear the marinara was Preggo and the dish I had I could have made with hamburger helper. NOT IMPRESSED!
Another great meal at Vero. Sweet vibe, the small plates rock. Bring your own wine, and they wave the corkage as long as you buy one. Will be back.
Better than any other Italian joints on University Ave. Right size delicious portions with focus on food and flavors. Feel like Italian - go to Vero!
Don't waste your money.  My boyfriend and I ate here based on the Yelp Reviews.  We were very surprised to find that the food was actually pretty awful.  I ordered the gnocchi, which tasted like the kind you could buy in the frozen section of any grocery store.  My boyfriend ordered what sounded like a fancy pasta dish, but turned out like undercooked spaghetti in tomato paste. The only reason I'm even giving this place 2 stars is because it had a very nice atmosphere on the back patio and reasonably good service.
I like the people's service here. They take good care of customers . However, food is nothing special...for me it's just another so-so Italian restaurant in downtown. I do not insist on having authentic Italian but where can I find the quality they have in places like NY or Tokyo?
Love it!! It took me back to my days in Italy...! Excellent food, perfect service! Relaxing atmosphere.. and not too busy for a saturday night... and they let us stay late, past closing time...  Excellent wines!!! We had 3 bottles!  Highly recommended....
Delicious food, in a nice friendly atmosphere. Marinated eggplant appetiser was really great. Great service, great place to go on a date. I'm so glad my mother decided she likes this place better than Beppo's.
The meat lasagna was tasty but I prefer it to be a little cheesier. The restaurant was nice, but there were only two tables of people. I can update my rating after more experiences, hopefully with a decent sized crowd next time.
Love! Love! Love! Went here for our anniversary, and were really thrilled. The service was excellent, everyone is very friendly and quick to respond to your needs. The food was outstanding, we shared the burrata mozzarella to start (which I could have eaten all by myself, sorry honey).  For our first and second we shared the  gnocchi, ravioli, and the special of the day, the lamb shank. My mouth is watering now just thinking of the culinary delights we had last night. I really loved watching the staff work the room. They seemed to know everyone, and really enjoyed stopping by the tables to chat. Massimo was delightful. He came over to chat with us while we were eating our torta cioccolato. He asked how we were enjoying it, and we said the only mistake we made was that we had not ordered a port to compliment the wonderful dessert. Massimo quickly remedied that, and brought us a special red wine to celebrate our anniversary compliments of the house. What a wonderful way to end our special night! I would highly recommend, and will return as soon as possible!
I just moved to the west coast and considering my family owns a restaurant, I am a picky eater. This is the definitely one of the best Italian restaurants I've ever eaten at.  Amazing!!!
We went to Vero with a big group, but they were so accommodating. The food was good and service was good. (probably because we were the only one there :-)
Great Italian restaurant, much better service than Osteria better atmosphere and the food is great.  The owners are great and make sure everything is just right.   We brought our own bottle of wine, very good price on corkage, and if you buy another bottle, they wave the fee.  Saturday night is a little loud, but we went on Monday and it was very intimate.
Really cool place.  Everyone there was extremely personable.  We were greeted with a half dozen 'buona sera's, which I figured at first was just people being cute, and with the mood I was in, it annoyed me.  Turns out the wait staff actually spends time there, so they weren't just well coached, which was a pleasant surprise.  Everyone, from the guy cooking to the busers was extremely attentive, catching even little details without being intrusive. I feel bad that I didn't have a larger appetite and wasn't in a better mood, because this place was super comfortable and the food was really good.  I only had the carpaccio, which was a little on the salty side for my taste, so something to watch out for, but still very good.  My dad had the Spaghetti Mare, whose sauce was perfectly balanced, and pasta cooked perfectly.  My mom had some crab stuffed eggplant that was fairly good.  The eggplant evidently wasn't soaked before it was baked, so the acid from it still bit the tongue, but was good none the less.  The crab in one of the eggplant rolls was slightly past its prime, unfortunately, but not enough to warrant sending it back.  The bread was good, with a real nice texture.   It's a shame I'm not closer to Palo Alto, because I'd definitely look forward to going back soon.
I was delighted to meet friends there for dinner and hadn't even heard of the place. The service was good, the food and wine excellent and very Italian authentic and the owners came over and introduced themselves to all of us. The food, wine and dessert were all above par. I'd go back in a heartbeat.
I was really impressed with both the food and the service. I went on a Sat night and the pasta was out of this world. I went again on a Monday and the food was good but definitely not comparable to  what I had  the previous Saturday. All in all I was impressed and will absolutely be back again.
Very authentic and delicious!
We had our company holiday party at Vero and it was fantastic.  They made organizing the party a breeze, the food was wonderful, the staff was so attentive, the atmosphere was exactly what we were looking for.  Every detail was perfect.  I cannot recommend Vero Ristorante highly enough.
Loved this place! One of the best lasagna's I've had... And I am picky. :)
I've been to Vero twice for dinner, and both times the food and service has been great. I got the spaghetti carbonara the first time and it was so dang good I had do order it again. I want to go back and try other dishes but I keep dreaming of this carbonara! The service was really attentive and friendly, the atmosphere is pretty decent. All dining companions enjoyed their meals at both visits but frankly I don't recall what they ordered now. I'm kind of stuck on the carbonara. Can you tell I liked the carbonara?
Sicilian food at its best! This is the only place in the greater Bay Area (that I know of) that serves authentic Sicilian/ South Italian dishes that made Italian food famous in the first place. Every bite exposed us to the palette of different flavors because seasonings were well balanced and used wisely. Sword fish was out of this world, and so was veal scaloppini. Waiter that we had made us feel like we just arrived in Rome or Palermo...we felt so welcomed there. The best Italian no-frills food on the Peninsula.
We loved this restaurant.  The food is like excellent home cooked Italian food and the service is exceptional, warm and personal.  The two owners are usually around on the weekends, and are an asset to the restaurant.  Will be back again and agian.
How would I describe this place? Horrible.  Expensive. The food was bland, the menu limited. I will not be going back.
The food is tasty, staff is quite nice, but not overly attentive. Simply put, you have to remind them to bring water, bring plates, ... and other things. Usually, one expects a restaurant staff to fill up your water glass or bring you plates as needed, not upon request. The portion sizes are too small for the price. Price is high, and thus you either expect small portions with phenomenal taste or big portions with good taste. They offer small portions with good food. They should charge less.
My wife and I went to Vero for a Valentine's dinner. Given that it was a special night, they had a prix fixe menu. We had a Sicilian eggplant dish and a lobster-based soup for starters, fish in a spicy broth for our main dish;,and chocolate moose for dessert.  All the items were just out of this world, and we were both sad when we had to leave! Apart from the moose, we had never had any of the other items before, and we were told that those items were from Sicily, and southern Italy. I can't wait to go back there, and taste the food from their regular menu!
Went to Vero last night for dinner for the second time and again, it was a wonderful experience! The wait staff was attentive yet not standing over us the entire time.  Mossimo and Antonio (the owners) were extremely pleasant and we all felt like we were at a friend's house for dinner because of the warm atmosphere. As for the food, delicious!  Since there was a group of us we got both the salads and they were great. The dinners were also fabulous.  We had pasta carbonara, zuppa di pesce and one of the pasta specials and we were all thrilled.  The portion sizes were also perfect - allowing us room for dessert which was tiramisu and the torta al cioccolato (warm chocolate cake) with some coffee.  Delicious! If you want tons of bland Americanized Italian food, then go somewhere else.  Vero is authentic Italian food and it's delicious. It was an enjoyable night filled with great food, great wine, great atmosphere and a quaint hidden gem in Palo Alto.
Tried this place out several months ago.  After reading the yelp reviews, I'd expected much more. The dining room itself was a bit cold in temperature.  Was surprised to find typical "summer" dishes on the menu during the middle of winter. The steak my dining partner ordered rare, unfortunately didn't seem very "fresh."   Overall it was good, but not great for the price and we walked away pretty disappointed.
This is a friendly small restaurant that suffers because it is on a quiet block off of University Avenue in Palo Alto. The bread is always fresh. The wine selections are very good, albeit limited. All the salads are delightful. My favorite dishes are the zuppa di pesce and whatever fresh fish they are serving that evening. When tomatoes are in season their insalata caprese is truly yummy. The owners Massimo and Antonio are great and make everyone feel at home.
I went to Vero restaurant to celebrate a birthday on Friday evening with some friends. I think that it is the best Italian restaurant in Bay Area. The Spaghetti were cooked just perfect! The fish was delicious. The big surprise was that they had as dessert the Pastiera (a typical southern Italy dessert for Easter). It was amazing .. the taste made me filling back home (Naples-Italy). Great restaurant if you want to taste the real Italian cuisine!!!
Food a 4.  Service 2.  Simple yet tasty menu.  Fresh and well prepared.
I am debating on rating this a 2 or 3. The food was well below average. My fish was not tasty and lacked taste on the palette. My wife's pasta claimed to be made out of tomato sauce, but tasted very oily. The broccoli in it was very bitter. The soup we were ordered - the waiter told us it was vegetarian black lentil, but it had pancetta in it. Half way through we realized the chunks. The good points: the waiter was nice, but a little slow. The desserts were good. I don't think we will go back again unless we have a big group because it is easy to get seated.
5 stars for really nice waitress and incredible food. had the buratta (5/5), the risotto (5/5), the shrimp appetizer (3.5/5), the beef suggo (5/5!!), and the tiramisu (5/5). the bread for the buratta was perfectly lightly toasted. great wine, nice staff. 3.5 stars for ambiance (its lovely but a little rough around some of the edges, the booth cushions are a tad stained, etc, but its still a very nice ambiance). on a very cute street in palo alto. i think ill go back! would definitely recommend it. reminded me of cafe pro bono.
Excellent, considering how few really good Italian restaurants there are on the Peninsula, as compared to San Francisco, Napa and Los Gatos. Clearly stands out.
We always have the best meals/experiences here. The staff is incredibly friendly and let me sample many wines to pair with my meal. Having been their twice, so far we've eaten based on the recommendations of our server. The food is excellent. The people make for an incredible experience!
We went to Vero on a Sat. pm. The restaurant was  very quiet, with one table being occupied. The waiter asked us if we had a reservation and when we said "No", he seated us at a table outside. The 1.5 hours we were there, there were 2 or 3 more patrons , with plenty of seating inside. On a cool evening, there was no need to seat us out by the street when clearly the place was barely 1/4 full. Service was slow, and the food dry and bland. Will skip next time.
It appears that whoever is in charge of the menu or the cooking is actually Italian...from Italy! How about that? I sat by the booth where you can see the chef cooking, and lo and behold, he's Italian. What does that say? Well, that means there's a chance that your food might actually be authentic. Vero is the best, most authentic Italian fare I've had in the south bay / Peninsula by far. You won't get your fettucini alfredo w/ the surprise of sliced chicken breast ( Horrible, but true story) , but you will get fettucini carbonara, a dish you'll be hard pressed to find at more popular Italian restaurants. I had the bucatini all'amatrician and it was a delight. It was as good as they made it in Rome when I used to go to this place weekly for half a year. Spicy, pungent w/ pecorino cheese, salty & smokey from the diced pancetta. Oh, did I mention most of the primi used housemade pastas? The bucatini noodles itself was a treat. Finally, a place aside from Lupa's in Noe (SF) that won't cook and pulverize pasta noodles. Not everything was awesome tho. The secondo I ordered, I forget what it was called, some veal thing w/ cheese melted on top wasn't that amazing. But that could be because I was already full from eating a whole loaf of whatever wonderful bread they gave us. Lastly, the chocolate "souffle" dessert was more like a flourless chocolate cake than a souffle.  I was a bit disappointed at the cakelike texture of it, but it was still quite good. Overall, I highly recommend this place. If you are a fan of good pasta, go there and order as many primi as you can handle. You can try many of the wonderful pasta dishes Italy has to offer that you won't find at the nearby Osteria or Buca di Beppo's. Tho I've only been there once, Vero truely (haha) is a well priced, authentic gem.
Went for a business dinner. The cuisine was excellent, there were six of us and we all ordered different dishes. All six of us cleared our plates! Service was also excellent, the noice level was high at times, but all in all did not have a hard time hearing.
Never going back to this restaurant ever again and will tell as many people as will listen not to bother with it.  I asked for the Carbonara without the egg and they refused to do it for me since it wouldn't technically be Carbonara without the egg.....um, who cares??  It's what I LIKE.....I don't care what you call it or if it's "technically" Carbonara, just serve it up how I want it.  Nothing else on the menu looked good so I ended up getting a mediocre salad and going somewhere else for dinner afterwards.  Vero lost my business forever (and hopefully many others I tell this story to) as a result of the chef's ego about how Italian dishes should be served.
I fell in love with this place when I came for a friend's birthday. It's small, with dim lighting, lights wrapped around the top ceiling, and candles burning at every table. I had the mussels, which tasted just perfect. My only complaint is that we got a VERY small amount of mussels for the amount they charged. The lasagna was just enough to fill me up, but not too much to give me that terrible ache in my stomach. The layers were surprisingly good, way better than I was expecting. I also had a taste of the Spaghetti alle Vongole. The clams were delicious and the pasta was cooked to the perfect consistency - not too soft and not too hard. The desserts were to DIE for. I had a taste of the chocolate torte, chocolate cookies, and the tiramisu. I can safely say that they were up there with some of the best desserts I've had - the tiramisu especially. All in all, great food, but the portions were a bit small. Oh how I wish I lived closer so I could set up camp here. Well, until next time I suppose...
Best Italian restaurant ever. (Said by a true Italian!!)
Charming! Massimo started rattling off the specials, and to our amazement, three of four were vegetarian! Unheard of!! We ordered all three (a spicy tomato zuppa, a sweet eggplant caponata, and a tomato and peas risotto) and they were excellent. Massimo's service and Italian sense of humor are charming. We also enjoyed a couple of glasses of wine, their excellent warm bread, and shared a perfectly cooked panna cotta for dessert. Will return soon and often.
mediocre in every respect. update: perhaps i overstated the case. the *food* was mediocre in every respect.
We had reservations for 8.30 and were made to wait for about an hour. The chef who was making all the meals for everyone while waited was not in the kitchen anymore when we sat down and some other assistants made our meal. I ordered the lamb which was completely RAW and tasteless. They did give us a glass of free champagne while we waited. The chocolate dessert was OK hence the two stars but the tiramasu was not good at all. Very dissapointed and will not go back.
Great place for a date.  Small restaurant with nice lighting and atmosphere.  My boyfriend and I ventured into Vero on a weeknight.  The menu is brief but interesting.  Ingredients are high quality (many are organic and local).  The restaurant wasn't very busy, so we got extra special attention from our waiter, Brian, who gave us samples of unique (and delicious) Spanish and Italians wines.  The next time we went to Vero, the restaurant was almost full.  While we didn't get the special attention we got the first time, we still felt the waitstaff took care of us.  We'll definitely be back again.
This is the best Southern Italian food in the Valley. Very authentic, reasonably priced and GOOD! We tried at least 50% of the menu so far, and everything was good.
every since coming back from a trip to italy, i've been on a quest to find a restaurant in the bay area that makes spaghetti alle vongole like the one i had in italy and i've finally found the place.. it's right here at vero.  if you like spaghetti with clams, you must try theirs.  the menu doesn't change between lunch and dinner, which is to say lunch is a bit on the expensive side at ~$15-20 entrees.
i'm a regular at this place.  Its an affordable, authentic, cozy italian restaurant.  the owners are friendly and the food is great.  my favorite dish is the veal, although the halibut with mushrooms a second fav.  wine selection is good and tiramisu and dark chocolate cake a must have!
The tagliatelle with braised beef in a slightly spicy sauce is amazing!  The pasta is cooked perfectly, and the serving is generous enough to bring home left-overs.  The spaghetti carbonara is also tasty, and the lasagna is fresh and hearty.  The steamed mussels come in a delicious broth that is perfect for sopping up with bread.  Vero is a great little undiscovered spot in downtown Palo Alto with good service and consistently excellent dishes.
Good enough Italian food.  One party at our table had overcooked fish. My spaghetti carbonaro was nothing very memorable.  Nice enough atmosphere at an overpriced restaurant is the epitome of a 3 star place.
Yes, very good food. Menu is not to risk taking--fairly common Italian dishes. Not over sauced, Proper balance between the pasta and the sauces. Lamb chops with faglio beans -- properly prepared. Warm Apple dessert was light, sufficient, and tasty. Wait staff was very friendly and helpful. Service slow but may have been a staffing problem. Will go again. Portions reasonable as opposed to so many restaurants in the US where the proportions are appropriate for preparing to work on a farm all day.
Really excellent homemade pasta!  One of the better places to great great pasta on the Peninsula.  We had a prawns dish as an appetizer and tried two pasta dishes so my review is mainly for the pasta since it came highly recommended from a colleague who eats there often.  Not sure why the reviews are mixed.  This place clearly knows how to make really good pasta.  We went there for lunch and had a great meal.  Would highly recommend the places to anyone enjoys pasta.
Real Italian as opposed to Italian American food. Very authentic. Not for all tastes if you like pizza or lasagna for Italian. I loved the squid ink pasta and even the salads were thoughtful and fresh. Great small plates. You can close your eyes and imagine you're in Italy...
Our family loves this place.  We adore the pasta carbonara -- having spent a lot of time in Italy, this it the closest  we've found to authentic in this area.  They have good salads, reasonable prices and are always friendly.  It's the first choice when the college kids come home and we love to introduce friends to the place.  Nice wine selection too.
Anyone who has been to Italy knows that "real" Italian food is not garlicy, saucy, or overly "done". And then we discovered Vero! It has become our regular Friday night restaurant. The entire staff is amazing and Clyde, the chef, knows what he is doing! Massimo and Antonio are the wonderful owners; Brian and Vera are there willing to cater to your every need. Don''t bother with the garlic-loaded Osteria where you can't taste the food. And New Year's Eve dinner was amazing! Thanks to everyone at Vero!
Been going to Vero since it opened, weathering the first mediocre months because it was pleasant to be there and seemed they were trying so hard. It got way better around last fall, with delicious and authentic Italian food. So last night we went in again and it was a horror. My husband's fish, described as being like Chilean sea bass, was about the size of two ice cubes put together. Its vegetables were screaming hot-pepper. Inedible. The lasagne remains excellent. So does the bread. Too bad, because after the way they ignored us once they determined we weren't buying a bottle of wine, the way they let empty plates sit on the table, and the overall annoyance of the experience, we will never go back.
We always go to the same places for dinner but wanted to try something new.  I found Vero on Yelp, called 15 minutes before we wanted to come in on a Friday night, and they were able to take us.  Not usually a good sign, but the previous reviews were very good.  We had a great meal.  The bread is fantastic, loved the simple arugula salad, spaghetti carbonara, and vitello.  Very charming restaurant with an open air kitchen.  Darling blond italian waitress who was very patient with my somewhat picky family.  Our food took quite a long time after we ordered to arrive -- they said due to a large party in the restaurant.  They were very nice about it and I would not hold that against them.
Authentic Italian food.  The amatriciana pasta is especially good.  Highly recommended.
treated business partners and clients here.  good place to treat employees too.  not sure about bringing little kids here for casual meals but it is good for business lunch and dinners.
