We always order from Darbar for large work events. You get a lot of good quality food for a small amount of money (for a small non-profit feeding 40 people for three straight days, this is very useful. And this is always our cheapest meal), and there are ALWAYS leftovers. * Chicken Tikka Masala - 4 stars The sauce is very rich, thick, and flavorful. The chicken is very moist and pretty tender. * Lamb Korma - 3 stars The sauce is also good, but the lamb itself is pretty dry. * Saag Paneer - 4 stars A good solid dish - no complaints! * Aloo Gobhi - 3.5 stars I wish there were more potatoes and less cauliflower. They also don't really cut up the cauliflower so it comes in these huge fist-sized pieces. This is the spiciest dish of what we ordered, but still withstand-able. * Naan - 3.5 stars Once again, no complaints. They cut these up into quarters which is useful for a big catering order like ours. The naan are soft but retain just enough of a crisp. They are on the thinner side, not super fluffy.
I have dined at this restaurant more than a handful of times. The service is always horrible. I've come to expect and accept that. (that is why I never tip, lol) What I don't like is the lack of consistency in my food even though I always order the same thing. (seekh kabab and butter chicken) Last time I was there, the seek kabob tasted like it had been rolled in salt. I had to send it back and they didn't even take it off of my ticket until I pointed it out before paying. The butter chicken was completely over-spcied like the lid fell off the cayenne shaker. For dessert, I had Gulab Jamun. Expecting it like mumma used to make it, I was very disappointed. It was ice cold and frozen in the center. I remember my days in Bombay where I would get fresh Gulabs Jamunis off of the street vendors, hot, warm, and only 5 rupees. How far has Darbar strayed from their roots? It's hit and miss with this place. Khabi khushi khabie gham.
A group of us (8 people total) went here for dinner tonight (a Tuesday night) for a celebration; the restaurant wasn't crowded at all and we were able to get seats immediately. Overall, I was very pleased with the place - it seems like a solid Indian restaurant with excellent food! The vegetarians among the group all shared our dishes; we got the bhindi masala (okra), palak paneer (cheese + spinach), aloo gobhi (potatoes + cauliflower), malai kofta (fried cheese), and chana masala (garbanzo beans). The only dish I was disappointed with was the malai kofta; the cheese was a little bit hard and crusty, and wasn't too flavorful. In contrast, I really enjoyed each of the other four dishes - the flavors and spices were particularly great in the bhindi masala. They also provided a copious amount of naan and rice with the dishes, which meant that by the end of the meal, my waistline was bulging. My only other quibble with the rest of these dishes was that the spiciness varied a lot, even though we did not specify (nor were we asked) what level of spiciness we wanted. A couple of the dishes were barely spicy, while the chana masala was extremely hot for our tastes. Overall, though, I really enjoyed the meal here - good service, good food, and at a reasonable price (~$12 per vegetarian entree). We'll definitely be back!
Some ill-wind led me to this restaurant as the good ones were too far away for a quick take out. Ordered the lamb biriyani -a dish not hard to get wrong unless you use ketchup instead of tomatoes and substitute the spices with salt and pepper ( I guess that is spice in some cuisines). Needless to say the dish was a real hit with my guests that night (NOT) with all opting to go vegetarian. Next time spending a buck more on gas and heading to Shahs' or Shalimar's in Sunnyvale for the authentic stuff.
I always like the food here! The chicken Tikka Masala is excellent. I also order the veg. curry and I find it usually very tasty. The service is always excellent. I always feel I get a good meal for the money!
Yummy food, terrible service. I arrived with 4 other people on a Sunday night at 7 PM. We asked how long the wait was and were told 10-15 minutes. We were not seated until 7:35 PM. It then took 25 minutes for a waiter to come take our order, despite the small size of the restaurant and the hopeful looks we were giving the waiters. We'd try to catch one's attention but he'd make eye contact and then turn the other way. Finally we ordered around 8:00 PM. The food did not come out until 8:40 PM. That's right. FORTY MINUTES! It was just ridiculous. All in all we waited 100 minutes for the food. It was very tasty food so it dulled the pain of the ridiculous wait, but, that was just unacceptable. I won't be coming back. If I'm going to get Indian food in Palo Alto, I'm sure there are a dozen places with better service than Darbar. Even if the food is super yummy. Service ruins good food.
My best friend and I are big fans of this casual Indian restaurant. Darbar is not upscale or elegant, but it's great for nights when we just want to share some good food at a reasonable price. You can almost always walk into Darbar and be seated right away, although the restaurant can get crowded - even on weeknights. My friend and I really like the samosas (however, they are a bit too spicy for my taste), as well as the butter chicken and tandori chicken dishes. And the prices are great. The two chicken dishes I mentioned both cost ~$12, but they come with a delicious bowl of rice and a basket of hot naan. The service has always been adequate and it's clear that the Darbar staff is extremely close-knit (I assume that it is family owned and operated). Most importantly of all, the waiters make sure to constantly refill your water glass, which is absolutely essential given the heavy spices in many of the dishes.
Oh my - how i love this place!!!  Had a ridiculous Indian food craving on Sunday night.  I was really hoping for a buffet, but hey, if you order at Darbar, the amount of food that you get is like eating at the buffet.  Food is AMAZING! Chicken Tikka Masala, the naan, the rice pudding dessert, the service...all fantastic!  LOVE LOVE LOVE! ....paying for it today - my digestive system can only handle soooooooooooo much!
Bad food. Bad service. Food tasted somewhat strange. Not sure if it was a day old or week old. The palak paneer (spinach + cottage cheese cubes) was made out of frozen spinach paste. That is intolerable for a restaurant. When it tasted strange I asked the waiter to replace it with some other curry. The waiter called in the chef and the chef argued that everywhere in the bay area, all the restaurants use frozen spinach paste and they never bring in fresh greens and make a paste out of it. This was totally unreasonable explanation which I did not buy and I had to get arrogant to send the dish back. Fooling non-Indian crowd in Palo Alto was good until now, but I would suggest people to stay away. You never know if you are served stale food or just ready to eat processed food. Won't go. Won't recommend.
Had lunch here with a friend - buffet at $10.99/pp?  It's great value, plenty food and selection.  Couple of the spicy chicken dishes were quite tasty. The restaurant is clean and spacious. Will definitely return if in the neighborhood.
Four stars only because I'm addicted to their Aloo Makhani! My husband and I have been numerous times over the past year - it's convenient for where we live. We had super slow service the first time we went, but we were out with friends and mainly focused on our conversation anyway. Since then, we've always had speedy service - and the staff is always so nice. For a casual Indian place, this is our go-to choice. There are other places in the area that are a bit more upscale (down in MV), but this is great for our budget!
Stanford affiliates who don't give Darbar five stars are crazy. First point, Darbar has this wonderful deal (buy one dish, get one dish free) Sunday through Thursday with a coupon from the Stanford guide or from printing one from online. Second point, butter chicken. Third point, the people who work here are friendly and awesome. Fourth point, bengan baurhta. And palak paneer.
Great Indian place in Palo Alto.  The lunch buffet is very good and I've had pleasant dining experiences every time I've come here for dinner as well.  Love the butter chicken and the samosas. Darbar also gets an extra star for being so generous to poor (well, some are poor at least...) Stanford students and offering buy 1 get 1 free coupons in the student directory. The place gets pretty busy for dinners and there often is a wait during peak hours.  Is it worth the wait? Debatable...but the coupons were a good incentive to stick it out!
I have only been to this place for lunch and it was great! The food and the service have been great every time we have been there. Make sure you try the chili chicken it is outstanding.
Really quick service and great food!
I came here for dinner on a Friday night and was pleasantly surprised.  It's a little expensive for home cooking, but the cheap desserts and cheap sides make up for the more expensive entrees.  We had the chicken tikka masala and the lamb vindaloo.  Both came with a side or riata and dal, naan, and rice. The naan here is really super good!  It's toothsome and crunchy at the same time.  The sauce on the chicken tikka was pretty standard (lacked the smoky kick that I really love in some masala sauces) and the lamb vindaloo was only mildly Americanized (meaning:  it was still vinegary and super spicy, but not so spicy that you set the room on fire later). The only downside was the kheer was a bit watery (they used mostly milk rather than cream) and the home made ice cream was more like a frozen cream custard (not as creamy as ice cream normally is).  If you know what to expect when you order the ice cream, it's actually pretty good. Service was fast and efficient, but we were not rushed to leave.
There was 4 of us at dinner; and the restaurant was pretty packed for a Monday night. We ordered almost all vegetarian, and simple food. -2  Shanni paneer -- 1 mild which was good. 1 spicy which I did not eat. - Mattar paneer -- I thought maybe the peas were undercooked. - Chole - Rotis - Garlic naan Non-Veg. -1 Keema naan -- Minced lamb meat stuffed inside a roti. This was pretty good. Frozen or not, I have not idea, however, cooking it like a roti probably helped with the taste. Other choice is microwave, yuck...and I doubt. I would want to come back and try more of their non-vegetarin dishes. One star off because the staff wasn't on top of it. They wouldn't smile. And we were seated a table that fits four, but the space on the table was crowded. The servers just stood around while we figured out where to put the extra dishes. We ended up putting them at the table behind us.
I usually use Darbar to cater events we have at the med school. They give you a LOT of food for the amount. Just make sure to order for fewer people than you really have as they always give you too much food, but at $11-$12/person, who's getting mad either way. Among my favorite dishes are the lamb saag, their lamb vindaloo (it's really really spicy though!), and the okra masala. They are also one of the few Indian restaurants I know that gives you pretty GOOD naan with your meal at no extra cost. Stanford students, always take advantage of the buy-one get-one free meal when you eat in, granted stopping in for the lunchtime buffet is also a good idea.
I LOVE this place. If I could eat it everyday with out my hips widening I would. It truly lives up to the price under $12 and all the naan you could ask for.
Excellent food, but be prepared to wait a long time My experience here introduced me to my latest pet peeve; if you are done with your meal, don't sit at your table for an additional 20 - 30 mins when you see a long line of people waiting for a table to open up. that is just plain inconsiderate of the people and the establishment. Two tables did this while I was there . Advice to Darbar staff; telling patrons it will take 5-10 mins to get seated when that is obviously not true is not good situation management. I might go back for the food someday when prepared to wait for my dinner
I was presently surprised with this restaurant. The service was great and the food was tasty! I just wished the curries had some heat to it. It wasn't spicy at all but the taste was definitely there. We ordered the spinach with lamb curry, Butter Chicken, Beef Samosas, Basmati, and 2 Mango Lassis. I would definitely come back! It's located in downtown Palo Alto. We walked around downtown a bit to wait until it opened at 5pm for dinner.
I really enjoy Darbar.  When I go out for Indian food in Palo Alto, Darbar is the restaurant I go through.  The food is consistenly good, for both vegetarian and non-veg dishes.  The food is authentic, not fusion.  I especially like that they give daal and yogurt with most of their dishes.  I just like the extra sometihng :) I will warn you, it is a tad loud, and if you are calling in a take-out order and they don't pick up, it isn;t because they are closed, it just means there is no one at the front desk.  Just call back a few minutes later.
This place is awful. My old coworkers used to come out here together for lunch, and me and the other Indian woman would just order a lassi and plan to eat a packed lunch later. This is the kind of Indian food where I suspect the food was spiced at the last minute, meaning the spices aren't cooked thoroughly and you WILL "get it in the end" a couple hours later. This laziness, and its downstream effects, makes all Indian food look bad. If Indian food "gives you indigestion", it's probably because you're going to crappy Indian places. When Indians cook at home, we cook the spices before adding other ingredients so that the flavors permeate and so we don't get "GI distress" from eating it. This takes more skill because you have to know how much spice to use from the get go. Restaurants that spice at the end are cutting corners that will come back and bite you in the ass. There are better Indian places a block or two over in Palo Alto, so I suggest venturing elsewhere for your Palo Alto Indian fix.
Bad attitude, poor service - I happen to go there with 15 other guests, and the owner showed very bad attitude in accomodating our group. We were willing to sit on separate tables, but he said he can not accomodate more than 12 of us. There were ample tables available. He did not mention any other prior reservations for other tables. All he kept repeating was that some other customers might have to be turned down if he accomodates our group. It was very embarassing for me. We eventually went to 'Janta' restaurant few blocks down. Owner seated us graciously, and food was great. when we passed by the restaurant on our way back to the cars, lots of tables were still empty. The owner treated us as if other guests will be better than our group for some reason. I will never ever go to back to this place.
I love this place! I've been to two other Indian places in downtown PA area and this one is by far the best. I've been here twice now; lunch buffet with coworkers and dinner with le boyfriend. The lunch buffet is so yummy and well priced. It was under $15 I think... it's seriously under priced for the amount of choices and how good they are! The other two places I went to had less choices and food quality was ridiculous AND either equal or more pricey. For dinner, we ordered: Chicken Tikka Masala Aloo Gobi (potatoes with cauliflower, semi spicy) Saag Paneer (creamed spinach with cheese) Mango Lassis It came with: Rice (big portion) Naan (big portion) Yogurt (small side cup) Lentils (small side cup) Service was great, the guy kept refilling our water. Food came out pretty quick as well. I'd say the only issue that le boyfriend had was that there wasn't enough chicken in the tikka masala. I'd say  5 or 6 pieces? So it was a little disappointing from that front and hence, minus the one star. Decor is minimal and average sized restaurant. Nothing fancy, you can walk in wearing pjs if you want.
Very unimpressive food. Also, note that when they say they deliver, they mean they deliver if you order more than $110. Still searching for my go to Indian restaurant (preferably they deliver to PA too...)... Any advice, very welcome!
Hello Guys !! Darbar is really a nice place to go for Authentic North Indian  food !! No matter how big you get, customer always is the KING of the market!!! They very well understand this. All the staff from cooks , waiters , managers all give a warm smile to their customers. Dinner here is fairly priced. Food is tasty that is rich in Spices and the butter is used lavishly. Naan here is extremely fresh unlike other places.. Also Yelpers do not forget to try Coffee as its authentic and enough to keep me awake for 12 hours !!!!! My father loves this place and it is his all time favorite when he visits me. Good Luck Darbar Indian Cuisine !!!!
Darbar is  close to my office and I tend to eat lunch here at least once every couple weeks. After several years I can confirm the 4 star rating. Service is always attentive and the buffet items fresh and tasty! And very importantly your water glass is constantly being refilled as many of the dishes are wonderfully tasty, but spicey!
The best indian restaurant i Palo Alto. The good is good and well priced - with every entree (around $12-16) you also get rice, nan, dal and raita. Not all the places nearby will include this. I like to try different things when I go here, but I have been especially satisfied with the lamb saag. My hubby usually gets the chicken korma, which also is tasty, Service is ok, our water is always refilled, however the one time the two of us ordered a full carafe of wine, this led to a lot of giggling and odd looks, and they came and asked is three times if we really wanted the whole thing. What can I say, we were thirsty!
My delicious go-to Indian eatery near home. Even though there are some places that are closer, these guys have the best flavor and reasonable prices. I thrive on their Chicken Tikka Masala, and their creamy Mango Lassis. Service is prompt and friendly, and I've always had good experiences here.
I love Indian pickles! I crave them sometimes, and saw Darbar had some on the menu. My husband picked up some takeout, we got the non-veg biryani and four (yes FOUR) orders of Indian pickles. Well, I wasnt impressed with the flavor or quantity of either the pickles or biryani. Just mediocre. The search for delicious tangy spicy pickles goes on... Also, the wait for take out was over an hour on a Thursday!
This is the Indian food of choice for Stanford students. It might have something to do with the buy one get one free entree coupons that they put in the Unofficial Guides that all students get but it's also delicious food. It's definitely my favorite in town. It's a good price, even without a coupon. I tend to go for a chicken curry (either vindaloo or tikka-masala) or a palak paneer. The vindaloo is SPICY. Don't get my wrong, I love it but you've been warned. You also get rice, naan, yogurt, and a little lentil cup with your dishes. They also give you some sort of thin crunchy chip-like appetizer at the beginning of the meal. I like them but I tend to focus more on my main course. Luckily the bottomless cups of water are truly bottomless as the guy with the water pitcher is constantly circulating, unlike in other restaurants.
One entree is enough for dinner that night and lunch the next day. I've never hit Darbar for the lunch buffet, but I hear great things about it. If you're going to have them cater for a large group of people, make sure to order in advance - they get booked pretty quick.
So... we haven't dined here in a while. We have ordered take-out from here a few times since the last time we dined in. Although the food is still good, we no longer want to subject ourselves to the uncomfortable service offered by the waiters here. There's the weird way they stare at you from across the room which I don't really really mind, being aware of the culture differences in the way men look at women in certain parts of the world. But we had an incident when the chicken in my biryani was pink. So we asked the waiter to send it back. He kept insisting that the chicken that came in my biryani was the same chicken that came in my husband's curry. Therefore, if there's nothing wrong with the curry, there can't be anything wrong with the biryani. We had to explain the problem to him over and over again before he took the food back to the kitchen. For the rest of the meal, he kept giving us dirty looks which kinda made us afraid to eat the food when it came back to us from the kitchen. For me, there's always something off about Indian restaurants' service, but this one's is just extra weird. I still like the food a lot though.
Your water glass will never be half empty when you dine here. They fill up your water all the time.... Read more 
I have been going to Darbar for over 10 years (actually maybe more like 15) and I LOVE IT!   The food is great.  I have NEVER had bad service there so seeing a review that says that tells me that that was either a VERY off day for Darbar or that customer was really hard to please.  Give this place a try for delicious Indian food and ask for the Mango Chutney!  There are so many good dishes at this place!
Good food but rather oily and greasy. A few years ago their naan was more dough-y and fluffier but they were limp and thin and not very dough-y this time. We were a party of 7 and they served two of us first, then the next 4, and then I had to wait about 10 minutes later for my dish to arrive. We waited about 45 minutes for our food to appear, despite having a late dinner - we arrived hungry around 7:45 and didn't get our food until 8:30 pm!!! Plus the waiter was very aggressive about refilling our waters, so that made things quite awkward. They have good vegetarian options like the mixed veggie curry. I don't like to have creamy dishes or a lot of fried food so it was tricky finding something that would suit my tastes. I was happy with the veggie curry and the chickpeas (tomato-based sauce) is ok too, but a bit plain.
I think Darbar's lunch buffet is probably much better than the dinner menu.  I came here for dinner with my family.  Service was so-so, and the food was decent.... portions were small. I probably would come back again but for lunch.  Not for dinner.
Love their food! Darbar is the restaurant that made me fall in love with Indian food, and now I'm always willing to try a new dish or Indian restaurant. The service is good, and the ambiance is ok.  Its not the fanciest place, but I love their Palak Paneer, Butter Chicken, Vegetable Korma, and everything else I have had here, never had anything that was bad!
OK, the food is pretty good. Probably one of the better Indian places I've had on the Peninsula, but order it to-go because the rest of it is not worth experiencing. My wife and I have recently decided to never eat in the restaurant again because the wait staff are so bad. The whole ambiance is just weird. The waiters never really speak to you and we get a very creepy vibe. You'll never go thirsty because they refill your water every 6 seconds, but aside from that I don't think we could say a single positive thing about the wait staff. Last time we were there my wife ordered a chicken dish. When she cut into it, the chicken was still pink inside. This has never been an issue before so we weren't upset, but we asked the waiter to take it back. He actually argued with us that it was the marinade that made it pink and didn't want to take it back! In the first place the marinade was brown, in the second place WE KNOW WHAT RAW CHICKEN LOOKS LIKE! Instead of apologizing profusely and bringing us new food, he acts like we're too stupid to know when chicken isn't cooked and when he finally brings us new food he lectures us that it's the same as we had before. Anyway, long story short, I wouldn't recommend it. I thought the raw chicken was a fluke, but I'm not so sure after reading other reviews about people getting sick. Regardless if you want to eat the food, order it for take out and don't sit down for any longer than you have to.
One reviewer said that the all you can eat buffet is worth it for $13. This makes little sense to me since there are 2 better buffets nearby (Janta and Mantra) that cost less and have better options (Mantra = better quality, Janta = awesome tea). Summary --- branch out, try the other Indian restaurants in Palo Alto that are better food wise and ambiance wise.
My friend and I had never eaten out at an Indian place before, but she loves spicy, exotic food, so I figured she'd like Indian. I Yelped this place, and on our way to the Bay Area for a concert, we stopped by here. We both ordered the Thali dinner (non-veggie) so we could try everything. Looking at the other dishes on the menu, it seem quite pricey, but the Thali dinner was a good deal for the amount of the food we got. We were hard-pressed to finish everything and were quite full. The lamb curry was good, though I'm slowly warming up to lamb, in general, but the butter chicken was exceptionally delicious! Butter and chicken! What could be better! This is definitely one of my fave Indian dishes! The various fried things and sauces were confusing, but yummy and fun to try! I don't know if I'd come back, since it's expensive, but it was a great way to take my Indian food virginity, if ya know what I mean ;]
I went with a friend for dinner, ordered 3 dishes and ended up paying $60 including tip, which is somewhat ok, considering the serving size and the extras with each order. One might consider their rates to be little expensive but their serving size, extras and quality is much better than other desi restaurants. Definitely worth the price! At the end, I realized we ordered double the amount we could eat. I found the staff extremely courteous as they were constantly paying attention to all the customers; they even offered complimentary pakoras and 4 various types of sauces. I really liked the food; initially I did not feel like going there but my friend insisted me too and I am glad I listened to her and tried this place. Would definitely go to this place more often. Highly recommended!
Go for the food, not the ambiance or waitstaff. The food here is pretty awesome. I eat here frequently as it is close to work and is in my opinion the best Indian in Palo Alto. My only complaint is the waitstaff. It is difficult to order anything to drink or naan and for some reason they fill up your water glass every couple minutes which isn't too bad. This being said, if you're just looking for awesome Indian sans the restaurant experience, I highly recommend the place.
I've tried a lot of different Indian restaurants, and I think this one is probably one of my favorites.  I had this as take-out when I was visiting my friends up north.  It was soooooo goooood (even as take out!).  We had the spinach, eggplant, lentils curry naan, rice,... and they were all really yummy. Next time I'm in norcal, I'm trying this again (and gonna try the samosas too!)
Darbar is okay, in fact I feel like I might be a little generous awarding a three star rating. We ordered the Paneer Pakora and Shani Pakora with a side of mango chutney. Our hostess/waitress was pleasant and efficient, though I would agree with the other reviewers who called the rest of the staff zombies.  The ambiance leaves much to be desired.  I'm not too picky about decor, but with some actually really pretty Indian restaurants in the area, its hard not to judge.  The colors are ketchup and mustard as my husband pointed out.  The room just felt off. We were brought aloo tikki on the house as an amuse bouch.  I was quite pleasantly surprised and happy it wasn't the requisite papadum, which I normally don't complain about anyways...but its nice  to have something different every now and then.  The flavor was there definitely.  They had a nice spice level, though I felt that they could have been crispier.  They seemed a little on the soggy side.  They had been paired with a mild mint sauce, which I thought tasted tinny, as well as another sauce which I could only compare to tamarind, but it tasted a little different.  Good but different. Our paneer pakora came out next.  It is a great value.  I can't remember the exact count, but we received a decent basket size amount of pakora.  They looked almost like fried raviolis, which we weren't used to.  They too had the same issue of not being crispy enough. Finally the Shani Pakora came out.  Along with each entree you receive rice, nan, raita, and dal. Its a great value for a $11 entree, if you ask me.  It was actually pretty good.  I generally hate green peppers, but found their flavor enhanced the dish.  It was pretty creamy and the pakora weren't blocks of squeakiness. We didn't ever receive our mango chutney, and after being half way through our meal, decided not to ask for it again.  Its forgivable, as it happens all the time, though it was a little disappointing. I don't understand why any of the reviewers called Darbar expensive.  They are anything but, especially compared to other Indian places nearby, but those are also better.  I come from the camp that price shouldn't always determine where to satisfy your cravings.
Chicken Biriyani....I would've forked up more for something else but reading reviews I came in here with no preference whatsoever. I work literally less than a block away, but I couldn't dine in for the lunch buffet because I had too much work to do. I figured I'd get something to go, however the prices here are pretty steep. Not knowing what to get, I just went for the lower costing option. Indian food should never cost this much unless I'm getting like 6 dishes or something. But anyway it was alright, I think I'll just stick to trying a curry, korma, or masala dish next time... Lunch buffet is probably more worth it compared to ordering an individual order for take out, just FYI. My quest for finding good, low costing, tasty food options under walkable conditions continue...
I've been to Darbar twice recently.  Lunch is buffet-only, mostly North Indian, and it rocked.  Everything was fresh and hot, the crunchy fried stuff was crunchy, the aloo gobhi was exceptionally good, the waiters refilled water fast.  No dosas, though, and a relatively small number of curries, but I was very happy with it. Dinner was unsatisfactory.  It was really crowded even late on a Wednesday, which is ok, but be prepared for it, and they don't take reservations for less than 7 people.  Stuff that wasn't supposed to be crunchy was also crunchy.  The malai kofta only had two veggie balls in lots of sauce, and they were cooked into annoying toughness.  (The sauce was a bit unusual - I liked it, but my friend didn't.)  The lamb in the lamb saag was tough.  The keema dosa was apparently weird (I'm a veggie, but my friends didn't like it.)  The tandoori fish was fine.  They have vindaloo available with pork, beef, lamb, veggie, fish, chicken - we got the veggie, because I never get to have vindaloo, but it probably would have been more balanced with meat or seafood.  The breads, samosas, and crunchy appetizers were fine.  We all left feeling overstuffed and unsatisfied.   I also got a masala dosa to take home for my wife, who said it tasted ok, but dosas never reheat well. So lunch was a 4, and dinner was a 2 at best.
We finally ate dinner at Darbar this past weekend, and after seeing our bill---we will be going back many times! We got an appetizer, pompadoms and an entree for $20. Can't complain there! And it was plenty of food. The food was great, the service was not the best. Once our order was taken, we did not have interaction with our server until the bill came. They were prompt on the water refills, which was appreciated. However, it's nice when your waitstaff checks in to make sure your food is alright and you don't need anything else. We ended up pulling aside a food runner to order some pompadoms.
Hands down the best Indian Buffet in the Western Hemisphere - granted I haven't quite been to every single one. It is a tad bit on the pricey side, but as long as you have a big appetite going in, you will get more than your money's worth. One interesting factoid about the Darbar buffet is that they often serve a chinese dish like veggie chow mein - pretty strange, right? The only reason I'm giving them 4 stars instead of 5 is because their dinner isn't quite up to par with their lunch buffet. if you're going for Indian dinner in downtown PA then Janta, right down the street on Lytton, is probably a slightly better bet. For buffet though, Darbar carries the day - or shall we say, carries the dal?
If you want to have a melt-your-face-off spicy Indian experience, then make a beeline for Darbar.  The food is super yummy and intense.  Ask for a pitcher of water before you dig in (or lots of Kingfisher if you are not driving) The mixed bhajias will peel the paint off the wall (especially the chilies). Even the samosas seem to have some kick. We're big fans of the Chana Masala and the Chicken Tikka Masala. The service is well-intentioned and friendly, but they are sort of L-E-T-H-A-R-G-I-C Good for take-out too.
I first came here for a lunch buffet several years ago.. maybe 10yrs? I remembered the food fondly though. So it was a super treat to come back the other week and enjoy dinner there with some friends. We shared 4 entrees (ok, 3 were shared... one of us wasn't sharing his Butter Chicken for ANYTHING!) We had Palak Paneer (I think) and Navrattan Korma, Chicken Masala and an order of samosas. The samosas are very spicy (didn't expect that) but delicious! In fact, everything was delicious - and well portioned. We had a little left over for lunch the next day and the charming waiter boxed everything up with a little extra rice & our remaining naan. The extra helpfulness easily put an extra star on the night! Definitely worth coming back. But sooner this time!
My husband and I ordered the Mixed Grill dinner.  We found the food wasn't very hot or flavourful and there weren't any veggies with the meal.  The meat was re-heated and some of it was fresh. The food came out very quickly. The naan and rice were good.  I was impressed with how often they filled the water glass up but that's about it. I think their lunch buffet might be better.
Excellent food and good service at a very affordable price. We ate there for dinner last night and were impressed by the speed of service, quality and taste of the food, and the laid back environment.
Went here the other night, it was my first Indian experience, and I must say it was quite delightful. I tried the butter chicken after reading the great reviews on yelp and I couldn't have made a better choice. The sauce is soo good and I love that they give you rice and naan unlike other places that make you pay for rice. The price were really reasonable as well and the server was very attentive. Would definitely come back, be prepared to feel full after!
Too often Indian restaurants are hole in walls. This is not super fancy, but it's clean and comfortable. I had the lunch buffet. I enjoyed it vey much and will come back again. I had tried Mantra in Palo Alto which is not real Indian food. So it was great finding this place. The nan was hot and fresh and the dishes were flavorful.
Went here for dinner, wished it was a tad bit cheaper, but the food was pretty decent. Ordered some vegetarian dish, a spicy chicken dish, lamb vindaloo, beer, and some naan.  The chicken was really good, but the lamb was a bit chewy and/or overcooked.  Two of us liked the chicken most of the three, one favored the lamb. The waitstaff was very attentive about keeping our waters filled (5 stars!), and thank God for that, since some of those dishes were pretty spicy. Only major problem was that there were bugs flying in the room that I needed to keep swatting.
Went to have the lunch buffet as one of the few India buffet places close to University Avenue.  Food was cold-ish  (and we were here at 1245pm so its not as if we were the last customers) and not really flavorful.
I enjoy Indian food and I would have to say that Darbar is good but it is not spectacular. I guess I think of Indian food as being super tasty and well I can say that the flavors were a little on the milder side. The overall delicious-ness factor is good but lacks that extra something that makes it's a five-star-tasting restaurant. Some things I liked though... Portions are hearty for the price. They always topped off the water and staff was nice. The ambiance is lively - Sunday night and the place was packed full and decorated with bright colors. The masala dosa was tasty and worth trying if you haven't had a chance to try South Indian cuisine.
Someone asked me what I thought about this place and my response was....its not bad, sort of what you would expect from an Indian restaurant in Palo Alto. Yep.  I think that sums it up.  The food was decent, in some standards could be considered good considering the location.  I've had the lunch buffet once and another time from their catering.  Everything I've tried was good, not awesome.  I've definitely had better Indian food in other areas in California but this place would help hit the spot in a pinch. I love my naan and I've had better.  I feel the naan here is a little more dense than it should be.
I have been going to Dar Bar since I was a kid, it has always been my favorite Indian restaurant after trying so many other places, they don't compare. The lunch buffet is great, lots of selection. For dinner I recommend the Aloo Palak, Navrattan Korma or Butter Chicken, but everything I have had there is delicious. The service is always very good, very attentive, especially when it comes to refilling water to wash down all the spicy food.
Love their food - especially their renditions of my favorites, Butter Chicken and Palak Paneer. Dinner entrees come with a side of saffron rice, raita, and dal. And they always serve plenty of naan for the table. I've eaten here many times and have never been disappointed by their food. Be sure to save some room for a mango lassi or their kheer (rice pudding) for dessert!
Expensive dinner *definitely worth the all you can eat lunch buffet for $13!!!
Darbar is the icon of how I ate in grad school during nights out for food. I get sentimental thinking about the piping hot naan and chicken tikka masala. I still go to Darbar, maybe a few times a year nowadays. The food is consistently delicious and I will keep returning. Okay I have to admit something. If you can get your hands on Darbar buy-one-get-one-free coupons, you'll be more inclined to go. I "magically" got hold of about 50 of these coupons in grad school from the Stanford Directory. I still have a bunch of them, and they have no expiration date! Let's review...go to Darbar for naan, chai, chicken tikka masala, shrimp curry. Also consider Darbar if you want to cry like a baby while eating their spicy vindaloo dishes. The lunch buffet for about $13 is a good deal I'd recommend. The atmosphere is cozy, with nice decorations, and quick service. You'll like the speed in which waiters fill your water glass after you eat the spicy curries. I recommend a window seat for a nice view of downtown Palo Alto.
This review is for the lunchtime buffet only. I had a slightly disappointing visit to Darbar for lunch recently. Not because anything was terrible. I just had higher expectations from my one-time favorite Indian spot in the bay area. Darbar may very well still be a great spot to go for dinner, I just think the lunch buffet is very average. And very crowded too. (Some background - When the wife was pregnant with our first daughter, some nights Indian food is all she wanted to eat. As dutiful husband I granted her every reasonable request. (And Indian food is always reasonable). So sometimes I was here for takeout a few nights a week. We still tell my oldest daughter that when she was born, she consisted of one quarter chana masala.) Fast forward to my present day lunch. On entering, I noticed the interior hasn't changed in the years since my last visit - very basic, with warm colors and minimal artwork. A bit rundown, but not overly so. The buffet is good sized: approximately a dozen dishes, plus rice and potato balls, fruit and dessert.  It was a tight fit though, and they had packed in extra serving containers in the back, which were hard to reach. The tables looked as is they were about to buckle with the weight. Food quality was good, but variety was uninteresting.  There was nothing here I hadn't had before.  This included: Chana masala (as delicious as always), lamb curry (good but slightly dry), chicken curry (very good), saag (standard), aloo gobi (standard), butter chicken (standard) and yellow dal (very good) Dessert offerings were uninteresting - jalub gamun and rice pudding. Since I wasn't in the mood for either, and the line was ridiculously long at this point, I decided to pass it up. One note: Piped-in music was unique and went beyond the usual, traditional, sitar strumming you usually hear. However, at one point there was an Indian-style electronica song that was so repetitive and jarring that a few times I actually had to stop eating, plug my ears, and take a breather. And I like Indian music (and most electronica). Price was just under $12 - pretty average for buffet in the area, so no extra points for value.
Though a tad on the pricey (welcome to palo alto) this is by far one of my favorite Indian buffets.  And for about $11, you get an endless supply of na'an and curry. And sure, our na'an basket was always empty, but that was because they couldn't keep up with how fast we were devouring them.  The service there was actually surprisingly good.  Consistent refills of na'an and water, and my used plate was always gone by the time i was back from the buffet.
Every Wed is pretty much the same. I watch a movie with a couple friends and then we head out for some eats. I never would think to eat here since it's off the main University choice of eateries, but one of the friends suggested that it was delish, so of course we have to try it. Let me paraphrase this review by saying, I am a textures kind of girl so normally I don't like anything but buttered chicken at any indian place. So that in essence is what I ordered here. And it was SO good. We also had an eggplant based dish, which was tasty and some super spicy dish. But reflecting upon dinner, all I can remember was the butter chicken. So noms. It was good.
When my friends suggested Indian food, I had no idea how much I was actually craving it. Turns out, that's exactly what I wanted to eat Sat. night. So, my S.O. and I went out with our friends B. and T. to Darbar. They were right: Darbar's food is delicious. We all shared an order of vegetable samosas, which were crispy, spicy, and not too oily. I ordered tandoori chicken, which came with dal, raita, naan, and rice. While it wasn't the best rice I've ever eaten at an Indian restaurant, the chicken was certainly tasty and moist. The atmosphere felt cozy, as it resembled that of my favorite Indian restaurants during my college years: 1 room with unpretentious artwork and painted walls. This was a nice break from the more pretentious establishments that are more about fancy decorations than good food. I don't think we could have beaten the price, as we got a lot of tasty food for the money. Next time an Indian Food craving strikes, I'll be at Darbar. Note: One downside is that my clothing and I smelled like curry for days after, so unless you want your clothing to smell like curry, wear something you can wash or be prepared for a trip to the cleaner.
Service is quick and they fill your water when you need it...and surprisingly I needed it quite often! This indian food was spicier than what I'm used to so I had to drink a lot of water - usually you wouldn't think that Chicken Tikka Masala is spicy but this one is! My bf who loves spicy food loved his dish. So if you tend to like indian food on the spicier side, go here!
My favorite place for Indian food. Here's why: Lunch - it's a buffet with a large selection of vegetarian, meat, spicy, and non-spicy options for a very reasonable price. Dinner - portions are large, and the price is reasonable (around 12-15) for a entree+naan+rice. Other reasons: - Waiters are very prompt at refilling your water.  It's probably cause they know their lamb vindaloo is spicy and that I'm a noob who can't handle it.  They must secretly enjoy refilling my glass so often. - They offer a 2 for 1 entree coupon for Stanford students!  So go here if you can get one of their coupons in the Stanford Directory.  It's such a steal!
Located in downtown Palo Alto, this Indian place is a bit pricey for the food quality.  We ordered several dishes to share.  All of them were decent, but not different from any other Indian restaurant in terms of quality or originality.  You're playing more purely for the Palo Alto location. The Lamb Vindaloo (4 stars, $15) was probably the best item we had.  It was spicy and tender. Chicken Tikka Masala (3 stars, $14) was flavorful, but fairly standard. Chicken Saag (2.5 stars, $14 ) not as flavorful as the other two dishes.  I've had better versions elsewhere. Aloo Makhni (2.5 stars $12)  was okay, but very pricey for potato and peas. Naan (2 stars) was dry and not as good as most Indian places. The decor was a bit nicer than the average.  Service was good.  Overall, it was decent, but wouldn't go out of the way for this Indian restaurant.
I'm glad I came to try out Darbar even though there are quite a few negative reviews.  Darbar is actually one of my friend's favorite Indian place, so of course I had to come check it out. We didn't have a reservation, so we had to wait about 10-15 min on a weeknight for dinner. We ordered the Chicken Vindaloo and the Palak Paneer.  I loved the the chicken because it was perfectly spicy.  I have to admit, I probably like Darbar just because it was the spiciest Indian food I've ever had.  The naan was great too.
I was visiting my parents in Palo Alto last night, and my dad and I decided to grab some food to go. We ordered: Lamb Vinadaloo (REALLY spicy... mmmmm), Bengan Bhurta (eggplant), and Tandoori Pomfret (fish cooked in the tandoor). We also got an order of Aloo Paratha (whole wheat bread stuffed with potatoes and peas). The main entree dishes also come with free rice, raita, tons of plain naan, and dal. I liked all the dishes except for the Tandoori Pomfret, which was rather fishy tasting/smelling. It also was a whole fish, which you need to peel off of the bones, so be prepared! A solid choice for takeout, but I prefer Janta down the street overall.
Next time you decide to have a nice sit-down meal with friends on a Saturday night and hypothetically, if your only other options were your local In-n-Out or the La Vic taqueria, I'd say you go with anything except this place.  "Why", you ask? Well, first of all,  your tummy will thank you for choosing a burger or a taco than a poorly cooked biryani from Darbar (with chicken still pink) which will make you sick. Second, any of the other places will let you sit and enjoy your under $10 meal at your pace. This place, on the other hand, wouldn't allow more than 30 minutes for letting you and your friends relish two beers each, appetizers, and three entrees costing around than $30/head. What if you don't? Well, a different member of their staff will nag you every 5 minutes and ask if you are done, even when they can see beer bottles still half full, and dishes still not empty. That will continue until the manager stops by your desk, takes your friend's plate away while asking rhetorically "You're done, right?" and when your friend says politely, "Well, if you don't let me finish, I guess I am done", the manager would go, "Of course, if you came-in at 5pm, I would let you sit. You're not eating, you're sitting and talking. Look at the clock in front of you. Do you know what time it is? " I finally said, "Well that won't be a problem, 'cause I'm sure we're not coming back. Oh, and by the way, yes, I own a wrist watch and I'm wearing it right now." The manager goes, "That's OK". Oh and by the way, we were talking in English and the manager for some reason in broken Hindi. OK, I admit we went a little late and were informed (upon sitting, not before) that the kitchen will close in 10 minutes. But most places allow at least an hour between kitchen closing and place shutting down to allow enough time for your dinner, usually an hour. And if they must shut down, they'll let you know politely. If this were the kind of behavior you got from a restaurant in India in a location a third as popular as downtown Palo Alto, the place will probably shut down in 5 days. I have had better experience in road-side hole-in-the-wall shacks. Now let's talk about the food itself (flavor, portions etc., since we have already discussed  quality). Like most people mentioned in their reviews, bland, Americanized Indian food. All entrees came with naan, rice and surprisingly, small cups (think 1 tablespoon each) of mixed lentils and raita (yogurt). No one, and I mean no one, in India or is even 1% Indian eats or serves a tablespoon of raita or lentils with their entree. Heck, even the biryani came with the one tablespoon raita. Do you think that would be enough for you? Appetizers came with only mint chutney and we had to specially ask for the tamarind one, as also for pickle, to cover-up the non-existant flavor. And don't bother asking the hostess if the place has a full bar as you sit down, 'cause she won't have a clue as to what that means. On a scale of 1 to 5: Decor: 2, Flavor: 2, Service: -5, Quality: 0 I just hope I don't need to pop any Imodiums and I can forget this experience soon.
I arrived at 6 pm on a Wednesday night and there was one other party already seated.  I was seated adjacent to them when there were 20+ empty tables.  I thought it was odd, but decided that they knew what they were doing.  My friend showed up and he hardly had space to sit so we requested to move to another table.  "What about that table for four?"  No.  "Over there?"  No.  They eventually agreed to moving us to another table for three, but with more room. Right around 7 pm this place became PACKED.  Almost all of their tables were filled and our clothes were definitely soaking in the smell of the spices.  I liked the chicken tikka masala and the aloo golbi.  The fish curry dish we had was okay.  Naan was slightly burned. Overall I thought the place was decent, but lacked cleanliness and air circulation!  Maybe I'll order to go next time.
I'm not an expert on Indian cuisine... but I love tasty food, and that's exactly what I get every time I come to Darbar.  They have consistent, delicious Indian food at a great value: if you poke around the internet, you can almost always find a coupon for 1/2 off an entree.  Not as ridiculously cheap as the good old days of "buy one entree get one free" coupons, but still solid.  My favorites here include the butter chicken, and the bengan bharta, which is pretty much the only way that I will eat eggplant willingly. Extra points for the potato patty and sauces at the beginning of the meal, the diligence in filling my water, and the INCLUDED naan and rice that come with every dish!
I spent the first twenty-one years of my life avoiding Indian food, as to me Indian fell under the umbrella of "too spicy to survive," which also included things like kimchi, the vast majority of tacos, and cinnamon gum.  Last month, I was out on the town (that is, University Avenue) with my friend Molly, acceding to her the choice of dinner locales.  We ended up at Darbar, where I nervously scanned the menu for anything that wouldn't burn off my taste buds or upset my sensitive stomach.  I finally decided on the tandoori chicken ("as little spice as possible, please") -- it was fairly good, but nothing remarkable. However, last Monday we visited Darbar again, and this time I decided on the biriani, "tender chicken" with a "delicious rice preparation."  After a few bites, I immediately decided that I had been a fool for vetoing every time someone else had suggested Indian food, or perhaps it was just Darbar that was special.  As promised, the chicken was tender, and the rice was delicious.  Magical, even.  What's more, the portions were so generous the leftovers became a huge lunch for the next day. Service-wise, the waitstaff is very attentive and helpful, always around with pitchers -- if you're not careful, you'll down five or six glasses' worth of water.  As with most restaurants, it's pretty crowded on the weekend, but it's perfect for a mid-week dinner.  For a student, it's a tad expensive, but since I was able to turn one meal into two, it's definitely worth the price.
Would have liked to give it 3.5 stars. Went there for lunch and decided to try the buffet. My friend told me that most places serve a la carte food using the buffet food anyway. Not sure if that is true but made a note to self... I went there with reasonably high expectations based on the reviews. Parking as expected was a bit of a hassle. Anywhere near University is a pain. Service was friendly. The food was slightly above average. Naans and the chicken kebab were good. The rest was average. Dessert was bad. The gulab jamoon was obviously old and was dry. Would go again if I was in the area and was suddenly attacked by a sudden craving for Indian food and could not wait 15 mts. If not, I will drive to Shalimar and Passage to India in Mt View which are better.
Due to a childhood spent training in the ancient art of competitive eating, I was happy to do battle with the $10 lunch buffet at Darbar. This is a great place for a fast lunch in downtown Palo Alto. The food is excellent for buffet and the service is fairly efficient. Get here early as the line starts to build after noon. And don't forget to bring your pillow to work for an after lunch nap.
Their food is pretty good. Their weekday buy one get one free coupon is a pretty good deal.
So, I'm a NEWB to Indian food. Everyone loves it, but I'm not a fan of curry or anything. So my cousins were on a mission to show me non-curried foods. It was a success at Darbar! Buttered Chicken (droooooool)  YUM. Pakora Samosas Chicken Tandoori Naan Rice My tummy was soooo so happy :) And I am now slowly getting won over by Indian Cuisine!
Indian food this tasty can't be healthy for you.  Worse yet, there's a lunch buffet taunting you with its siren's song of sweet, succulent...oh, to hell with the alliteration. It's the best Indian restaurant in Palo Alto proper.  There's at least one (maybe two) on its level in Mountain View, but they shall remain nameless in this review out of respect of the great Darbar.
Simple Inexpensive Fare While less pretty than cousin Jaipur up the street, Darbar makes up for it with some excellent dishes not done as well by her more upscale cousin. Fish masala is an excellent example. Bread, rice, soup, raita, tamirind and potato cakes complemetary with dinner.
Here's the deal - I used to live in San Francisco, and my favorite Indian / Pakistani restaurant was named Darbar. So guess what I did when I moved to P.A.?  I found the local Indian restaurant and it just happened to be named the same (no relation.) Even if the restaurants aren't owned by the same guy/gal, there must be secrets they are sharing, because no one, and I mean NO ONE makes Indian food like restaurants named Darbar.  Go figure. If you're thinking about starting an Indian restaurant, don't even waste your time unless you're going to name it Darbar. Anyway, just so this review has something of substance rather than a load of crap-logic, the Palak paneer (called sarson ka saag at other indian restaurants) is heavenly.  Also, be sure to have some veggie samosas at the beginning of the meal.  Darbar is quick to bring them out piping hot so you can munch while you wait for your main courses to be prepared. Also, expect that you will go WAY over your caloric intake for the day.  I limit my Darbar to once a month.
Fast tasty food at good prices. And a good location that is not too close to the hustle and bustle of University. The lamb vindaloo here is spicy, and the meat is not gamey. The dal is a mix of both dark and light lentils, and is hearty and satisfying. The onion naan is full of chopped onion and served piping hot. The food here comes out very quickly, which is great! A must for dinner.
I think I like Darbar more than Marigold...and it seems a little less expensive though that could be my imagination. The palak paneer is especially tasty.  I also recommend the vindaloo.
Hands down this is the best Indian restaurant around.  Period. Here's why: 1. Simple and casual atmosphere 2. Friendly and attentive wait staff 3. Good beers 4. Amazing food Try this as your first order (based on a party of two...two...two mints in one): Starters: Vegetable Samosas Pakoras Dinner: Chicken Korma (it's ricoculous) Tandoori Chicken Beer: King Fishers (get the large ones) Warning:  You will be really full after your meal.  It's like the hurt you have after going to the gym...it hurts...but it's a good hurt.
My husband and I love this place. We usually get takeout because it's packed every night, and it's been fantastic every time. They have a large amount of Indian clientele, which I find very encouraging. Their vindaloo is hot! Really, really good too. I love spicy food and rarely find restaurants that make their spicy foods hot enough, but these guys don't mess around. The mushroom bahji used to be kicking hot too, but they've toned it down. Still tastes excellent. I'm vegetarian so love the huge range of options, including the classics like malai kofta and palak paneer. My husband loves their lamb and apparently the mixed grill is good enough to marry. We ate in for the first time a few of weeks ago and had a wonderful time. It wasn't super quick, but certainly not slow and they brought us a free appetizer while we waited. The water comes with no ice, which is apparently the way it's served in most parts of India, and I far prefer it. Their desserts are incredible and the mango lassi is delicious. They also have a good selection of Indian beers. Try the Flying Horse - it's excellent. The servers are quiet and subdued, but all friendly. No one's going introduce themselves to you or offer you food with "slam" in the title, so they suit us perfectly. It has a nice atmosphere and it's quiet enough so that you can chat comfortable, but I wouldn't call it a date plate - a little sparse maybe. Go there for fantastic food and good service.
$11 for the lunch buffet.  A little pricey but as with any buffet it's all you can eat, and the Naan is too!! The service here was great! The guy came to fill our water like 100 times, picked up our plates right when we were finished and gave us naan plenty of times (even though that part was a little slow each time). My favorite dishes were the chili chicken and the butter chicken.  Very flavorful and just the right amount of spiciness, not too overkill.  I had the lamb curry too, but it was just alright, nothing special. I wish they had dessert, after such a heavy meal, something sweet to top it off would have been nice.
This place is quite popular in PA, and the food is certainly worthwhile. We sampled the chef's selection and were not displeased. This place also offers import Indian beer for that true Bangalore Saturday night experience. The service, however, is lackluster. We showed up on a Saturday night, about 8, and the place was full, but not entirely that busy. Staff was completely at a loss for what to do. The queue was mismanaged, but taken care of quickly, so no one complained too loudly. Food orders were also screwed up (we ordered vegetarian dinner, but were served non-vegetarian) and that was a little annoying. Place looks clean enough, but I didn't visit the bath room facilities, so I can't speak to that.
One of the better Indian restaurants around. They serve up some killer fish tikka masala. Not only is it rich, spiced up, and tasty but also they give you big chunks of meat. At other Indian joints, when I order a dish, its like a liter of sauce with 2 pieces of like chicken. Dear God, it's like chicken was the garnish instead of the main course. Rice and naan are also solid sides. One little shitshow job that they do for take outs is putting liquids in the paper take-out boxes instead of a sealed container. So if you are "fast like a NASCAR," doing turns at 65, your car will permanently smell like Darbar.
1 star to start. Food (1 star): I really like the butter chicken here, it's not too sweet but is very creamy with just the right flavor.  The rice is also done very well (yeah I know, it's just rice), unlike some of the other Indian restaurants I've been to, and their samosas were a great appetizer.  They also gave us complimentary pakoras!  Finally, mango lassis were only average here. Service (0 stars): I didn't particularly care for the service as the servers were extremely quiet and nary spoke a word, but they got the job done and the food came out pretty quickly.  We had to ask for the check a few times and finally had to get it from the front-desk ourselves, as we were in a hurry that day. Value (1 star): We were able to use a B1G1 entree coupon (printed online) and this made it a great value if you keep in mind that entrees include naan, rice, and yogurt.  The portion sizes are huge here and even I couldn't finish my entree, which is very rare.  You will definitely be stuffed here and could probably share an entree if you're not a big eater. Experience (1 star): The interior has a not-so-subtle Indian theme as we were seated next to a stone elephant and a heavily-dressed folding door/partition.  The restaurant itself is very open but the noise level remained relatively low.  Even though we were in a rush, we still had an enjoyable meal and were pleasantly surprised by small things such as the complimentary appetizer. Overall: 1.0 - Baseline 1.0 - Food 0.0 - Service 1.0 - Value 1.0 - Experience ============= 4 stars
2 1/2 stars,  Lunch review. Although Darbar is no longer our lunch group's favorite Indian restaurant in this area (at the moment New Saffron is), we still come here from time to time, as we did today, for variety.  I find the food tasty, the spicy-hot level about right for my taste, the atmosphere pleasant, and the service excellent.   However, the selection of dishes isn't as large as it is for some other Indian restaurants.  Also, the tandoori chicken is consistently a little dry and overcooked, as if it was kept warm in an oven for a long period of time. Darbar is good but all four people in our group today thought it wasn't quite as good as one or more nearby Indian restaurants.
Compared to Spice Hut in Menlo Park, I'm guessing the food is not as authentic.  The curries are creamier and the spices are less.. complex.  Overall, I'd say it's Indian food done up for an American palate.  Still, as far as I'm concerned it's completely delicious. Whenever I go, I get myself a mango lassi (mmm, if you have not had one  of these drinks, you must try one!) and split the Chicken Vindaloo and the Chicken Korma family style with a friend.  The Vindaloo is a dark brown sauce that's very spicy; the Korma is a light yellowish sauce that's rich and creamy and completely delicious-- very similar to the Butter Chicken if you want to try a similar dish.  Make sure you get lots of naan to dip in the sauces, it's amazing!
If you like Indian food but generally find it to be too spicy, then you'll like this place.  They are very aware of their clientele and keep it on the low end of spicy.  The wait staff is also awesome about never letting your water glass get below half.  This isn't to say the food is bland, though I will agree with another commenter that the spices aren't as "complex" as other places. Love the lunch buffet!  Great selection and all of it is delicious.  Fantastic chicken tikka marsala, though it could be spicier.  Still my favorite thing from the buffet.  The rice was really delicious as well and went great with the sauce from the Marsala scooped onto a piece of naan. Service is fast so this is a great place for lunch.  Serve yourself and they keep the drinks flowing!  My lunch plate, mango lassi, and 20% tip cost me $17.50.  Not bad for what you get, not bad at all.
Been to India for extended stays, and I cook Indian food myself. I thought my chaana masala was pretty good, but Darbar's was amazing. I recommend that dish very highly. I went there for dinner, and I also got a mixed vegetable curry, which was very good. But the chaana masala was to die for. One main course per person should be enough food--each dish came with rice, naan, daal, and raita. If you realize this, it makes the whole experience quite a bit cheaper. The ambiance is casual but pleasant. It is a nice place for a date, but not the kind of place whose atmosphere would impress my parents. As a vegetarian, I appreciated that the menu includes many vegetarian dishes. Also, the menu includes vegetables vindaloo, which is an unusual dish that I would like to try in the future. I will definitely be coming back.
Darbar is one of my favorite Indian buffet restaurants. My co-workers and I frequent this place for lunch.  Although their prices are low, their food is fabulous.  My favorite is the butter chicken.  The food and service here is consistent.  They have a variety of choices, appropriate for both the vegetarians and their counter-parts. I also love that they keep the freshly baked nann coming, basket after basket. At about $10 a person after tax and tip, you can't go wrong here! Minus one star for the long wait (especially for bigger parties) and the feeling of being rushed while eating.
Thank goodness for the yogurt that comes with the entrees.  So, I'm a really big wimp about spicy foods.  Like, really big.  I try not to be, but my reflexes kick in, my nose starts running, my eyes start watering, I'm all afire, and people start making fun of me.  But for some reason, I find myself eating Indian food all the time... We started off with some fried potato things that came on the house (returned order? who cares, free food!) and they were crunchy and yummy and a hint of things to come.  We order samosas, and they were huge!  Seriously, the size of my fist.  And tasty. The dude with the water pitcher was on top of his game.  Every time my glass dipped below half-empty, he was right there filling it up.  Which was good, because I was taking a sip every other bite to cool down my mouth. I ordered the chicken tikki masala, which was mild (spicy-wise) and flavorful and yummy yummy yummy.  I never quite know what to do with the rice and naan and extra stuff.  This time, I mixed the chicken, sauce, and lentils into the rice, and then swished the naan around in sauce.  No matter which way I smash everything together, though, it all tasted delicious. My roommate got the chicken vindaloo, which was super spicy.  Just smelling it made my moth burn a little.  Neither of us finished our entrees (more for later!), but I feel like hers may have something to do with it being to spicy to have all at once. And, to top it all off, we had a buy one get one entree free coupon, sweet!
Not a fan.  Been here twice, once for lunch and once for dinner. Lunch: Only buffet, no a la carte option.  There was rice, marsala, vegetable chow mein, tandoori chicken, and lots of others that I can't remember the names of.  The lamb was overcooked but every chicken dish was done well.  The sauces tasted somewhat bland.  The tandoori chicken was yellow, which is fine, but it wasn't flavorful. There are two desserts, a rice pudding and a breaded bread pudding ball covered in sweet sauce thing.  The rice pudding wasn't good by any means, but it was easy to eat and I had more than one bowl of it.  I didn't like the breaded bread pudding ball thing but my dining partner did. We ordered mango lassi's and they were thick.  I didn't like mine that much, but it wasn't bad.  I think they were $4 each which makes it not worth it. My water glass was empty more than half of the time and since Indian food gets spicy as you eat more of it, not having water was a real downer on my meal. The bill total was $28 which included the two drinks and two buffets. Dinner: I had the tandoori chicken and my dad had the vegetarian thali.  My chicken was not tender or moist.  It was kinda dry and not flavorful.  The vegetarian thali was much better received.  I tried one of the dishes on his plate and it was really good. The nan bread is really fluffy, but has no flavor.  I suppose that's the point of the bread, since you're meant to put something on it.  But I like to eat my nan bread plain, which I can do at other restaurants. The dinner service was eh.  I ordered a mango lassi, never got it, and saw it on the bill.
I think this place is great.  I've gotten take-out twice and dined in the restaurant twice (once on a Friday evening, once on a Saturday night). I think their food is really good....who wouldn't like dipping naan bread in delectable sauces?  I also liked the free potato thing they gave us while waiting for our dinner.  I also think the prices are pretty decent - certainly more realisitic than Rotee in Burlingame. Some favorites: naan (of course), vegetable samosa, chicken tikka masala, mango juice, mango lassi, and the potato/onion fritter thing.  I've had more dishes than that, but I don't know what they were, which leads me to why I knocked off a star. I swear, we ordered chicken tikka masala and butter chicken and they were EXACTLY THE SAME.  I don't know if they are supposed to be, but they were.  We could detect no difference between the two, which makes me wonder if they just served two chicken tikka masalas without admitting it.  Also, one time I did take out, I ordered something and got something else.  Maybe they thought I wouldn't notice, since I had ordered so much, but I really wanted my mushroom bahjee (sp?) and it wasn't there. But really, no biggie.  I think it's a great bang for your buck.
This place is pretty good! It's not the best Indian food I've had in the Stanford area, but the price is pretty decent and the portion sizes are good. For Indian restaurants in the US, Darbar is in the middle on the authenticity scale. There's a good amount of creamy thickness I'm not that used to in the curries, but that's definitely not a bad thing. The naan is also a bit dense, but still warm and toasty--which is especially nice on a cold night! If you're looking for Indian food that has good quantities and tastes a whole lot better than the immaculately cheap Tandoori Oven, this is a good choice c: Like Tandoori Oven, you won't burn yourself to death with the spices here... the curries are pretty mild and flavorful. You won't feel like you're transported to a legit restaurant in India here, but you might feel like you're watching an India food documentary in IMAX :P
Expectations were high and they were not met. I use Grand Indian Buffet on Lawrence as my benchmark Indian buffet and Darbar fell short on selection as well as quality while being a couple bucks more expensive. One rule of thumb is that when you go out for ethnic food, look for members of the ethnicity or nationality to be at the restaurant. Good Mexican will have Mexicans there. Good Chinese, Chinese. Good Indian, you got it, Indians will eat there. Here? Lots of white folks and some token asians. Maybe the fact that it was a holiday season Friday lunch skewed the demographics, maybe not. The curries and chicken tikka masa were good, but nothing beyond what you could get for less at Grand Indian. Biggest problem was that the Tandori Chicken (yellow, not red for whatever that is worth) was pink and raw inside. Ok, shit happens. The thing that bothered me was that the hostess that I told about this did not seem to give a shit about food safety and viewed serving raw on the inside chicken on a buffet line as a non-issue. I realize that it is easy to get siloed and compartmentalized but for fucks sake the person running the front of the restaurant should at least pretend to give a shit about food safety. 2.5 stars rounded up to 3
I used to go here when I was a grad student at Stanford. This was the first Indian restaurant I went to outside India so I was pleasantly surprised. They used to have coupons in the unofficial Stanford guide for 1+1 free entree, that made it possible to go there as a underpaid overworked grad student. I loved most of their vegetarian entrees and the service was pretty good
Indian buffet for $12! My 3 stars is solely based on their lunch buffet offering.  Seems popular with the Stanford crowd and gets crowded toward the later end of the 12-1p lunch time.  Fresh naan for the table (wish it was garlic, maybe can try asking next time?).  Good spread of traditional offerings like chicken tikka masala and beef vindaloo.  Some of the sauces were a little more watered down and gentle on flavor than my personal preference. Not the best indian food, but at $12 for a speedy all you can eat - I'll be back (though my waistline may regret it....)
Very disappointing. We went for dinner and ordered the Tandoori Grill which included prawns, chicken, and lamb. There was very little flavor, as though someone forgot to spice the food. The prawns were tasty, but the chicken was incredibly dry--like eating jerky. All of the food was very bland--in fact, the woman at the table next to mine was raising quite the ruckus with the staff because the food had "no spice." The decor is hideous and the lights kept flickering.  We did not receive additional naan as other reviewers stated they did. Perhaps the lunch buffet is better, but I will not be going back.
Lunch all you can eat =excellent I hope they will serve more dessert.
If good, tasty butter chicken is what you're looking for, look no further than this place. Because it gets so busy on Friday nights, my boyfriend and I usually order in.  The great thing about Darbar and the pick-up is that they don't have your food pre-packaged sitting on the counter. They have it in the back where they keep it warm for you until you ask for it. Aside from the butter chicken (which is one of the BEST I have tried), I also enjoy their lamb or chicken vindaloo (very spicy). Sometimes when you order it they warn you, "this is a very spicy dish." Much appreciated, but the heat is worth the taste. They also have a really good and mild chicken tikka masala that is a good starter for someone who is new to Indian cuisine. Their servings are quite good, in the restaurant and the take-away. If you order 2 entrees, they include a carton of basmati rice, four pieces of naan, and some yogurt and lentils with your order. Whenever I crave Indian food, this is my first choice.
Definitely enjoyed the food here- great aloo gobhi, ok palak paneer.  We made the mistake of ordering mango lassis AND a dosa AND an entree which left me too full to take a second bite of my entree.  2nd time better with waters and an entree.  Good atmosphere - seems a bit collegy but what do you expect. Update - went there for lunch buffet.  Everything was great and even if you had the smallest portion of each - you would be STUFFED.  Seemed like the most variety I've had.  I only wish they had a paneer dish as well.
This place has the best Indian food I've ever had, let alone in Palo Alto. The fact that it's also relatively inexpensive makes it even better. A word of warning: Don't eat here for lunch unless your company will allow you a nap afterward. You will eat until you can't eat anymore and walking back to your office will be a rather lethargic experience. Update (08 October 2007) : A much bigger word of warning: I have no idea why, but this stuff kept me chained to the bathroom for six hours after I ate it the last time and left me with three hours of sleep before work. Don't eat this stuff before you go to bed.
It's really more like 3.5 stars. We ordered from here for lunch for our office last Friday.  It was good.   But, not GREAT!  The garlic naan wasn't as good as I have had before.  The other dishes were, again, good...but I have to say that I have had WONDERFUL Indian food before and this just didn't impress me as much. I definitely would go back.  Maybe I will change my mind next time.  We will most likely order from them again.  I will make sure we order different items next time so we can try all the flavors of Darbar. :)
Food is pretty good, though I mostly eat just vegetarian dishes these days. I come here for lunch buffet almost once a week, and it's consistently pretty good. I read very old reviews about some flies in the past, I don't know, I come here for over a year now and never seen anything like that. Unlike some other places, this one seems pretty clean (can't vouch for the kitchen, as I haven't been there, ha!)
This was some of the best Indian food I've ever had. The spices were subtle but well done. The lamb was delicious. The nan was moist and good. Each dish is about $14 (with nan, rice, dal, etc), so bring a wallet - but I'd do it again because it was amazingly tasty.
This place is the standard by which I compare all Indian places in the area. Definitely a student favorite here at Stanford, with the 2 for 1 coupons. Everything is pretty good, but in particular I always get the garlic naan and mango lassi. Definitely helps cool the bonfire in my mouth, since for some reason I always insist on out-spicing the people I'm with and getting my food extra-spicy.
You just can't go wrong here. It's cheap, good and they're very serious about making sure your water glass is full at all times. You will never go thirsty, I promise! I've only been here for dinner, so I can't comment on the buffet, but dinner has always been consistent. I really like their dosa and butter chicken!
I should start this review by saying that I might not be going here much more.  After three years of enjoying half-price Darbar courtesy of the 2-for-1 entree coupons in the Stanford Directory and Unofficial Guide, it's going to be difficult to face higher prices now that they have switched their coupons to buy one entree get the second half off.  Don't get me wrong, I really enjoy the food, but not as much as I enjoy getting stuffed on delicious chicken tikka masala and lamb vindaloo for less than $10.  That said, on with the review! Darbar is located conveniently near the Stanford campus and thankful off of University which makes parking and getting there much more pleasant.  It is not a small place, but it is quite popular and there is often a wait for a table during peak dinner hours. While waiting for your food, you will receive a complementary piece of fried potato with two varieties of chutney.  I have no idea what this is called and it isn't particularly delicious, but it's free and keeps you busy and your appetite whetted while you await your meal. When I order an appetizer, it is the vegetable samosas ($4 for two).  These plump, crispy shells stuffed with spiced potatoes and peas are a real treat, and come with two dipping chutneys.  The samosas are one of the finest aspects of the meal. The naan, provided with the entrees, is usually very good - sometimes it's a bit doughy for my tastes since I prefer my naan thin and slightly crispy, but it is delivered hot, fresh, and in copious amounts. When I can only order one thing in any Indian restaurant, it is chicken tikka masala, and Darbar does a very nice job with this standby ($12.95).  The white meat chicken is of the highest quality and the sauce is moderately spicy and very flavorful, providing a perfect dipping sauce for naan. My second favorite dish at Darbar is the lamb vindaloo ($13.95). The chunks of marinated lamb are usually very tender, and the thick, chunky sauce is very hot - just the way I like it! Other dishes: The mixed grill ($15.95) is advertised as "assorted meats (lamb, chicken, and prawns) cooked in Tandoor with onions and bell peppers.  Don't get your hopes up about the prawns - the dish only includes two tiny ones that aren't very good.  The lamb comes as a sausage which was not a particularly pleasant surprise - the texture was rather unusual.  The chicken in this dish is fine, but why not just get the tandoori chicken? Chicken korma ($12.95) is not my favorite dish in general, and Darbar's rendition did nothing to change my mind.  The cream sauce lacked flavor and the quality of the chicken was not as good as that served in the tikka masala. Chicken do piayza ($12.95) is a nice change from the typically very saucy dishes served at Darbar - it is cooked with bell peppers and onions and is lightly spiced.  Not as flavorful as the other dishes, and provides nothing to dip your naan in, but a decent change of pace. I don't usually order vegetarian dishes, but when I am with people who do, I usually choose aloo gobhi ($10.95).  You can't really go wrong with cauliflower and potatoes in a thick spicy sauce - this is a safe dish. Overall, I love Darbar as much for the great coupons and wonderful times I've had there as for the food itself.  The portions are delightfully large, the service friendly and attentive, and the ambiance very pleasant.  Get your hands on a coupon, even if it is only half off the second entree, and give this place a try.
All I have to say about this restaurant is, the butter chicken or the set dinner. That's it. I didn't think Indian food was this tasty, but this restaurant changed my perspective about southern central Asian food. SOOOOOO GOOD! Another Plus about this restaurant is: FREE NAN AND RICE + DRINK. I know that if I brought the Buy one entree, get the second one 50% off coupon, the dinner would've been worth it. next time I am trying the lunch buffet.
YUM!  Reasonably priced, yummy Indian food in PA. Favorites: Chana Masala, Chicken Tikka Masala & Vegetarian Somosas.
First of all, I am all about the food. I am not nit-picky about the service and everything else associated with how a restaurant is run. If the food is good I won't hesitate giving the joint a 4 or 5 even with shitty service. So I went to this place last night. I ordered Palak Paneer (spinach/cheese dish) and Lamb Tika Masala. I thought it was okay at best, it could have been more flavorful in my opinion (both dishes). I liked how they included Nan and rice with the Lamb dish. I also liked how they gave a potato appetizer on the house while we waited for our meal I thought it was a bit pricy. On another note, it was very noisy since it was packed on a Saturday night (I had to almost yell so the person I was with could hear me!). Would  I recommend this place to a friend?  Probably not. There are better out there.
BEST INDIAN FOOD IN PALO ALTO! lunch buffet is amazing! i recommend chicken tikka masala, lamb sag, burgan burta, sag paneer, samosas.
A very yummy Indian buffet. My favorite part is that the food is spicy - which is great if you like spicy food. The tandoori and butter chicken are yummy and even the dessert is good. Dessert at Indian buffets can be hit or miss. What a great treat for the price.
Update: So I went there again, with the same person I went with, but the food wasn't as good this time.  The chicken was a bit dry, and my friend thought the food was a bit bland.  But then we did go 45 minutes before they closed.  Maybe they were tired? Running out of food? Beats me.  But at the same time, they did give us these complimentary fried potato pieces with sauce that was really fresh and good.   And the waiter was a lot nicer and attentive than before.  So I guess the stars even out. ______________________________________________________ Pretty good food and nice service.  There The only downside was all the waiting we had to do.  was a lot of people considering it was sunday.  We had to wait 20 minutes to get seated and a little over 30 minutes to get food.  Still, they give you a lot of food and really yummy nan.  I'd say it's pretty good for their price.
Update: I've had plenty of good visits here, but unfortunately both my boyfriend and I got pretty sick with food poisoning after dinner here last night.   We're 99% sure it was the butter chicken we split - we both got sick (the bf more than me), although no one else in our group did, and it was the only food the two of us had shared recently. Sadface.  :(
My favorite place in the area for reasonably priced Indian food.   Their lunch buffet is awesome -... Read more 
The Aloo Gobhi (Fresh cauliflower and potatoes cooked with herbs and spices) was amazing! BUT we live like 3 min from that restaurant and we ordered here the 3rd time. I always have the Aloo Gobhi and my husband always has the buttered chicken NOT spicy for take out. Every time it was super spicy. The last 2 times we extra ordered NOOOT spicy and they said ok but again it was super spicy so we called and complained this time. They're not good with complaints at all. The lady just said they can't make it not spicy/mild. We asked her why she never tells us on the phone when we order it not spicy!?! But no answer just that they can't make it mild. Not cool! No money back no "I'm sorry". That was the last time we ordered here! Although my food was very good. The prices are ok but not the cheapest.
I went here with a group of friends for dinner and the food was very good.  My experience with Indian food is limited, but even I could tell that it was prepared well.  I had the Chicken Tikka Masala and I highly recommend this dish, especially to people not as familiar with Indian cuisine. While the food was excellent, I have mixed feelings about the service. The wait staff was attentive, but lacking in social graces and politeness.  Our water glasses were constantly being refilled, which is nice but also very distracting when trying to carry on a conversation. We also had to ask twice for one of our drinks. Overall, it was a good experience and will definitely come back again.
Have come for the lunch buffet a couple of times, and there's always a good selection of meat and veg options. Two different kinds of pakora for people like me who can't turn down anything that's been battered and deep fried. :P Their naan is also very light and crisp and brought to the table, which I appreciate. The only annoyance was having to constantly swat away flies, as they tend to leave the front door open.
One of my favorite Indian buffets, and my definitely my favorite in Palo Alto:  great for a quick lunch, they can often accommodate larger groups, and the service is always speedy and top notch (except for that one time they just ran completely out of naan).  I've been waylayed on the way to lunch many a time by the smell of Darbar, and found myself enjoying their buffet yet again. Like any good buffet, Darbar also changes up their selections from time to time, and though they've got their staples, they also mix it up;  My favorite is when they roll out the vindaloo:  it's the spiciest thing I've had in Palo Alto.
Darbar gets three stars based solely on the Vindaloo, which is great.  Other than that, I've tried a number of the other dishes and they've always come up short.  The non-Vindaloo curries are just kind of bland, and their attempt at a dosa was really poor. But get the vindaloo.  It is plenty spicy and very complex.
The Background: Great food and incredibly quick service, Darbar is the model for other Indian Buffets.  While not the largest selection in the world, it's definitely large enough to satisfy, though I wish they would bring back chicken curry instead of lamb curry as part of their buffet. The Positives: The food is fantastic with a wide selection of curry's and non curry's to choose from.  I'd personally recommend the butter chicken and the curry chicken as the flavor on them are so delicious that you'll walk out of there stuffed.  Additionally, the waiters are incredibly fast in refilling water and clearing off used plates.  The place is also fairly large but gets packed during lunch hour. The Negatives: No free chai.
Fantastic Chicken Tikka Masala, very flavorful. Had the takeout, and everything you need is included, no need to order Nan and Rice separately.  All the sauces and goodies are included as well. Prices are fair; I'm very pleased with Darbar.
Pluses: Authentic Indian cuisine. Steal with the coupon. Free "appetizer". Great service. The chefs are Indian, so they know their food. The Stanford Directory gives out "buy one get one free" coupons so you can come with a friend and split the cost of ONE plate even though you get two! I've gone twice and taken a complete meal home both times because there was so much food. Also, they give you a yummy piece of potato patty as a starter for free! I'm a fan of their: Chicken Tikka Masala (although the first time I tried it, the chicken was a little dry), Chicken Curry, and Mango Lasse (smoothy-yogurt drink). I ordered spinach one time and was not a fan.. P.S. It's right across the street from the Palo Alto Caltrain Station, so it's super convenient for frequent public transporters!
close to Stanford Campus and they deliver for free. food is just like any regular north Indian selection. Nothing unique.
This place is a bit over priced.  The atmosphere was decent, and the food was a little bit better than your average restaurant, but the price was about DOUBLE what it should've been.  A dinner for two came to about $50 (with tax and tip)! Their Malai Kofta was delightful.  They provided two larger-than-average balls which were very soft and moist.  The gravy was well seasoned and not overly creamy, and the almond slivers and currants provided a nice accent to the dish. They provided ample portions of naan and rice with the meal (it better not have been extra at those prices).
Darbar is usually bustling when I stop by probably because it is one of the more reasonably priced Indian restaurant in downtown Palo Alto. The service is quick and friendly. A take-out order usually takes around 20 minutes. It is less than a block from the Caltrain station so convenient if you want to catch a bite nearby. Entrees range from $10-15. I love cheese so I always order the paneer dishes such as mattar paneer, palak paneer, and shani paneer (~$11). All entrees come with rice, naan, and lentils. As for appetizers, I decided to try recently the paneer pakora (cheese fritters) but they were a bit too heavy, oily, and bland. The masala dosa - crisp pancakes stuffed with spicy mashed potatoes - is worth a try though (~$6).
This was my first time eating here, we ordered takeout. The food was fairly good but there's one thing that I would like to say to the owners: Please, DON'T use chinese food containers. This food is very liquid due to your sauces and it all leaked inside the plastic bag on our way home. Please, use another type of container. Other than that. Food was good.
I've eaten dinner at Darbar's many, many times and we love it. Tonight we got the Palak Paneer, Buttered Chicken, Malai Kofta, Chana Marsala, Alu Gobi.  All of them were delicious.  One other note: the Lamb Vindaloo is actually really hot, it made us cry.
This is for the Lunch Buffet only which as of this review is $10.95 I'm going to be brutally honest. I've been to a lot of Indian buffets and this is only what I'd call above-average. There's pros and cons: Pros: 1) Good service. Water was always filled, Naan was always put on your table quickly when asked for more and every person on staff was attentive. 2) The meat dishes were mostly pretty tasty. Fish pakora, Chicken Vindaloo, Chili Chicken and Lamb Vindaloo were tastier than what you'd get at another buffet. 3) Every dish was well heated, and the variety of dishes was acceptable. Cons: 1) They only serve one kind of rice which is yellow and kind of dry. A good Indian buffet would serve a white rice and a biryani. They need to improve their rice or add a biryani. 2) The Chicken dishes were not prepared with enough care. They put BIG chunks of white meat chicken in the hotpots. They need to cut it into bite sized cubes. 3) The Chicken Tikka Masala, which most non-Indians love, was pretty bland. I found myself putting salt on it, which I usually never do. 4) Saag was also quite bland as well as the potato dishes. 5) Naan was a bit on the "been sitting out for a while but put on under a hot lamp" side even though its put in a basket on your table. Overall, better food than you'd find at a place like say, Suraj in Redwood City or Peacock in Mountain View, but having major dishes be on the bland side as well as not offering better quality rice and naan makes this a place you can't really recommend but not really hate either. Keep heading south and you'll find better buffets for the same price.
If you are interested in ensuring your entire afternoon is unproductive, eat your lunch here. The buffet is delicious, and a deal for good Indian food! It's hard to stop eating (and it takes me a while to!). You will inevitably lapse into a food coma and be completely unable to do any sort of work afterward. You have been warned. I've been here for dinner too, and it's a little more expensive. Save your bucks, go for lunch, and bring a pillow to work that day.
Well, people seem to love this place. For me, it's advantage is that it's close to home but I don't find it outstanding. In fact, it's hit/miss. Tonight, my masala dosa was rubbery/cold, my iced tea tasted like Desitin diaper rash ointment and my benghan bhartha was inedibly spicy. However, last time I went the dosa was outstanding. The naan is pretty consistently good: hot and crisp with a little chew. Unfortunately,  I try to avoid using the bathroom in many restaurants because I feel like once I see the condition they are in, I have a hard time going back. I absolutely HAD to go tonight and while the bathroom was in relatively good shape with walls the color of a bag of Big League Chew-  and I realized there is only one thing worse than seeing a nasty restaurant bathroom and that is walking past a foul kitchen. The walls looked like someone had violently struck a Taj Mahal-shaped pinata full of hot brown curry. I am so creeped out, I am not sure I want to go back again. Shudder...
Seems to get quite a large stanford crowd.  i thought it was a little pricey, but it's 8/10 on taste.  The naan was really good (not that naan should be a way to label an indian restaurant, it was just so warm and soft that i had to mention it.) Really great spices, very hot, but not so much you notice it, it's just that your nose is constantly running ;)
This is my favorite place to go for Indian food in Palo Alto. The lunch buffet is great (many many options to choose from) and the dinner entrees are great as well. Got vindaloo (lamb for me, chicken for my friend) the last time I went. He was quite impressed with the spicyness of the vindaloo and it definitely had me reaching for my mango lassi on more than one occasion. There's a good amount of seating so the restaurant can handle groups. Be aware that on some nights they close at 9:30 while on others it's at 10 pm.
Darbar has some really great Indian food. The ambiance there seems very authentic as well. Their service is near exceptional. I like how their menu tends to break down cuisine by the different cultural areas of India. Not a whole lot to say - it's good Indian food! Pretty popular place.
I go often. I like it always.
Frankly, I didn't have high expectations from this place when I entered into this tiny room, but they just proved me wrong!! They have complimentary aloo bhajias instead of the usual papads. We ordered assorted pakoras ( very very nice), Shani Paneer (quite different and refreshing from the regular creamy gravy ) , malai kofta (also different with a mild coconut-cream based gravey yumm) and nans (very soft and fresh). All curries are served with nan and rice n the helping is very generous. I really enjoyed the experience, the service was prompt , the only bad part is finding parking but that goes for any place in Palo Alto downtown.
Great place. The food is very tasty and the service is good and attentive. Plenty of veggie dishes and they all taste fantastic (we tried every one of those).
Make sure you ask for and check the itemized receipt for take out orders. I ordered for a group of co-workers. The itemized receipt has the charges listed as I would expect, but the total is mysteriously $8 more.
Darbar is a place where Stanford students are guaranteed to see people they know.  It's also a popular choice for group events like hall dinners, since - having been to a hall dinner and also having organized a birthday dinner there - the management is very good at arranging that one long table. I was here most recently on a Saturday night with three friends, and there were plenty of empty tables when we arrived around 6pm.  Given that we were pretty hungry, we decided to share four dishes: chicken tikka masala, chicken sagwala, mattar paneer, and channa masala.  One friend and I had mango lassi, which arrived along with the complimentary appetizer of some fried potato slices with two chutneys.  Who doesn't like fried potatoes?  Anyway, our main dishes were served relatively quickly alongside individual ramekins of raita and dal.  After another minute or two, rice and naan were set down, and we dug in. The food isn't as nuanced or as refined as that of Amber India, but it's still pretty good.  I think our four dishes were different enough to provide some contrasts within the meal.  The basket of naan was pretty big, and I felt like there was just enough rice (two dishes for the four of us).  We all ate heartily - borderline too heartily, as is a frequent tendency with Indian food - and still had some leftovers.  The total bill, including a generous tip, broke down to less than $20 per person.
A little on the pricey side for the Indian lunch buffet I'm normally used to, but the flavors more than made up for it. Tons of variety and an excellent mix of vegetarian and carnivore options. The chicken tikka marsala did not fail to please! A couple of my colleagues had been up late pulling a near-all-nighter, so this lunch spot was their choice. Wouldn't have tried it without them as it is one street over from the beaten path of University. I'll have to order take out at some point!
The food is good, but I have to echo a few other posts.  The staff there is really off.  Almost like its run by zombies, plenty of people walking past but getting their attention to order a  diet coke is more challenging than swimming the Ganges up stream.
Our weekly guys lunch out brought us here...to the buffet. I am really into Butter chicken, but I thought while the sauce was good, the chicken itself tasted a bit old, which is saying something cos it's already steeped in heavy sauce. The Spinach was really great, about the spiciest I've had. The lamb was too lamb tasting and tough. There are 3 other chicken dishes which is a LOT for a buffet (chili chicken, chicken tandoor, and one other one). I applied a ladle to the chili chicken and it seemed lifeless. For dessert,  those sweet balls were the best I've had. The Kheer dessert was mediocre, but the range of good and bad ain't that large anyways. $10 is a wee pricey considering no free mango ice cream or beer, like Suraj in Redwood city. However, the food is inducing a pleasant dream-like state now, so my pillow beckons.
While I'm not an expert on Indian cuisine, I absolutely love Darbar! I like to enjoy the meal with a large Flying Horse beer.  The beef samosa's are really good, and a perfect way to start the meal.  My favorite is the Chicken Vindaloo...it's smoky and spicy and just makes my mouth water.  Add to it the Garlic Nan and I'm one happy customer.  I've tried the Palak Paneer and the Chicken Curry.  Both decent, but nothing to write home about. The service is pretty good...the one thing they could work on is rushing you to order.  As much as I'd love to skip right to the food, I'd appreciate a few minutes looking over the menu! Darbar has done a wonderful thing and made me love Indian food!  I'll be coming back for sure.
Darbar is one of the many unspectacular Indian restaurants in Palo Alto.  The food is flavorful, but not spiced correctly.  The sauces are either a little on the watery side or overladen with milk fat if the dish is cream based.  I find the food to be fairly bland for Indian food. The restaurant is not very clean.  The floors are a little sticky.  My water glasses are always a little on the cloudy side.  On the plus side, the table cloths are always clean. The food is about average for an Indian restaurant.  But, I think it is overpriced for what it is.  I think better food can be had for the same price. The most busy time is the lunch buffet.  There is usually a good variety of dishes and it is usually replenished regularly.  But, at the end, the food might be a little dried out. This place is a big hit among Stanford students.  But, not really a place for refined eating.  If you really enjoy Indian food, I think you might be disappointed.
2.5 stars. We were walking up to the restaurant, about a block away, and started to smell Indian food. In the south bay, you don't really get concerned when you smell Indian food out of nowhere, so it didn't really register until much later. In retrospect, we were headed to the source. Darbar is definitely popular; there were people standing outside waiting to get in. Or maybe it's because you're inundated by the smell of Indian food when you open the door. Seriously, it's like a thick fog descends and you can no longer trust your sense of smell because it's being overloaded by curry. That smell, though nice when you're hungry and walking in, stays with you throughout the night and next day. I had to shower and burn (okay wash!) my clothes before I rid myself of it. The food is mediocre. I'd say it's more Americanized Indian food than what's served in most of the bay. The food all tastes pretty good, but the kitchen staff are heavy handed with the cream. The Shahi Paneer (the sauce is quite similar to tikka masala or butter sauce) was good, but very creamy. The naan wasn't good; it was spongy and chewy. My friends had the thalis and seemed to like them. I'd say the worst part of the meal was ordering Paneer Pakodas for an appetizer, getting the normal pakodas delivered, and then having the server come back to us three different times to tell us we ordered onion pakodas. That's just silly service. I'm sure there's better Indian in PA, but I haven't been there yet. So, try this place or wait for me to review more PA restaurants. Don't worry, they're on my list!
By far some of the best Indian food I've had, although perhaps that's not saying much since I am originally from Raleigh, NC.  I order the butter chicken and I'm addicted.  It's not greasy, which is good. Each meal comes with unlimited rice and naan which is so soft and pillowy and warm.  I love naan and theirs has been good all the times I've gone.  The mango lassi is delicious and a special treat.  It is fairly heavy so splitting it might be a good idea. One sad thing are the samoas - mostly potatoes, they're really heavy, although the spicy sauce that comes with it is yummy.  I wish there was a better variety of vegetables in my favorite appetizer.
The food is not worth the price, but the location is convenient. It's basically standard Americanized-Indian food that's heavy on cream. If you find the buy one get one free coupon they often have, this place is a pretty good deal. But I wouldn't pay $12 for average saag paneer that I can get at Chaat Paradise for cheaper and tastier. This is one of the only places that serves beef samosas. I've traveled throughout fremont and sunnyvale looking for chicken or beef samosas for a friend, but every other place only serves lamb or vegetarian.
I love going here for the $10 lunch buffet!  On Fridays, get there before noon otherwise you will wait in line.  On a Tuesday we got there around 11:45 and noone was there, first in line to hot Indian food :) The portions for dinner are good too and reasonably priced.  Service is good as well.
I love Darbar, especially with the Stanford "Buy 1 Get 1 Entree Free" coupon.  Their samosas are excellent, almost as good as the ones from Janta down the street.  Service has also generally been good.  Always reliable for Indian food. *** update 3/11/08 *** I have to take off 1 star because I was here this past Friday, and the gnat situation has gotten a little out of control.  Food and taste is still great, but my party and I had to fight of the gnats.  I think it was particularly bad because we were seated in the back, which is a bit darker than the rest of the restaurant, and apparently a haven for gnats.  I will still come back, but I will definitely ask to be seated in the front of the restaurant where I won't be pestered.
I was working in PA today. And, I had a little time to kill so i thought I would stuff my face with an Indian buffet. Something I like to do now and again. Now, my standby in the city is the Clay Oven on Clement Street. So, this had some living up to do. Well, I was not disappointed. The buffet was diverse, hot and Delicious. Some nut on Yelp made a comment about not liking the vindaloo! Lunacy I say! It was spicy and rich. And, there were several veggie options. Also, the service was fantastic. Every time I turned around someone was filling my water glass and swooping away my used plate for my second and then third trip to the buffet. Can't wait to return! I, obviously, can't comment on their dinner service.
Darbar is consistently delicious! Their vegetable samosas are amazing, as well as their butter chicken! I also love that an entry comes with rice, naan, and two sauces! I love the yogurty sauce and usually dip my naan in that. They're super nice and are amazing. My friends and I frequent Darbar whenever we have the chance!!!
I really wanted to give Darbar 4 stars because the food was good, reasonably priced, and the entrees come with a ton of naan and rice, but I just can't get over the 3-star hump to 4. The entrees were pretty good, not great, and definitely missing some of the flavor of other Indian restaurants. I also thought you didn't get enough of the main part of the entree (chicken, lamb, paneer, etc.) and mostly got sauce. The service was also good, not great. Although the wait staff was attentive, it took a really long time between the veggie samosas appetizer and the main dishes to arrive. On a Friday night, this place had a line out the door and I was glad we had reservations. It's a small restaurant and was really sort of loud. And the lights flickered about every 3 and 1/2 minutes which was truly annoying. All in all, I would go to Darbar again, but wouldn't go out of my way to get there.
Absolutely solid. We've done the lunch buffet several times, which is great.  You get a good selection of their basics, and get to just stuff your face until the point of almost puking... Ahhhh what life is all about.  Granted, you end up leaving the place smelling like a bowl of curry, but what the hell! The takeout is perfect for a night of just lounging at home and having some really good indian food.  The portions are good, they always have your food hot and ready to go.  Never been disappointed here! The chicken naan is probably an americanized version of naan, and no self respecting Indian would eat it... but I would love to make a blanket out of it, and sleep under it every night. The chicken tikka masala is amazing as well... great for mopping up with their regular naan.
Been here a couple of times with friends (groups of 5+) and it's always been a pretty good experience.  The food isn't spectacular, but it's good, and the service is actually better than I expected. I've tried the lamb curry, chicken tikka masala, navratan korma, both samosas, and a few other dishes.  One dish I regret not yet trying is the (dry) chicken tikka.  It came out from the kitchen intended for another table smelling up the entire room.  Want, want! Water glasses were refilled before asking, which I always feel is important when eating spicy food.  Also, they were very accommodating to our group, seating 1/2 of us before the rest arrive (approx 15min later).  That's something important to me because there are so many restaurants that are so money-hungry that they make you stand out in the rain until your entire party has arrived.  Not at Darbar.  Props to them! Also, I think this is the first Indian restaurant where I've had beef samosas.  It seemed almost like a culturally taboo dish, but it was yumz!
Gosh, what would I do without these coupons? After hearing rave reviews from previous undergrads, we decided to try this restaurant on a whim. Believe it or not, I wasn't a big fan of Indian food until I tried Darbar.  Their curries and naan are so delicious and the spices aren't overwhelming,  i.e. not to the point where you would ask the server for more milk/water (my experience at other Indian restaurants). Though I am not Indian, I would have to say [I think] their food is very AUTHENTIC. We absolutely loved the fish curry and my personal favorite were the lamb curry and the butter chicken.  The Stanford coupons were a deal, buy one entree and get the other free (I believe you can use two coupons max).  So the bill came out like $30ish for four dishes; not bad for a debt-ridden grad student. Now, if only I can find more of these coupons laying around.... =)
Very solid Indian.  Maybe 3.5 stars.  I'm tempted to give them four stars, but it seems difficult to mess up Indian food with all those spices and this place hasn't really set itself apart from the few other Indian places in Palo Alto. Overall very "good" and I'd probably come back, but nothing that wowed me.
Omg! Omg! Darbar! You are so delicious! Darbar probably has one of the most flavorful chicken tikka masalas that I've had. So we usually go here and order vegetable samosas, chicken tikka masala which comes with rice and a plain naan, then we add on an onion naan. Everything about this place is awesome and it's a close distance from my office so we walk here after work for dinner a lot. The only little minor issue is they don't have the correct tamarind sauce to go with their samosa. However we recently discovered we could get a side order of mango chutney and that goes with the samosas pretty well. Definitely try this place out if you haven't! It's on the lower priced side for Palo Alto indian restaurants and is DELICIOUS!
I love Darbar. And since I am such a picky eater, that is say ingA LOT. I tend to get their butter chicken or chicken curry. Both great. I think they have the best naan I have ever eaten at an Indian restaurant. Their lunch buffet is pretty good...a bit pricy, but hey, I'm from the South where everything is cheaper. Their vegetable and beef samosas are both good. Their buy one get one free entree coupons are spectacular. Try it!
Before trying this place out a couple of weeks ago, I made sure to see what my fellow Yelpers had to say about it; the very first thing I saw was BUGS BUGS BUGS.  I have to admit, I was a little alarmed, but I just shrugged it off and declared that person's experience an isolated incident.  Then I read another review that talked about little flies, which raised another red flag, but the rest of the reviews did not have this complaint, so I chalked that up to another isolated incident. Well, I am here to report a third isolated incident.  As soon as I sat down, my scalp felt as though there were bugs crawling around on it.  About 5 minutes later, I felt an itch on my forehead, patted it, and a little dead fly fell down onto the table.  To put it lightly, I was not amused.  By the time the little potato appetizer came out (which was very tasty, by the way), I was ready to go.  It only got worse, as the little buggers decided to sample my food and divebomb onto my naan.  (My skin is crawling just thinking about it!)  The only positive thing about dining at Darbar was the fact that we had a two-for-one entree coupon.  As a result of this experience I will never eat there again.  Wait, let me clarify: I will never eat inside the restaurant again. I will, however, order the hell out of some takeout, because that food was BANGIN'!  I think that was the best Indian food I have ever had.  Everything was excellent, from the naan to the chana masala to the butter chicken.  My only compaint about the butter chicken is that there were a couple of questionable pieces of chicken in there, but the sauce was on point.  I also have a complaint about the mango lassi: it wasn't that great, because it was warm; I'm sure it tastes much better cold. If it wasn't for the bugs, the restaurant would get about 4.5 stars.  It's a shame, because it is a great Indian restaurant with nice decor.
Came here for dinner with a group. The service was not great. Actually, I have a few complaints. No one smiled even once, and no one ever brought me the knife I asked for that was missing from my place setting. Also, they took a VERY long time between the appetizer and the entrees. Only one person had ordered an appetizer for herself and the dirty dishes just sat there for ages. The one good thing was they were on top of the water refills. The food was pretty good and was priced reasonably. However, most of it is very spicy so let them know if you want mild and they will accommodate. I wish my chicken tandoori was less salty, and that it was all breast meat but perhaps that's something I needed to specify. I'd probably go back here for take-out.
After watching a football game at Stanford, I was starving and really craving some Indian food.  Based on the great reviews and close proximity to the stadium, I headed over to Darbar Indian Cuisine. Service here was super attentive and there were plenty of staff members on hand to fill water, take our orders, and bring us food.  After we ordered, we were brought a complementary amuse bouche of a fried potato slice with two delicious chutneys.  It was a very small bite, but a wonderful way to start off the meal (especially since I was starving after the game).  Veggie pakora were hot and tasty, and super flavorful with the accompanying sauces.  I had a garbanzo bean curry and my friend had the lamb korma, both dishes were wonderful and served with naan and dal.  The portions were huge and we had to take our extras home with us.  Darbar is a great option in Palo Alto, and I may have to make my way back after the next Stanford game.
This is for the lunch buffet. It was really good! It hit the spot for my Indian food craving. Price is fair ($12) for all you can eat (or in my case, all I could stuff in a box to go on my lunch break). Had rice, chicken tikka masala (good!), saag (a little too smooth for my taste), aloo gobi, and fish pakora, with some rice pudding and gulab jamun (those tasty little syrupy donut holes!) to top it off. There was a short line which moved fast, and you get naan to go, too. I'll definitely be visiting here again!
The BEST Indian Food in the South Bay. We get the same 2 dishes every time. The Chicken Tikka and the Eggplant. I feel like they put some addictive spice in their eggplant because if I haven't had it in a while, I start to think about it all day and night until I feed my craving. The food is very rich and very creamy. The atmosphere is very casual.
The place has no equal as a lunch buffet! Absolutely the best! Ignore the nay-sayers. They were my introduction to Indian food, and it was just wonderful,
Having grown up in an Indian neighborhood (yay Jackson Heights!), and having gone to school in Cambridge, I know Indian food fairly well.  Darbar is an okay place.  The food isn't very expensive, and the decor is nice.  The food is acceptable, though a big generic.  Anyone who eats Indian food on any consistent basis though will find it kinda "eh." Despite that, it's still the best Indian place I've found in Palo Alto or the adjoining areas.  I find myself just going to Darbar's as a first thought when I think of getting Indian.  So perhaps I'm just eating there too often! The food comes out fast, so for a quick bite, it's a great place to eat. Every time I go, I always wish they take the Discover card.
A relaxed place to eat good Indian cuisine with good service in Palo Alto Most of the restaurants on University have the feel of places to see and be seen, instead of just to sit down, enjoy good food, good service, and hopefully pleasurable company.  This restaurant, being at the end and one block off the strip definitely has a calmer feel to it that is very conducive to someone wanting to just eat some tasty Indian food and focus on their company instead of the scene that is around them. The food is not outstanding, but there is nothing specific that I could think to complain about.  Definitely a nice place to go to if you have an itch for Indian food when in Palo Alto.
I work right next door at Solutionset. Both of our offices surrounds Darbar and they won't budge to become our official cafeteria. haha. Great food, but dude, flies flies flies....The same family of flies even end up traveling to my work desk which is becoming so annoying. All of my co-workers complain, yet we still go and eat there. So close and convenient when we're in a rush to eat.
I've been here twice now, once for lunch and once for dinner. Both times the food was amazing! For lunch they have a buffet with tons of different choices. Because of the "self-service" the actual table service was a lot better for lunch than on the occassion we came for dinner. (It was a Saturday night and they were packed!) I noticed the food at lunch was milder so if you like it spicy come for dinner instead. The portions are really big, you'll have leftovers, and they don't shortchange you on the naan at all. I can't speak to the authenticity since I've never been to India, but I know delicious when I taste it!
I've been here several times.  It is just okay.  I LOVE Indian food and I've had lots of it in the U.S. and also in India.  Darbar is really well rated which I'm assuming is because of the buffet at lunchtime, but I can only make it here for dinner.  Dinner seems to be another story. It's nice-ish inside but I do recommend bringing your Bono sunglasses as it's too brightly lit.  The service is pretty good as long as you don't mind waving people down to order. Their Malai Kofta is superior, unfortunately it consists of two giant cheese balls with a couple token vegetables thrown inside for good measure.  Sadly, not exactly the most healthful of options.  I'll still be ordering it anyway of course.  The Naan is quite good as well. My favorite Indian dish, the Mixed Vegetable Curry is shockingly bad at Darbar.   It was so bad I couldn't bear to eat more than a single bite of it.  Much later I ate another bite to make sure I didn't just accidentally eat something that wasn't meant to be in there.  And then I got it in the vegetarian Thali another time and now I know, it's just bad. Their Butter Chicken/Chicken Tikka Masala is pretty good, although the chicken isn't always tender.  In fact a lot of their meat dishes are good including the Lamb Curry and the Lamb Samosa.  I just like to eat vegetarian if I can.  It's better for the earth blah blah blah. Also their tamarind sauce, my favorite Indian dipping sauce, isn't good either.  I can eat it, so that's a plus, but I don't enjoy it. Sorry to disagree.  Believe me, I want to LOVE it.  It's just not as loveable as I'd hoped.
While conveniently located in downtown Palo Alto a block away from busy University Avenue, Darbar doesn't stand out from the other Indian restaurants in the area based on its quality / authenticity / originality. For those seeking "authentic" Indian cuisine, Darbar doesn't fit the bill, as it caters to more westernized Indian cuisine. Overall, a great convenient location is Darbar's premier asset. Dishes I've ordered include: Sada & Masala Dosa ($5 - 6) - While listed as an "appetizer", the Masala Dosa can definitely suffice for an entire meal and is one of the best vegetarian deals on the menu Vegetable samosa ($4) - These are particularly small portions and have a slightly "off" mix of spices and vegetables that leaves something to be desired Idli Mulhapodi ($5) - I've only ordered Idli once here, and it was particularly disappointing - far too dry and, strangely, somewhat cold. I haven't returned to Darbar since this experience. Palak Paneer ($11) - Again, the Palak Paneer seemed to have an odd mix of spices that yielded a blander, less authentic dish overall Aloo Mattar ($11) - Thematically, also seemed to have an "off" mix of spices and left me unsatisfied If you're looking for awesome Indian cuisine, I think there are better options out there in the vicinity, but Darbar certainly works if you're optimizing around its convenient location and reasonable price range.
I just visited this place on Monday again and I absolutely love it. I was with two other people so we ordered family style, which really allowed us to sample a number of dishes. The butter chicken is to die for- really. I've also become a quick fan of the mango lassi. Also, if you're a Stanford student I encourage you to make use of the Darbar coupons that come in the Guide and the directories (two entrees for the price of one!). It makes everything a little more worth it :)
This is my all time favorite Indian food, on the planet, period.   I still dream of the naan and the butter chicken.
After all the hype, we were excited to finally go here, but the Chicken Pakora was overcooked to the point of tastelessness, the Vegetarian Samosa was boring, and the Aloo Mattar was .. exactly the same stuff as what was inside the Samosa. Maybe we'll have better luck next time. UPDATE FROM THE MYSTERIOUS FUTURE: So it turns out that we did have 'better luck next time', and the time after that, and the time after that - Darbar's chicken dishes are excellent, and the Thali is cheap and generous. The samosa's still not up to scratch, but almost everything else is; we've not once had a repeat of that first visit. (Score upgraded from two to four stars).
I loved this restaurant. I'm not a big fan of Indian food, but I came here and had the lunch buffet. It was absolutely delicious and well worth the money. They had a good selection of chicken and vegetable dishes. I loved the butter chicken and the tandori chicken. Well worth your money ($10)! My memory could be wrong, but I believe they also gave us a complimentary drink and free naan. However, there are flies, and it can become quite crowded during the lunch time (I forgot if we made reservations or not - I went with my lab group this summer). I must say I felt really lethargic and tired afterwards, and the food did not settle very well in my stomach (I remember running to the bathroom a couple times...), but even so I would definitely go there again.
It's cheap, and the chicken tikka masala is great.  (Nothing else is). Why two stars?  Those little black fruit flies everywhere.  Gross.  Is there rotting meat somewhere?  Call an exterminator - in the meantime, I'll enjoy the comparably-priced lunch buffet at Spice Hut Bistro in Menlo Park.
Definitely great Indian.  The Butter Chicken is not to be missed.  The Naan could be better, IMO.  it's a bit small, and is occasionally thick-ish. We eat here regularly enough (probably half a dozen times in the last year). I don't know what fruit flies you guys are talking about, seriously.  If it used to be like that...gross.  It doesn't seem to be, now.
Went there for lunch, was happy with the selection,there were at least 10 choices for the buffet.  Naan is fresh and brought to your table. Not my favorite Indian ever, but it's close to my office and food was good, will go back!
If anyone knows me well enough, they know I love good Indian food. I love it not only because it tastes great, but because there are an incredible amount of options for vegetarians. [Thank you, religious standards of India.] A month or so ago, my family decided we wanted some Indian food, and didn't want to order take out from Hydrabad House. So, we went to the Darbar website, made a list of what we wanted, gave them a call, and in 45 minutes, I moseyed into the place to pick up our order. Within 5 minutes or so, one of the waitstaff brought out a fairly big box of our order. Yes, we ordered $90 worth of food... And, let me tell you, that $90 lasted us for a few days. :) Honestly, I can't remember everything that I ate. But, I am pretty sure I just had rice, dal [I guess you get complimentary dal along with rice and naan], aloo gobi, and a couple samosas. I remember feeling very happy and satisfied after finishing my meal, and thinking to myself, "I want to actually go there and sit down to a meal." One of these days I will, and I will update my review to factor in the ambiance and service. But, I definately would eat there again based on the great quality of the food. :)
I'm not an expert in Indian cuisine, but this place was one of my favorite haunts as a undergrad at Stanford.  The chicken curry and chicken tikki masala is also a good bet.  The chicken was perfectly cooked and the curry sauce is to die for!  The rice is also not too dry and naan is perfect.  To cool things down, get a cup of the mango lassi!  I always get one there and one to go. The service was amazing and if you can get a copy of the unofficial guide from Stanford, it has a coupon for a buy one dish, get one free!
Great Indian food, I love this place. Not much atmosphere here ... it's all about the food, and believe me, that is enough.  Try the Lamb Sag or Chicken Tikki Masala, or as mentioned below the Butter Chicken.
Hit this place up on a busy Saturday night and feasted on Chicken Tika Masala, Aloo Saag, Shrimp Vindaloo, and veggie Samosas. The Tika Masala was great, Samosas were nice and tasty.  The Nan was a little too thick for my pleasure, but was fresh from the oven and warm. The shrimp vindaloo was hot  and well seasoned, but bombed at our table - maybe go with the juicy chicken instead. Only detraction was a few evil eyes from the bussers as we stayed until 10 PM and became the 2nd to last table.  I could tell they were just dying to clean and reset our table and get home...
This was hands down THE worst eating experience I've had in a while. I have read reviews saying that the good reasonably priced Indian food, especially south Indian cuisine is all in the south bay. I live in the east bay and don't often make it south, but my boyfriend was helping set up for a street fair in a cute little shopping neighborhood in Palo Alto, so I happened to end up in front of Darbar. I was SO excited to find a new place to try a Masala Dosa at and waited an extra hour until they re-opened for dinner just to eat here. The restaurant was empty except for an Indian couple seated near the window. I usually take that as a good sign that the food is worth it. Unfortunatley, my food was strangely and unappetizingly colored and rather tasteless. My dosa came with the usual sambar and some sauce that looked like pale mustard, a sort of bright, greenish yellow. I asked the waiter what it was and he said "coconut chutney", which until that moment I'd always known to be off-white in color. Poking a corner of my dosa into the suspiciously colored chutney, I suddenly became aware of a cloud of fruit flies that must have appeared when my dosa did, flying all around and on my food and up into my eyes. It's not very often that I need to explain to the waiter that my food seems to have come with it's own fruit fly contingent. His helpful suggestion? Did I want to move to another table? Um, sure. Now that I was down to only one or two fruitflies to swat at during my meal, I found that my dosa was gummy and pale and adhered to the plate on the bottom like glue. The aforementioned chutney had no discernable flavor whatsoever, so with it's unappealing color, I abandoned it completely for the rest of the meal. Which didn't last long anyhow. The sambar was watery and barely flavorful, so didn't improve the dosa wrapping whatsoever. In the end I scrapped out the potato filling and would have just asked for the check and never looked back, except that right before I would have asked for the check, my boyfriend called asking me to pick up some food for him. I ordered a Malai Kofta thali dinner to go and dropped it off for him to eat during his break. When I went to pick him up at the end of the night he had eaten everything I brought him but reported that his eating experience was also sub-par - everything was watery and didn't have much taste. The only reason I give this restaurant any stars at all is that I am amazed and happy that at least neither of us got food poisoning.
I gave this a 2 star and went for lunch yesterday and have no choice but to downgrade it to a 1 star. How this place has good reviews is beyond me. I don't know a single person who loves Indian food, has eaten at at least 6+ different Indian restaurants, and likes this place. - Spinach pakoda -- all batter, no spinach flavor at all - Eggplant pakoda - undercooked - Tandoori chicken - very unflavorful, never had tandoori chicken this bland - Butter chicken - grade B quality chicken in here - Chicken curry - ditto, poor quality chicken - Saag - too cheap to include paneer in the saag - Gobi (cauliflower) - bland as can be - Naan - decent. One review said "hoot naan brought to your table" -- every single Indian buffet does this! This is not special! Price: $10.95 (vs Janta down the street with higher quality more flavorful food at $9.95) Yes, Darbar has many options --- but lots of variety at low quality is still low quality! Seriously, go to Janta, or drive to Amber or Passage to India in Mountain View instead. You will thank me.
This is a place the non-Indian palette seems to like, but as someone who eats Indian food 80% of the... Read more 
I went during lunch time... Just won't give 5 stars because there was a huge line.. I hate to wait!! So I ended up getting the food to go. But of course a long line means it is good the food is excelent!!!! I will go back for sure.
I've eaten here a couple years ago and the food was fabulous. Then I came in last week with a couple friends and ordered up the chicken and lamb curries, and they were not fresh and bland tasting. I was so embarrased as I had staked my reputation on the food. Quite frankly, the place has gone down in food. I'll still give them an extra star for the service was quite good. Hope you guys get cooking and serving some fresh, tasty indian food.
How does one say "mmmm, mmmm, good" in the appropriate Indian language? I wish I knew because I would utter the phrase a lot; just thinking about eating at Darbar makes me hungry - and I just had dinner. I have friends who have moved away from the Bay area that beg to go back during their visits. Lamb vindaloo is my staple. I occasionally order something else off the menu, but always return to the vindaloo. It comes with quality, tender meat, and is well spiced - hot enough  to make beads of sweat form on my forehead, but not so hot that I won't finish the dish. Naan triangles are excellent for mopping up the sauces. My wife always orders the CTM (Chicken Tikka Masala) and is never disappointed. Get a large Indian beer or two to share with your partner. When I worked in Palo Alto, the lunch buffet was always a treat. So much good food, so little stomach capacity. Mmmm.
First indian restaurant in last five visits NOT to make me sick to my stomach. Pretty ideal lunch buffet served out of big golden pots. Good selection of creamy chicken and veggie dishes, and free naan at every table. Chili chicken was a fave, with butter chicken a close second.
Although I've only been to this place twice for lunch buffet  -- I love it!  The naan is delicious.  I think I get full off of that alone!  I have no words for the butter chicken.. it's THAT good.  My co-worker and I try to go there every chance we get, so I'm hoping we take a trip there this week=) If you have yet to try Darbar.. go now!
My friends and I come here a lot because of that Buy 1 Dinner, Get 1 Free coupon in Stanford's Unofficial Guide. It's worth it, especially with that coupon; the dishes have reasonable portions and come with dal and raita and rice and naan. And the waiters are totally on your water glass like hawks. I thought it was a little overbearing at first, but then I remembered the spice levels we're talking about here and STFU. The kulfi we got for dessert the other day was tasty, although probably a bit overpriced. You might as well get their supersweet mango lassi to go or go down the street to the gelato place. Anyway, the service was the bomb digs, and the food is dependably good. But I'd recommend that coupon to anyone who is or looks like a Stanford student.
The food here was quite tasty. We had the chana masala and chicken sag, and both were delicious.  The chicken was tender, and the chana masala had a very healthy level of spice. While the service was a little slow, it wasn't unbearably so. The only complaint I have--and it's relatively minor--is that there were a few children squawking and running about in the restaurant. They seemed to belong to the employees, and it was just a little much. Still, it's absolutely worth the trip if you're in Paly.
When here for the lunch buffet, isn't that big, they could definite use 1 or more tables. Is like $11+ tax  The choice is decent, but the salad bar is weak. No soup.. Several type of curry, is decent but not great curry. It does put a lot of MSG on it, so if you don't like MSG don't eat here. Price could had been slight lower, waiter service is good is all male waiter... Pretty average restaurant.
Not too bad. The food wasn't impressive but I did like the dessert. The waiting staff could have been a little bit more prompt. Pretty good for a week night
Amazing butter chicken! That's all I have to say! I love it how it melts in your mouth! Dropped one star only because of shahi paneer. Shahi Paneer is NOT fried cheese thrown in everyday curry! However, their butter chicken is amazing so I will come back just for that!
Went there on 5/1/11 for dinner. Got extremely sick about 4 hours later. Not to get too graphic, but how about simultaneous bi-modal system purge. Ended up having to go on a saline drip at urgent care the next day with a GI infection. I would be curious to hear about any other folks that have gotten sick here...yelp message me back if you did.
Lunchtime was busy and crowded on a rainy day last Friday. Solid Indian buffet for lunch, and my Indian buddy readily agreed that the quality of food was good (he's vegetarian, I'm not). The Chicken Makhani had large pieces of high quality chicken in it, plus the sauce was buttery and very tasty. Nan was passable but not outstanding; it was warm but a bit over cooked.
Darbar deserves 5 star! I work in Palo Alto. Sometimes we go for lunch at Darbar. During lunch they have a buffet style lunch. They have a huge selection of food. Good for Vegetarian and Non vegetarian both. Quality of food is decent. Ambiance is perfect so is the pricing
Indian food is not normally my thing, but I had a great time eating at Darbar's on Friday evening. I came around 8:15pm with a group of 3, and we were seated in 10 minutes and served right away. We ordered the Palak Paneer (fried cheese with sauce) as an appetizer, and three dishes to share: the Bhindi Masala (okra with masala sauce), Butter Chicken, and Lamb Vindaloo. We also ordered rice, and three pieces of nan -- onion, garlic, and regular. The dishes were all delicious and flavorful! Granted, I haven't had a lot of experience eating Indian food, but it was all really delicious. My favorite dish of the three was the Bhindi Masala -- it has a great texture and flavor. Darbar's a great place for a casual date, a meeting place for friends, or a quick dinner.
I brought my family here to eat because one of my classmates recommended it. I have to say that for our first time trying Indian Food I was very pleased by how yummy it was. I had to practically drag my husband and little girl here but the reviews were good in their part also. We tried the buffet since it allowed us to try a little of everything. Being Mexican American I'm use to eating tortillas with my meal so it was nice to have the fresh Indian bread or nam(not really sure what's it called) with our meal. My favorite was the Chicken Marsala. We will definitely be trying this place again, for the buffet of course.
I've been here maybe 20 times.  I like the food and the people in general are nice.  Today, I went there for lunch and the manager asked me if I'm done with my plate.  I was eating a new plate with salad and one piece of Tandoori chicken thigh whereas the other plate was sitting to the left of me, 95% empty.  He put the plate towards my face and goes, "What did you not like about it?"  I was totally confused.  I eat buffet all the time and this never happens to me.  I was like, "It's fine."  He goes, "I want to know why you don't like the food."  He waves to the leftover piece of lamb curry and the leftover 1/2 piece of potato in the cauliflower potato and lots of leftover sauce.  He's keeps on going on about the leftover food.  I was horrified.  First of all, I get very little of each item and there will be items that I don't like to eat once I try it.  I'll be happy to remove this review, if there's a way to talk to the owner to tell him or her about what happened.  I saw the manager later shove/push across this waiter to walk past him.  Totally not a nice person at all.
I've been exploring a number of different Indian restaurants from Santa Cruz to Berkley, and I have yet to find anywhere that's as good as Darbar. Some inconsistencies in the service, but I think the food is so good that they deserve 5 stars anyway. They are a little on the expensive side, but the portions are fairly large.  When I eat here for dinner, I almost always have enough food left over for lunch the next day.  It totally makes the high cost worth it.  Their buffet, while expensive, is pretty large and never fails to satisfy. They have the best butter chicken, vindaloo (spicy!!), and chicken tikka masala that I have found anywhere.  The naan is great as well. I just wish they had lunch buffet on Saturday.
Finally!  An Indian place that actually has SPICY vindaloo.  I feel like it's been so long.  I'm so... Read more 
Good Indian food at reasonable prices near downtown PA. This is definitely not the best Indian food I have had...but it a convenient fast place to fill your Indian food cravings. You can get 2 for 1 entree coupons in the Palo Alto Weekly and Stanford Daily.
This is my favorite Indian in the Bay Area. We go here for special dates. We take friends here who are new to the area, and family who is visiting. Some Indian food I don't like because there is a lot of spice but not enough flavor. Not at Darbar! Every dish tastes unique. We always get three dishes: tikka masala, vindaloo, and saag. The masala is sweet and creamy; the vindaloo is spicy and flavorful; the saag is mild but tasty. They compliment each other. And I have never had any one of those dishes at any other restaurant be better.
Excellent and authentic Indian restaurant.  Had their mango lassi, vegetable samosa, lamb curry, and channa masala.   Recommend all.  Especially beneficial for Stanford students who get a "buy one get one free" coupon via their Unofficial Guides. Even saw Steve Jobs there.
I put in an order for 15 people at 5 pm and they were able to deliver an hour and a half later! Quantities were huge (enough to feed at least 20 ppl) and cheap (~$160). But the best part is how sweet the driver was, even after I gave him the wrong address and he drove around for 30 minutes looking for my office. He was SO nice about it, and kept apologizing for the delay. As for the food, the vegetable curry was good, the palak paneer was WAY too creamy, the chicken tikka tasted like butter, and the lamb curry was a bit oily. Rice and naan were fine. Good Indian food, but not necessarily the most authentic. Summary: Yummy, Cheap, On-time, Great Service, and Huge portions!
Alright, Yelp, here is my first review! I hoped it would be something more unique than a restaurant that already has 265 reviews, but hey, I was moved. It was 2:26 when I called, and their lunch hour ends at 2:30. I was panicked. ALL I wanted in the world was some chicken korma. They guy on the phone was on his way to telling me "no"... but then there were a lot of "actually, hold on" and "ok we can do that" moments. In the end, without cajoling, I ended up with exactly what I wanted, even though it wasn't even part of the lunch buffet. In fact, judging by the size of the meat pieces in my curry, they may have butchered a chicken just for me... Darbar often has coupons in the local papers and online for 1/2 off the second entree, and even though it *says* they're not good on weekends, they're sometimes nice and take them anyway. Thanks, Darbar, for being there in my time of need! :D
The place smells really bad when you first walk in, but the food is pretty tasty. They're slogan is "Eat like a King while being treated like a Prince" and my friend and I were thinking, but why can't I also be treated like a KING! Well, at least they live up to their expectations, because the service was certainly sub par to their food. On the plus side, a side order of rice and naan comes with your entrees, along with dipping sauces. However, my two biggest disappointments with this particular Indian restaurant was that they didn't serve free chai tea, like ALL other Indian restaurants I've ever been to! And secondly, no Bhindi Chicken on the menu! My favorite dish! They had Bhindi Masala, which is basically Bhindi Chicken minus the chicken. So I asked our waitress if they could just add chicken to the dish, and she said no. Without even considering it! For reasons she didn't explain to me, they couldn't do it, even though they had the okra, the curry, and the chicken to make it happen. Oh well, I guess I'll just have to go back to Berkeley where the Indian food is so much better, and the chai tea is free!
We had Chicken Tikka Masala and Baigan Bharta, both were excellent.  Our Shrimp appetizer was not.  I would not recommend it unless you love raw onions.  They added a little free lentil dish to our to-go order which was also delicious.
All my experiences with Darbar have been through take-out so I can't comment on the interior of the establishment itself. But oh, the food is excellent and the prices reasonable. Chicken curry, with some aloo saag, the cauliflower with potatoes dish, and a heap of basmati rice and I am stuffed (don't even mention the nann, please). Look around for some of their coupons as they have fantastic deals.
This is an awesome lunch buffet restaurant I have been to in a long time. The price is right and the food is glorious. The simosas are spicy and smooth with a crunchy exterior that just makes me feel like I am in heaven. The selection of meats and stews are great and the basmati rice is exquisite. It makes my mouth water just thinking about it. The service is good too. They are really nice and won't abandon  you like most waiters do in restaurants/buffets. The only small, very miniscule problem is that it does close during the later afternoon. So plan accordingly.
They do a surprisingly good job for a lunch buffet. The big hits: - some of the best naan around, which they bring to each table. - the butter chicken, so yummy and not greasy - the chili chicken, with just the right amount of spice Solid, but not spectacular: - saag - daal - aloo gobhi
The food was really good and it is nice inside. Minus two stars for service. Here's why: (in best french accent) The waiters were how you say - snooty. Also, they were miffed that I brought in the deal off of Palo Alto Pizazz.  If you don't want people bringing in coupons - don't create them!
Lunch buffet is cheap with a surprising variety of quality dishes.  They do spice really well.  And, for service, there was always naan on the table and someone nearby to refill our water. An affordable treat in an otherwise expensive town.
I went to this place with a couple of my co-workers for lunch and for just about 10 bucks for a buffet style meal, seems like a good bet. The food was quite flavorful and tasty and it was a well kept restaurant. Not very much selection, however, I sort of expected that. the chicken was good except the piece that I picked was sorta pink inside so I just ate around it. haha. the lamb curry was delicious and yum pakora. I was sorta turned off when I ordered water and it seemed clouded. I think the dishes weren't very clean because I noticed my plates and bowl had some dried food spats. LOL. The staff sorta was annoying me, its like they wanted us to just hurry up and eat and leave. I thought it was sorta rude for one of the waiters to just come by and pick up my plate just a few seconds before I swallowed the last bite! Well, anyway, that was my experience so I'll leave it up to you. :)
This is one of my favorite restaurants! I have taken my indian friends here, and they tell me its as authentic as you can get on this side of the pond without making it yourself! The food is flavorful, but not overwhelming. Its like a party in your mouth every time you take a bite. I love the Aloo Gobi and the Bengan Bhurtha. They are yummy yummy in my tummy!  My boyfriend's favorite is the chicken tikka masala. My dad loves the Lamb Biriani, order it spicy! Save your money on the desserts or just order appetizers, they are super duper good! This place does take out by the way, and its just as good as home as it is in the restaurant. My boyfriend picked me up from the airport one time with Darbar take out in the car, best surprise ever! Enjoy the food!
Darbar is just around the corner from where I work and I have nothing but good things to say about it. Waitstaff is always really pleasant, the food is always ready when I show up (even if I come more quickly than they recommend) and the food is great. I like the chicken tikka masala and both the lamb and veggie vindaloo (spicy). The food is nothing fancy, but I actually prefer it to Junoon
Went for lunch buffet. Food was terrible. Meat was undercooked. Stomach hurt for two days. McDonalds would have been a healthier option. Would not recommend to anyone. 1 star is pushing it.
Delicious Indian lunch buffet!  We stopped by Janta before settling on Darbar and decided against Janta because it had a smaller selection of items (although the meal would have been cheaper).  I had my fill of every item and thought the veggie items were tastier than the meat items.  Still, very satisfied.
This place is actually one of the best Indian places around the Palo Alto, Mountain View area. With the Stanford buy 1 - get 1 free coupon this is a no brainer. The food is tasty and authentic. Some of my favorite things to get here are the beef samosas, palak paneer, and butter chicken. I would give this place five stars if it weren't for the gnats or whatever flying around the restaurant constantly. Also, the last time I went the lassis tasted odd, like the yogurt had gone bad. Regardless, I will come back here for sure.
Darbar was really good.  I had my favorite Indian dish, Chicken Korma, which I haven't had for almost 6 months!  Man it was good, more complex than other Korma I have had.  They gave me a little treat to start with too.  Will be going back for sure.
Good, straight forward Indian fare in an unpretentious (if not slightly tacky/over the top/a bit frayed around the edges) environment.  Good price performance.
Amazing korma!  Really fast service,  friendly staff.
Yelpers, you've let me down on this one.  While the samosas were fantastic and GINORMOUS, the rest of the meal was not all that flavorful and in fact really dry.  The chicken tikka masala had been cooked in such a way that they LOOKED like chicken but were bone dry and felt like jerky going down my esophagus.  Surely this technology can be used for some biomedical drug transport mechanism.
The lunch buffet is a bargain and allows you to have nice lunch during your short lunch hour because you don't have to wait for your food to be cooked, heck, I don't even sit down when I go in for lunch.  I just go straight to the buffet table!!!!  Except... I hardly ever see any Indian people dining there... and that might say a little bit... just a little...
Holy shiznatch! There's a restaurant here. That's exactly what I was thinking when I drove by this place and totally missed it!!!  After reading the reviews of Darbar I knew I had to try this place with my coworker (we are chronic eaters of indian buffets during lunch).  But I kid you not - this place is EASY to miss. Just remember that it's on Lytton across from A9...but don't go to far...or else you'll miss it. Ok enough about how EASY this place it to miss.. When you first walk into this restaurant, it's really is surprising how big this place is with such a small storefront.  The place looks like the way indian restaurants are supposed to look like - cheezy, yet kinda homey.    The buffet line is also pretty GINORMOUS and has a good assortment of indian curries. I like how the wait staff are constantly replacing the burners under the food - to make sure we all go home without having to  run to the porcelain god.  I'd have to say I'm disappointed that they don't have more vegetarian curries, but being that vegetarians are minority - I am not surprised. The two chicken dishes were surprisingly tasty (meaning there's a lot of spices that go well together). Being a huge of Chicken Tikka Masala...I'd have to say Darbar has one of the best ones I've had.  They also have good Naan, it's not too thick, has just right amount of chewiness.   I am glad that there is FINALLY a good Indian restaurant here on University Ave. (i'm sure it's been around for years - but you would never know since it's SO EASY to miss..ok ok...I'll let it go...it's not the restaurant's fault it's easy to miss).  Just be forewarned, that parking here is tough. Final word...this is quite possibly one of the best Indian restaurants on University. Although I prefer Saffron (in San Carlos), this is a great alternative since it's so close by.  I will definitely be back again - watch out people - look out for the tall asian girl bulldozing her way through the buffet line. I  went back for thirds and I am not ashamed to admit it!!!
A good staple for Indian cuisine if you're local, but I wouldn't go out of my way for it. Our meals were fresh, the sauces rich and flavorful, the service decent, not awesome. The wait staff vibe seems a bit depressed, which affects me as well - I like a place where the staff is engaged and the energy is positive more or less. Pretty generic, semi-cozy interior. It was full on a Monday evening. Wasn't disappointed or impressed.
I went here for dinner on a saturday night. Here's what I think Appetizer - we asked for Chicken Tikka for appetizer, which btw was not marinated, and tasted like it was "fried" moments ago. The chicken should be marinated and cooked in clayoven (tandoor). So, that turned out to be a disaster. We asked for Chicken Curry (which was supposed to be bit spicy). To our surprise, it turned out to be sweet like Butter Chicken, no taste of spices at all. Service -  The guy brought us the curry before appetizers :) Anyway, since the place is talked about so much, i still want give it one more shot and try their chicken/lamb vindaloo. I have heard/read about it a lot. Although, I will not recommend this place to someone. I am giving it a 2, mainly cause of the food, I am an Indian, and I know they can definitely do better.
YUM! My husband took me here for my birthday last month, and everything was delicious. As duly noted below, the butter chicken is delicious! We will be back!
I still like Darbar -- but there are some dishes I simply would not order -- like the Bhindi (okra). They put it in a creamy tikka masala sauce -- what's up with that? Was that a mistake? That I cannot forgive -- and it makes me wary.
Darbar is inexpensive, good standard Indian fare. This is my preferred Indian place in downtown Palo... Read more 
Only come here if you have health insurance..since it'll put you in a delicious food coma. I've definitely had a few great dinners here, but Darbar really shines when it comes to the midday buffet. I know a lot of purists are already backing away now that the B-word has been uttered, but the restaurant has an awesome spread of meat and vegetable curries. I'm partial to their tandoori chicken since it's not the sickening chalky red like it other places. Juicy tender meat that just falls off the bone, with a fancy pants blast of lemon..Mmm. Other highlight would be the endless naan that's made fresh for each table so that they're always cheerfully hot with that mix of crispy and doughy that makes naan the best bread variant ever. Dessert section is typical of Indian buffets: kheer (rice pudding with cardamom explosion...in a good way), gulab jamun (kinda hard the last time I tried it, so thumbs down), and orange slices so you can pretend to get the curry taste out of your mouth. And a plus is that the place is surprisingly well-ventilated, so you don't walk out smelling like a spice factory exploded.
As a frequenter of Indian lunch buffets, I have to say that Darbar in Palo Alto has one of the best I've had.  The service was very quick and friendly, and the food was excellent.  I can't wait to go there again!
great food and service one of the best indian places on peninsula
I had the lamb sag and one of the lamb dishes wish had garbanzo beans in it. Both dishes were tasty, but the flavors didn't impress me enough to give the restaurant four stars. However, I liked the large rice and nan portions, which most nice. Also, the small complimentary appetizer with the potato pieces and dipping sauces was great for being free, but not overly tasty. Good overall for Indian.
One of the main reasons I dislike Darbar is their service, they are extremely rude and unhelpful. In addition to their bad service their food in general is not that good. A lot of other Indian restaurants in the area serve much better food. The only good thing about them is the 'two entrees for the price of one' coupons.
Not to beat a dead horse, but I really like the butter chicken.  And yes, the naan is good... and I think Darbar has some of the most reasonably priced Indian food in Palo Alto.  If you can stand to get off the beaten University Avenue track, Darbar is a great place to try.  And keep in mind the lunch buffet.  It's a great value.
Tasty inexpensive Indian food.  Check the Stanford Daily for occasional 2-for-1 meal coupons.
With generous portions and absolutely top-rate cooking, Darbar is a scrumptious treat a block off the main downtown Palo Alto drag.  The vegetarian selection is expansive and the spice level is always just right.
we had a party at work and had catered from here. i had never eaten here before, but i was shocked with how good the food was! the food was delivered hot (a HUGE plus because cold indian food is never good), and everything was delicious! here's the breakdown: samosas: nice and crispy tandoori chicken: this was the only dish that wasn't as warm, but it was still pretty good. chicken tikka masala: YUM! they used thigh meat instead of breast, but it was still good chana masala: also good! they left some tomatoes in chunks, which gave the curry a nice texture palak paneer: honestly, one of the best palak paneers i've had in a while! i don't usually get this dish, but i will definitely get it the next time i come to darbar naan: soft and fluffy! all in all, the food was great. i'll have to come to the restaurant for a complete review though....which will probably happen soon so stay tuned!
Strange location (and parking issues) aside, this place serves great tasting (and inexpensive) dishes. Lots of meat in the meat dishes, so I'm a big fan.
Darbar is THE Indian restaurant of choice for me and my fellow Stanford U students. The food is really flavorful and not-too-pricey even though the atmosphere would be considered "nice". I frequent the place often for friend outings, reunions, business dinners and dates.
Simply but the best bargain in downtown Palo Alto for hungry eaters. For $10 bucks a lunch buffet  is available with chicken and vegetarian dishes ranging from spicy to mild. I would say arrive earlier than 12:15 to make sure you get a good first plate helping before going through again. Try the chili chicken if you like spicy, butter chicken is milder. Good bread, good service.
This place is fantastic. My boyfriend and I eat here almost every week. The Tikka Masala is wonderful and the staff is very friendly.
Tschane and I appreciated the colorful decor in Darbar. The food was substantial, filling, and well-spiced. The servers were attentive. I'm sure we'll be back! (And Tschane may be making this her Indian take-out place of choice...).
We went here,got a lunch special from the buffet which included lamb,beef,curry and other entrees.Thank God I had already eaten,but my brother wasn't so lucky! He got very sick for about an hour or so,than without getting graphic (you know the rest) was o.k. after that! Watch out! Also,the website is down! That's not a good sign either! Might have been the best since 2006,but is 2011 now!
Darbar's two-for-one coupons in the Unofficial Stanford Guide keep this place packed with poor graduate students.  And for affordable Indian (which most Indian is :) ), Darbar is a fantastic value.  Their neon sign and traditional but simple decor manage to give it a lot of character.  (Don't worry about the lights dimming randomly... it seems to happen a lot!)  Their tikka masala is quite rich and creamy - nearly London style - and the palak paneer is a winner too.  They have Kingfisher in bottles.  It beats their other beers but is still nothing like getting it on tap across the pond.
Great service and good food. Nice looking restaurant too.
I don't know about Indian restaurants with proper utensils and white tablecloths....the food was good but not any better than the more divey pakwan, shalimar, naan n curry type places I'm used to in SF for a fraction of the price.  It was good but not worth a detour.
Tucked into a quiet section of downtown Palo Alto, I really think this place is underrated. The service is always very friendly and accommodating (they don't hound you if you just want to chitchat for a while before ordering). The food is delicious (lamb vindaloo and fish masala are particular standouts), and the prices are fantastic. $4 for a pretty decent glass of Cabernet?! What's there not to like?
My experience eating at Darbar was overall OK.  The food was absolutely tasty and all of our plates were close to clean.  I agree with the other Yelpers on  the Nan being somewhat plain.   would have given more stars, but those darn fruit flies swarmed all over the dinner table making it an uncomfortable situation.  A few of them flew into the eyes of my friends, and we just had to keep on shooing them away throughout the meal.  Darbar certainly delivers on the taste of India, but also brings a pesky environment.  When we asked the waiter about the flies, his lame response was "yes we have flies like all the restaurants..."  Next time, I'll just order take out.
Yummy, though greasy lunch buffet. Have an array of pretty standard veg and non-veg options.
I recently moved to Palo Alto and have been looking for good, not too expensive, casual, and relatively quick places to eat dinner.  Darbar fit the bill really well.  The waiter was helpful picking out dishes with the right spiciness.  "spicy but not too spicy please."  The atmosphere was very simple and  refreshing compared to other places in PA.
Yum yum yum!  By far the best Indian place in downtown Palo Alto, and one of the few places to get South Indian fare.  The Dossa Masala is a great way to start off the meal (love the sambar and coconut chutney) and while the menu is pretty standard, the dishes are all done very well,  Particularly the fish masala, and the bhindi masala (okra).
Great food and the service was very fast.  The food is wonderful and they have a great selection, I went during dinner and they did not have a buffet but I think they might have a lunch buffet.  There spinach dish was very flavorful.  I really enjoyed there chicken curry as well.  The order of tandori chicken was only ok they did not have enough onions. I would definitly go back if I was craving some indian food while shopping in palo alto.
Holy hell all I can say is that the food is soooo hot.  Good god, i want to like this place,  but the food is to hot!  Meat samosas, I could pass.  Veggie samosas are the way to go.  Nice that the rice, naan etc are all included yet I prefer a la carte.
This is not only my favorite Indian restaurant, but possibly my favorite restaurant ever.  I will admit, I haven't experienced a huge variety of Indian food, but I've tried it from a good number of places, and nothing comes close to Darbar.  The portion sizes are huge (I always get two full meals out of whatever I order), and everything is delicious.  I highly recommend the butter chicken, fish masala, malai kofta, and pakora -- but it's all great. As stated in other reviews, the 2 for 1 coupon in the unofficial guide is an amazing bargain.
Darbar's is the indian restaurant to go to in the palo alto area. It is about average pricing (~$12 per entree; vegetarian is a few dollars cheaper). Stanford's Buy 1 get 1 free def. makes it worth it. For appetizers, my favorite is the fish pakora-- fried, marinated, tender pieces of fish. If you go around closing time, they may give you more food (that's happened once to me-- the serving dish was overflowing!). Sometimes, they may not charge if you ask for extra rice/naan
I have eaten inside once and takeout once, but never again.  My boyfriend and I went there and he had some kind of fish and I had the Aloo Gobi.  The fish was overcooked and dry and the Aloo Gobi was okay. A week ago, we decided to order for take out.  We got the lentil soup and the vegetarian dinner.  It tasted great...or should I say until my boyfriend found a hair in our soup that was neither mine or his.  When we finished, we were both feeling horrible, then worse, and the next morning not so good.  Hmmm, that is the only thing that we ate that was the same that day. Never going back!!!
I will never ever ask for Biryani at this Restaurant. I like their Pakoras, but meat entrees do not have original North Indian cuisine's taste. HN
Why oh why can't they kill the fruit fly? I blink and there it is in my eye obscuring my view of tasty Somosas and hot lamb saag.  The price is right, the food tight, it's just hard to eat with the flies in sight.
I'd almost totally forgotten about this place since I don't work in the area anymore but as I passed it recently it's still chugging along. I used to work with a bunch of both Swedish and Dutch guys and they loved their Indian food here. I'm not usually a huge buffet person but when you work with the likes of Vikings it's kind of the only way to go and in their defense it's pretty decent here and you do get the variety aspect. I suppose one of these days I'll come for dinner and order what I want specifically and see if that changes my outlook. 3.5 stars.
Amazing!  The food is wonderful!  The service is great.  If you're polite to them, they will be polite to you.  I've been to India, and I had better food at Darbar.  Also really good date place if you a bit daring.
great lunch buffet! about $11, so on the pricey side, but great for a once in a while treat. ate way too much! the lamb was perfect...tender and perfectly cooked.
The chicken tikka masala is not bad, better than average, but the garlic naan is very good.  Chewy and crispy at the same time, and not too thick or thin.   Worth coming to if you're in the area, would come back again.
Darbar is a terrible Indian restaurant for several reason and it's a wonder why anyone goes there. The food is mediocre at best with portions that are quite small.  Prices are simply outrageous unless you happen to have one of the buy one get one half off coupons which are found online.  But don't even think about showing an iPhone screen of the coupon print page if you're trying to save paper or the hassle of printing, because they claim they NEED a printed copy.  I even spoke to the owner about this ridiculousness and he just sort of said it wasn't allowed and then scurried away. Other than that incident, the service is slow, irregular, and inconsiderate.  I went an entire 45 minute dinner without a water refill despite two polite reminders.
Simple, solid Indian food.  Vege Currie was good and the Sag has a kick. A good go-to but nothing out of this world.  But definitely will go again and again.
We came here for dinner. It seemed like a nice little intimate restaurant. However, I wasn't too impressed with the food. The chicken tikki malasa came out to be quite bland ... kind of feels like chewing on mush.  And the chicken itself was overcooked. The paneer korma wasn't much better. Not quite what I expected based on the rating. Disappointment, get.
It's a guaranteed party in your mouth when you go for lunch. The ~$10 price tag is about right - and it's reliably good, because their lunch buffet is consistently the same. Which is bad; minus 1 star. They could easily rotate out two buffet menus on a weekly basis to keep it interesting, or something like that. Still 4 stars because I don't get tired of it.
Probably the best indian food ever... Everything about this place from start to finish was amazing.. Cute quiet homey ambience.. Amazing breads.. dips.. Tandoori was just right.. veggies and rice were perfect.. Seriously is the best indian food I've had! YUM!
Ordered the chicken tikka masala and palak paneer. The chicken was too try and typical. The palak cheese wasn't soft enough and flavor was lacking. The cheaper Hyderabad on University actually has better tasting dishes, but this place has the full sit-down experience.
Very consistent lunch buffet but dinner lacks the same flavors.  Lamb dishers were a standout, cooked to a just right tenderness.  The naan is too soft and mushy.  I would go here again for lunch but never again for dinner.
Darbar is probably my favorite place for Indian food near Palo Alto. The food is great and very filling (be prepared to fall asleep 15 minutes after you're done!), and the service is also quite good. My favorites dishes are probably the chicken tikka masala, and the navrattan korma (both delicious!), but I've never gone wrong ordering other dishes either. It's not exactly very cheap for dinner (the entrees are all around $12 or so), but it's very reasonable with the buy-one-entree-get-one-free coupons that appear weekly in the Stanford Daily. The lunch buffet is also great: all you can eat for about $8!!
my mom & i had the fried veggie (cauliflower, potato, eggplant & something else LOL) appetizer with the sauces (green & red). the red sauce was our favorite...it was spicy with a sweet aftertaste. we ordered the chicken & shrimp vindaloo. OMG HELLA SPICY! I LOVE IT!! these entrees came with rice & naan (we ordered the garlic and onion). the garlic naan was really good...onion no so good. i definitely recommend the chicken vindaloo - the chicken was tender and the sauce was rich, thick, and did i mention spicy?! lol i wouldn't order the shrimp vindaloo...i swear the shrimp was the size of a DIME! just pay an extra $2 and get the prawn vindaloo. i do have a problem with the service...all of their servers speak in such a soft tone, i couldn't hear them! i asked for recommendations and the girl server DID NOT help me make my selections easy. I WOULD HAVE RATED THIS SPOT A 5 ONLY IF THE SERVICE WAS GOOD & THE PRICES SLIGHTLY LOWER. other than that - I'll come back if I'm in the area.
Yes, the food was very good. Decent service. Nice atmosphere. I wasn't knocked off my seat by how good it was, but I was very pleased.
My friend and his Indian wife like this place. Try the butter chicken, the spicy ground lamb kebabs, and of course, the garlic nan.
I enjoyed this place.  My meal wasn't as good as what my bros had but still solid.  A little overpriced for an indian restaurant but a good option if you want indian food in the Palo Alto area.
I've been eating at Darbar for about 10 years now.  At some point a pleasant change in ambiance occurred so that now there is a more dimly lit feel, lovely Indian art panels on the waslls and maroon and marigold table cloths.  The food is quite good and I particularly pleased to have Southern Indian options on the menu (Dosa's are among my favorite Indian treats and are often hard to find).  Prices are quite reasonable, but I always spend too much because I can't choose and figure I'll just eat the leftovers for lunch.
Even though the staff was kind of shifty and weirded out by my three totally gay friends that I was having dinner with, the experience was not totally unpleasing.  The food was quite good.  Palak Paneer stands out in my mind, mango lasshee, and nan were good as well.
Food is very rich in taste and filling. Quality service with a personal zing. Busy and exciting on the weekends, but weekdays are great for quiet dinners. My favorite Indian restaurant by far, I mean it's named after DARBAR the ELEPHANT, well maybe not, but that the image that comes to mind very time!
Oh. What would we do without Darbar.  My friends and I go here non stop.  One time we went for lunch and dinner.  Borderline obsession!  The Chicken Tikka Masala is excellent (especially with rice and garlic nan).  I have never gotten a bad dish here.  It is fun to order one familiar dish and experiment with a new one each time.  The service is great, with a "Yes Please!" attitude.
I should come here during the buffet so I don't have to decide on just one plate. They were all so delicious looking I ended up choosing a basic chicken curry, I mean how could you get that wrong? My friend ordered the Chana Masala and was nice enough to let me steal some and end up keeping the left overs. I can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu. This place has YUM  written all over it!
I'm usually not a big fan of the whole "eat until you explode" thing but Darbar is providing fairly priced buffet lunches. Even the rice is nice, cooked to perfection. Great for hungry people starving for mouth burning dishes :)
Darbar serves very good Indian food. I have been here a handful of times, and I have always been satisfied. For less than $15, you get a nice portion of meat in sauce, rice, naan, dal (lentil soup) and raita (yogurt sauce). The meat here is high quality, and the sauces are spiced and flavored perfectly. I recommend the Lamb Korma as well as the Chicken Tikka Masala. They make a great Mango Lassi too. I'm looking forward to trying more of their menu. If you can get your hands on a coupon, you've got the best dinner deal in Palo Alto.
I think this place is worth every penny. It's reasonably priced, good food. Whether you are eating in or taking out, the service is attentive and thorough. The menu is comprehensive. The atmosphere is a little strange but oh well.
4 stars for the chicken sagwala, the chicken was very well done and tender. Spiced cream spinach was yummy and went well with the raita. beef samosas were chock full of meat and some peas, onions and cashews, crisp! Wasn't such a fan of their naan though, too thick and chewy and heavy. Also, we waited half an hour for appetizers and an hour for our actual food! Not cool.. We were almost ready to up and leave and go somewhere else. Not recommended on a sunday night..
I do not claim to know anything about quality Indian cuisine, but this is GOOD FOOD!  I haven't braved the Vindaloo yet (I think I'm too white) but everyone raves about it.  The Chicken Tikka Masala is delicious and I seem to recal the lamb in spinach sauce was good.  The lunch buffet is wildly popular, but don't plan on moving for a few hours afterwards, you'll definitely overeat.
So good!  This place is the best I've tried in the South Bay, better than Amber (which was previously in the lead for me).  The Navrattan Koorma is amazing, and the Lamb Curry was delicious too.  Good naan and rice, perfect portion sizes.  The service was attentive, the only downside was that it was a bit loud in there during dinner.  I will gladly put up with a bit of noise to enjoy this food again, though, highly recommend!
I agree with Jon.  Always tasty, but check out palo alto online ( http://pizazz.paloaltoon... ) for coupons.  Darbar always has one posted there.
This is probably the best indian restaurant I've had near Stanford.  I always eat the butter chicken, or chicken tikka masala, really delicious.  Also with a Stanford coupon you get to buy one entree and get one entree free.  Their nann is awesome, goes really well with the butter chicken curry.  I've also had a lunch buffet there once, price is decent and nice selection of dishes for the buffet.
This place is delicious! I have not ever had anything that I did not like!
I had a late lunch and was lucky enough to try their lunch buffet. I seriously don't know what I ate and pretty much grabbed a little bit of everything. The food could have been warmer and the lamb was a bit dry. Their flat bread was my favorite. I forgot the exact price, but it was a little over $20 for two people. I thought it was a good deal for a lunch buffet.
Busy night on a Saturday... Ordered Samosas, Prawn Masala (skimpy on the shrimp), Palak Paneer (creamed spinach), and it came with rice and naan (opted for garlic naan & some nut naan). Delicious! I think my clothes smelled like Indian food afterwards.
My favorite Indian Restaurant in the area. Never had the lunch buffet, this review is for the dinner only. I frequent here for both dine-in and take-out. The chicken biryani, palak paneer, aloo matar, navarattan korma and butter chicken are amazing. While its not especially cheap, the amount of food is enormous. Every dish comes with rice, nan, and a mini lentil soup type thing (can't remember the name) so come hungry. Love this place, great for a mellow, no frills night out.
Being the closest restaurant to my work, I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the lunch buffet, and the fresh naan is decent.  I will still walk extra to Hyderabad Cafe or  drive to Amber Cafe when I can however as they are a notch above.
Great food.  Five stars for an Indian buffet.  Spicy, flavorful and a good quick bargain.  I would like to try it out for dinner some night!
I chose this place for dinner based on the recent Yelp reviews. However, I have to say that I didn't completely agree with most fellow yelpers. Ordered vegetable samosas - parts of the dough on the inside were not completely cooked and flavor was bland. Chana masala was good but nan was average and basmati rice was dry and flavorless. Staff was okay. I'm not planning on going back.
Got take out from here the other night. Had the Saag Shrimp. The spinach part was great but the shrimp was a little rubbery. Prices are pretty high for what I consider to be simple food (cooked in one big pot, right?). The portions were generous and I was happily surprised that my order came with dal, naan, rice and raita. I will come back but will continue to look for a more reasonably priced option.
This place is so delicious I can't even describe it.   My favorite part, however, is that when you order one dish, you get the main dish, rice, dal  (lentils), and yogurt.  The Dosa, which is really inexpensive is out of this world and will fill you up.  A great, family owned business.  Happy eating!
It's fine, but nothing is great.  Janta up the street is a bit better (though still not great).
Chicken Vindaloo sauce very dark and strong, almost too complex (perhaps to mask lack of freshness--read on), pilau rice pretty bland. Chicken tandoori was fine, but garlic naan pretty greasy. Mango lassi was too small. Each order does come with naan, rice, dal and raita. Take out for three cost us almost $54, including really bad indigestion at 3 a.m.
Reliably fabulous. ALways a great lunch buffet. Food is well prepared, warm, and the people are nice. Go here. Avoid horrible Janta down the street. You will thank me a zillion times over for recommending this one instead of that one.
Consistently good, filling Indian in downtown Palo Alto. Check for good coupons (always available online, with even better ones in the Stanford phone book). We like the keema chole.
So far my favorite Indian restuarant. The staff is really cordial and they serve you with such impeccable timing. The wait doesn't feel like a wait at all. The food is extremely tasty, I love it. The chana masala is my favorite =)
Love this place! I frequent it often when I'm hangin out around here. It's very clean and a good buffet for lunch. Dinner is awesome too. The service is excellent during the lunch hour for such a busy time and dinner time service is pretty good too.
I heard so much about this place that we finally decided to check this place out...it is supposed to be voted as the best Indian place in Palo Alto gazillion times over...I don't know what the fuss is all about...I am not saying that the food is bad. But I prefer Amber restaurant in mountain view better for the buffet.. and if I just wanted to eat Indian food in Palo Alto I would go to Hyderabad House..they have the bestest biryani in this part of the bay and they also serve Indian beer and Indian wine..so I would def encourage everyone to cross the street back from Lytton where Darbar is and get to Hyderabad House in Univ avenue.
This is a great place.  My husband and I eat here often for dinner when we crave Indian food.  The staff is friendly, we have never had to wait for a table, the portions are great, and the food is incredibly tasty.  They also give you a complimentary potato appetizer.  My favorite dishes are the Chicken Tikka Masala , Aloo Gohbi, and the Chicken Sagwala.  Even better, you can get a coupon off Palo Alto online.
Best indian food in PA, period. This definitely rivals Chaat Paradise in every category except price, and considering its in Palo Alto, its actually pretty cheap. Pretty health options too, you can tell they don't overload on butter and ghee when compared to a lot of similar style places. Will be going here quite often.
OMG I love this place. It is scrumdidlyumptious. I go for the lunch buffet and eat everything from the naan to the tikka masala to the fried vegetables..I leave here so full and content that I don't even want to go back to work, but I gotta.  My only request would be to bring more naan before I run out. I love naan. Guess i gotta have Indian for lunch.......
Flavor here was just ok, the portions were large. The pakora masala is interesting, especially the bread which reminded me of the Ethiopian bread injera, stuffed with tumeric spiced, but kind of bland, potatoes. I'm not sure what the yellow side sauce was but it tasted like uncooked falafel. Chicken masala was kind of tough and too tomatoey. Naan was good.
Really delicious food and a nice atmosphere.
pretty good lunch buffet... there are better indian lunch buffets, but this is one of the few that has meat. all the meat dishes are decent, but a little sauce-heavy.  the side dishes are so-so compared the vegetarian buffets.  although i do like the spinach dish, even though we all know what it looks like... the naan is really good and they'll bring you more if you ask. a little gulab jamun for desert is good too. they could use a variety of chutney's, and raita needs some work...
Well, if you are going alone just to have some good dinner all by yourself this is not a place for you. These people do not entertain if you are not going to make a bill of a certain amount. As of food pleaseeeeeeeeee there are a ton of better places around e.g. Amber(Mountain View), Amber Chat Cafe, PassageToIndia
Really good indian food. I go here every week. Get the butter chicken with Nan. Compared to Amber and Shiva's, it's relatively much cheaper.
We works at redwood city area and looking for different indian food places. So we take a drive to palo alto this one day and look for this place . Every dish taste unique and I think that is how to tell a good buffet. My fav dishes...tendori chicken Yah...taste and looks delicious without coloring. Curry lamb, whole chunk of goodness. We get a final round of bread. And those are oven fresh...... simply puts it" yummylicious"
Solid place
I love darbar, I highly recommend dining here on a weeknight; it's less crowded, quick service with still the same yummy indian food.
I went to Darbar earlier this week for dinner with three friends and thought it was excellent. All of the food was hot and delicious. We had Vegetable Samosa as our appetizer then four enterees - Mattar Paneer, Chana Masala, Butter Chicken and Lamb Sag plus nann and rice. My favorite dish was the Butter Chicken but all had great flavors. Parking was easy, environment was friendly and I would definetly go to Darbar again.
Excellent Indian food! Very, very good menu and good service. The owner is great and makes an effort to get to know his patrons. We're never disappointed there!
Review and rating is for lunch buffet. Very food lunch buffet. lot's of dishes to choose from. Good service.
One of my fav Indian restaurants!
At $12 per person (plus tip), the Monday-Friday lunch buffet is about as good as it gets.  There's a good variety of both meat and vegetarian buffet items, and everything is delicious. My only major complaint is that they can be a little sparing with the naan; they only bring out a single loaf for two people, then you have to ask for more.  It would be much better if they put the naan at the buffet.
This is pretty freaking good. Then again, I've never had legit indian food before, so I don't know what I'm talking about. A bit offtopic: I don't think i'm a synthesiac or anything, but when I eat Indian food I get this sense of big washes of flavor; indian food just bombards you with taste. This is different from most other cuisine, which feels like a more sharp and precise taste. This is hard to describe though, does anyone know what I'm talking about?
I'm Indian, and I really like this restaurant.  It's well priced.  You get naan, dal (lentils), and yogurt with your meal.  I also love the free appetizer (potatoes with chutney).   It's a small and cozy restaurant.  They are friendly too.  I've been there a number of times, and I also did pick-up.  Their food is great in both cases. Also, if you have a sweet tooth, and you like rice pudding, try out the kheer.  It's my fav dessert dish there...
Last Saturday I ate Malai Kofta and Chana Mutter and chicken biryani at darbar and an hour after we left restaurant I developed allergic reaction. I had hives with red welts all over my body and had to rush to emergency hospital at Stanford. They gave me Benadryl and they were gone in an hour. I had Indian food from my birth and was stunned to know I could've been allergic to some of these dishes. I want to know if any one else had similar reaction after eating here. Looking on the internet I found chicpeas (chana) could be the allergen in the food so avoid eating chana based dishes here if you are unsure. http://foodallergens.ifr...
We went for dinner on a Thursday night. Only about 3 or 4 tables when we arrived. Waiter was a little slow to take our order, but food came out very fast once we did order. The butter chicken was fabulous! I would eat that every day of the week. Naan was pretty great too. We would definitely return.
Yum!  I am always in search for a good Indian buffet, and this one is a winner.  Clean, fresh, great variety and just really tasty.  Very busy during lunch hour, but once you sit, you get right to eating.  Hot naan is brought to your table.  $10.95 for lunch and worth it.  Unfortunately, its an hour from my home.
I've been coming to Darbar for the last six years and it never fails to be exactly everything I want when I go out for Indian food. The food is perfectly and authentically prepared and you get plenty of it (including unlimited naan and rice, which is a plus). The service is incredibly efficient and courteous and the prices are just right.  Their 2 for 1 entree coupons are awesome as well (found in the Stanford directory and the Palo Alto local paper). Their lunch buffet is fantastic as well (however I've only had it twice, as I can't be productive the rest of the day afterwards).
I come here very often for the butter chicken and chicken buriani.  Excellent service, constant water refills, great food and great portions.  Try dipping your nan bread in butter chicken sauce or any similar and it's fantastic.  You can also make sandwiches with your nan and put chicken/sauce/rice inside.
Excellent food of both northern and southern varieties for very reasonable prices.  The table was a bit cramped, but that was the only part of the dinner that wasn't five stars.
Wonderful food and friendly service. The dal is superb.
I've gotten take-out here and also done the lunch buffet multiple times. I think this is probably the best Indian food in Palo Alto. The lunch buffet has all your favorites (from chicken tikka to vindaloo and everything in between); is reasonably priced ($10.95 I think); includes free naan. The waitstaff is very attentive with the water refills and naan refills as well. We always leave in food comas. On the take-out, it's the same great quality. I have to admit, the portions aren't huge, but they're adequate. They're pretty quick too (always ready when I arrive hungry 20 minutes after calling). All in all, a very quality indian restaurant
The food was very tasty.  We ordered the chicken tikka masala (highly recommend), the vegetable curry (okay), tandoori prawns (okay) and some kind of pancake.  I would give them a 4 star for the food. The service was a lot less desirable.  I was reading the menu when the waiter came to give us our water.  My napkin was still in the glass and he just slapped the napkin on top of the menu.  The menu fell off my hands!   And just little things like that... after a while it  becomes annoying.  The plates were "dropped/tossed" onto the table.  When we finally walked out of the restaurant, the hostesses were so busy chatting with each other they didn't even bother to smile or say goodbye. I'll probably go there again for the food though
Should have more places like this in Palo Alto. We often come here on weekend nights -- this place is off the beaten University Avenue path, but it has been a good find.  The service can be a little slow, and the dishes are pricy.  However, the food is great. Typically I order butter chicken with some garlic naan. Mango lassies are pretty good too. Again, the only complaint is that it's pricy.
Palak Paneer is DELICIOUS. Such a good flavor!
The food is good, I especially recommend the chicken tikka and chicken korma. The problem is the price. If you eat light and are looking to split a dish then go for it, otherwise expect to pay $15-18 for a no frills meal, more for a drink and appetizer. 3 stars for value for the price
I was in Palo Alto for a job interview and had come a bit early on Caltrain. I realized I hadn't eaten since before noon so I thought I should get something in my tummy before I go into a long interview. When I got off Caltrain I smelled this magical smell that I thought was some delicious Asian Noodle House. It ended up being Darbar and since I love Indian food, I went in! I was planning to get some light appetizers, but they were having a lunch buffet and I thought maybe it would just be faster for me to sit and eat since everything was already made. They had a long line of dishes, with 4-5 veggie ones and 4 different kinds of pakora (meat, potato, fish and another?). Like standard, they supplied the naan. I really liked the cauliflower, potato dish and it's my favorite Indian dish. I also liked the spinach dish but it surprised me because it was really sweet and I've only had spicy ones. There was another spicy dish but I didn't really like it as much as the others. They still were all super good! I am bummed I couldn't stay long and savor every bite so I'm going to come back!
We do quite a bit of to-go from this place during busy weekdays. The food is regular Indian fare. It is a bit oily, and hence not a good choice for regular eating. The taste is good. Usually get Dal with a couple of dishes. All the gravies come with rice or roti. There is nothing really to write home about nor anything to complain, so unfortunately I can't help that my review is so boring!
My friends took me for my birthday this weekend.  I liked the food a lot and MIGHT order for take-out next time.  There were six in our party, four at the door when we walked in.  The hostess said she would have to talk to the manager before she could set up a six top since only four were there...the restaurant was EMPTY (5:30 pm on Saturday).  I cannot really describe the service; I was tense the entire time because it felt like we were being rushed out even before we ordered.  It may have just been our server but it really ruined the entire experience.  At one point, she came to our table while we had food one our plates and said "are you done?" we almost started laughing.  Then she came and and asked us if we wanted coffee and dessert; we graciously declined and went down the street to Satura Cakes where we had a great time. By the time we left at around 6:30 or so the restaurant was filling up, but was not full yet.  Again the food was good but not the service! I might give it another try.
how can you not like a place that gives you unlimited rice and naan with your orders? the portions are huge, too. the food is pretty standard indian fare. you won't find anything that makes you leave teary-eyed in food ecstacy, but it'll certainly satisfy that tikka masala and naan craving you have. the people there are super nice and attentive, too. 4 stars for the homeyness in both the food, and the decor.
Maybe I'm influenced by the fact that this is the first place I ever tasted Indian food, but to me, Darbar is the very best. I know...the Indian food snobs disagree with me. They say there are more sophisticated Indian offerings out there, but I don't know what they're talking about. In the eight years since Darbar showed me the light, I've tried dozens of Indian restaurants in the Bay Area, in London, on the East coast...pretty much everywhere I go. And you know what? Although some do a have a particular dish that shines, (say a good Lamb Vindaloo), it will almost always be offset by a hideous weakness (like soggy naan). The great thing about Darbar is that they do the entire meal just right. The naan is always delightfully crispy, light, and hot, the meat they use is always very high quality, the sauces are zesty, and the rice is done perfectly. And the prices seem right in the middle of the spectrum. The question isn't really whether Darbar is good enough for you--it's whether you are good enough for Darbar. Check it out. You won't be sorry.
Definitely the tastiest Indian in the area, but they keep bringing you naan without letting you know they're charging you for it...boo. I went through six baskets worth on some particularly spicey vindaloo.
3.5 standard fare, good.  very spicy chicken vindaloo (need to mix with raita), baigan bhartha, masala dosa (crisp dosa), prices of course are not as good as sunnyvale places, where i'd rather go.  refilled my water a lot
I don't usually like Indian food, but this place is good.  The buffet has a good enough variety that I can find something that suits my taste.  The chicken dishes are done quite well and the staff is pleasant.
This could be a high 3 or a low 4. I went for lunch and liked the buffet style. The food was good and the service excellent. We had a table for 9 at 1 pm and they were able to seat us right away even though the restaurant was almost full. For what its worth my non Indian friends love this place but my Indian friends say its only okay.
group of 2 seating fast (slow business) lamb sag good chicken curry ok ~20$ went for dinner street parking is easy to find usually
One of the worst places serving Indian food...having tasted food at other Palo Alto/Mountain View Indian restaurant, this one sucks.   I was here for dinner on a weekend.
One of my favorite foods is Indian so I'm a big fan of this buffet!  I frequent this place with people I work with quite a bit.  Staff is attentive about filling the water glasses up and there is plenty of good naan to go around!
my go-to place for indian in palo alto, whether sit down or take out. usually i get the chicken tikka masala and the palaak paneer. comes with rice and naan, cool yogurt thing and another thing.
i could subsist on aloo gobi every day, so this place works for me.  they have a formula for the same dishes at lunch, so if the dishes suit your tastes, you've found a solid restaurant.  i wish it was cheaper during the lunch hour and that naan and water were refilled more often, but darbar still hits the spot for me.
i would have given darbar a four because the food was indeed tasty and awesome (first masala dosa i've had since india that i've liked although it was a little more crispy rather than chewy as i like it) it's the BUGS that was a turn off.  just like muriel said, the food is bangin' and i will order take out here for as long as they're open.  however, i'm not sure i'll be going back to dine-in anytime soon, or ever.
i love their chicken tikka masala, lamb curry, and chana masala!!!
for the price, you can't beat it.  be sure to google search for the 2-for-1 entree coupon-- its always floating around on the web and is worth your while
good lunch buffet. plenty of options and good service. heavy though -- i generally need a nap after.
One of the best Indian restaurants I've been to by far! I've been here twice and it's been quite pleasurable each time. Very nice atmosphere, and pretty classy. We usually order the butter chicken ( made in yummy sauce!), chicken tikka ( clay-oven baked), vegetable samosa, and pakora (deep fried onion fritters). The naan always comes out warm and freshly baked! The rice that the meals come with is fantastic too. We've also gotten the really spicy lamb dish (I don't do lamb, but apparently this place doesn't make it taste like fur. VERY HOT!), the masala dosa (the crepe is too sour for my likings), and the deep fried wheat bread (goes great with the butter chicken sauce)! They also give you these little potato fried pancakes for free to start your meal. They're really on top of filling up water glasses, and they wait for you to finish each course before they bring the next out. My cousin who doesn't have a flare for such cuisine actually enjoyed it! Keep in mind that they close for a couple hours between lunch and dinner (I witnessed a minivan full of Indian dudes walk away in sadness when they saw the closed sign).
This is clearly the best Thai food in Palo Alto.  Also, it's not even that expensive (about $10 per person).  Get butter chicken, it's great.  Be prepared to share a few dishes with a few people.
Consistently good Indian food, and you can't beat the $10 lunch buffet. The food containers at the buffet are always full and the food quality is excellent. The service is also very good with very frequent water glass refills and tasty Naan delivered to your table right after you sit down. This place get's really busy around noon, but the staff is very calm and professional in managing the crowd.
