R&B is one of the better Cantonese/HK-style Chinese food in the South Bay, compared with Hong Kong Restaurant in Mountain View and Kirin Restaurant on Castro. R&B excels when the dining room is quiet. Some of the notable dishes include pan-fried noodles w/ beef and Chinese broccoli and Singapore-style vermicelli. With the recent inflation, prices have gone up to ~$9 per dish from the previous ~$8. Portions are huge, thus a dish can easily be two meals. Service is friendly and R&B accepts credit cards. Dinner is okay...really depends on the chef that particular day...
Came by for dinner the other night and was pleasantly surprised, despite the rather decrepit... Read more 
I live 2 miles away and delivery took 90minutes. The driver got lost delivering an order 2 miles away... Yeah right- get a navigator, guys. No one gets lost anymore- no excuses. Anyway the dish was soggy AND stringy, the potstickers had bone bits in them, and the breaded beef was soggy as well. Yuck.
I've found my go-to nearby Chinese restaurant.  A favorite of Chowhounders, R&B is an unassuming restaurant with minimal decor located on the El Camino Real strip. What R&B does specialize in is solid, affordable Cantonese fare and if you're looking for an uncrowded place to get your seafood and vegetable fix, it's a great choice. Prices are friendly and the menu has a broad array of choices.  We ordered randomly and were quite happy with all our choices: Fish maw and crab meat soup - a generous portion and perfect comfort soup on a cold night. The fish maw pieces were a bit small but tasty and the soup hit the spot. Giant Clams Stir-Fried in XO sauce - this dish was a winner.  I wasn't sure what to expect but the clam meat came pre-shelled out and is stir fried with a fantastic assortment of fresh vegetables, including snow peas and celery. Add in XO sauce and you have a winner. Fish Filet and Bean Curd Claypot - like the dish above, the clay pot exhibited great wok heat.  The fish filet pieces are nicely flash fried and added with the great bean curd.  The whole Claypot is piping hot. Great with rice. Sauteed pea sprouts - a staple and well done here. Quickly wok fried and served with garlic. Good for you too. R&B is a great neighborhood find.  While I'm a fan of the upscale and excellent Taipan, sometimes a lower key place with affordable, delicious cuisine is nice too.  If top choices Saigon in Sunnyvale is too far and you don't feel like making the drive to Cooking Papa, R&B is my choice for the area.  Skip the overcrowded Chef Chu's, the nearby Hunan Homes or Hunan Garden, or even Peking Duck. R&B, we'll be back. R&B accepts credit cards, but not American Express.
RECOMMENDED PLACE FOR STANFORD STUDENTS! I have been going here almost every other day this summer. The food here is decent and affordable. And I love how this restaurant is within walking distance from the Stanford campus. The Great Steam Clam is my favorite, although I have also gotten a habit of ordering their Peking Duck and Steam Chicken to bring home to be eaten over a couple of meals. The restaurant doesn't look too good from outside - they can certainly use better decorations, but the interior of the restaurant isn't all that bad. I enjoy going here for a peaceful, quiet meal with friends, or sometimes even by myself. The staffs are pretty friendly, and always give me free soup and dessert. Definitely a nice neighborhood restaurant that I will find myseld coming back to again and again.
Came here for lunch on a Saturday after reading Yelp reviews. We only ordered two dishes and was surprised that the lady taking our order gave us a complimentary pork short rib soup. Pork short rib soup - cannot complain there were only two pieces of short rib as this dish was free! The soup was simple with good flavor. It was just the way my mom's pork short rib soup tastes like and made me feel home sick! Yuan Yang fried rice - i.e. chicken and prawn fried rice. We were pleasantly surprised when we saw the dish. See the phone I took. The plate was presented with two colors and proteins on each side of the dish. The chicken/onion on one half of the dish had a tomato based sauce. The other half was topped with prawn with some sort of green melons with a light sauce. The rice was only lightly fried with eggs and not oily at all. Sauted spinach with preserved duck eggs - I missed the "Thousand Year Egg" so when I saw this dish with the eggs I immediately ordered it. Huge portion and the spinach was very fresh and the whole dish was not greasy at all. We didn't order the "favorites" based on other Yelpers' reviews but I was pleasantly surprised at how light but flavorful every dish was and the portions were generous. The lady who served us the complimentary soup was so nice, she came back when we finished the soup and asked us if we wanted more. We happily declined as we had too much food to eat! We packed half of the two dishes home for a 2nd meal. Again Yelp did not disappoint and another great find!
Possibly the most reasonably priced, REAL Chinese food in Palo Alto. Don't think about your typical downtown Palo Alto pretentious hot spot like Tamarind or Three Seasons. It's a corner restaurant facing El Camino with a dirty, bright green overhang and a glowing OPEN sign, but it can still fail to be seen if you don't know it's there. It is a little ways from Cal Ave. so it's not somewhere tourists walk past too often, but it continues to bring back locals and loyal patrons. BECAUSE... this place has solid food and great service. As much of a foodie as I am, I can still be very picky about the quality of my food. When I dine at R&B, I'm always carefree. The meat is always lean and clean (I didn't mean to make that rhyme) and the vegetables are never overcooked. I'm sensitive to MSG, and I have yet to feel it's wrath here. Like the reviewers said before me, if you're not too sure what to order, the specials on the whiteboard don't disappoint. My favorite has been their eggplant with fish fillet and their seasonal vegetables they don't mention unless you ask, i.e., sauteed dao miao or sweet potato leaves with garlic. Considering it is still within the city limits of Palo Alto, the food is down right cheap, and you get decent quantities. On top of it all, the couple that owns the place, is so nice. They make you feel like you're at a family friend's place for dinner. But... If greasy, deep fried everything in a thick salty-sweet, ambiguous sauce and some tasteless "chow mein" is what you're after.... Panda Express is right across the street.
I'm all about local businesses and so far I've had no problems with their food..so I'm giving R&B a 4 stars rating :) Honestly, the food is mediocre...it's not the best hongkong style chinese food around BUT the prices are reasonable and the portion is generous. Among a few other chinese restaurant around Stanford and California Ave... R&B is the best and my go to place. The lobster lo mein (it's $14.95 now) is a pretty good deal and pretty tasty. It could be somewhat on the oily side..but isn't all chinese food oily?! You get a whole (small) lobster with the dish and the lo mein is pretty rich.. they cook it in broth..so it's flavorful :) They also serve the "GIANT CLAM" for only $6.95 (was 5.95). It's not the biggest giant clam but it's still good size for the prize. At other restaurants they usually charge by "pound" so $6.95 is a pretty good deal in my opinion and the size of their clam is just right for one person. They do put lots of noodles .. more than the clam..but you do get the whole clam. Their lunch special menus are very reasonably priced too..actually for Palo Alto standard.. it's cheap!! for $6.95 you get steam/fried rice with 1 dish of your choice plus an egg roll and soup. The portion is quiet large too...for smaller stomach ..you can make it two meals! The food usually comes out fast and the restaurant is never too crowded. They never rush you to leave. o, you also get free oranges for dessert :).
I'm writing this in the context of Palo Alto. Obviously there is really good Chinese food in fairly close driving distance, but if you're in Palo Alto, at the time of this review (9/2011), you've got Da Sichuan and you've got this. Da Sichuan is great, but obviously, that's Sichuan style food (lots of oil and tons of spice and sichuan peppercorn). I miss the Cantonese style restaurants I grew up with in Boston and this comes somewhat close. (Also, if you want expensive, you can do Taipan, which has got its strong points). I've only been here for dinner and only had the pea shoots (dou miao), the giant clam, and the lobster lo mien. I loved the dou miao and the giant clam. The dou miao was well sauteed, with strong garlic flavor. Was it super wok-y? Nope, but it's the best dou miao I have found in PA. The lobster lo mien was ok- it's a great deal at $14 and if you want lobster it'll hit the spot. I love those eggy noodles it comes with too. The giant clam was awesome! I loved the rice noodles soaking up all the sauce underneath. The giant clam was clean tasting and had a tender texture with just a little chew. Next time I'm getting soup, steamed fish (whatever is on special), and whatever else the Chinese family next to me is having, along with the dou miao and the giant clam. Atmosphere is a Chinese greasy spoon, but pretty clean, bathrooms are clean, and service is polite. Super excited that this is nearby now.
Yummie Yummie Yummie! I can't help myself when I'm in the neighborhood! Honestly, this place compared to all the other Chinese restaurants in Palo Alto just can't even come close! If you want real Chinese food, and none of that Americanized stuff, then give this place a try! I especially LOVE how this place is all about bang for your buck. For just a little bit of money you get a whole lotta food! I had the general's chicken the other day and still good as ever! And the potstickers here are HUGE. They're not small like dumplings, these are huge, plump, juicy, and oh so tasty potstickers!!! YUMMMIE.
I never thought I would find a place with AUTHENTIC Chinese food other than in San Francisco. After... Read more 
A reasonable Chinese place for Palo Alto, but pales in comparison to say Koi Palace in Daly city or Asian Pearl in Millbrae. Specials on the dry erase board are the best bet. Lobster low mein, Steamed black bass, and steam giant clam are the items to order.
What Chinese mother wouldn't invite all her family and friends to a place on the corner that is easily overlooked with a reasonable price for a ton of food...it's family style all the way and the food never disappoints when you're with a large contingent of people who are trained since birth to eat through 8-10 courses. Just make sure you sit at a table with little kids or people who are on a diet so you can eat to your heart's content. I don't think I've been there with less than 2 tables of 10. Seriously, I must go with just a few friends to see if the food is comparable. But if banquets are any indication - I say - GO FOR IT!!!!!
soooo good!!! The place doesn't look like anything major from the outside and when we went in - we were the only customers in the whole place, so I didn't know if that was an omen or not... There is street parking, but also some spots in the back of the restaurant that could park about 4 or 5 cars. It was excellent though! The tables have nice linen napkins, etc... giving it a higher end feel. There are tanks with live bass, etc... so you know your food is *really* fresh. The menu was very large and well organized. I had prawns in lobster sauce which was excellent and the bf had beef in black pepper and honey sauce - i had some of that and it was also amazingly good! The serving size was impressive, especially for the very reasonable prices!! The delivery and do take out, as well as having lunch specials. We took a menu home so we can keep getting more!
R&B has always looked like a rundown hole in the wall type of place from the outside but the one thing I learned once i ate here was that looks CAN be deceiving.  When i came here a had their famous Lobster Lo Mien, I had the Giant Clams, The Pork Spareribs, and the Sweet Potato Leaves.The Lobster Lo Mien was very nice, with a nice floury crust on every little lobster bit.  The Giant Clams were also very delicious, with the perfect amount of garlic.  I burned my tongue on The Pork Spareribs so please, check with your hand first.  The Sweet Potato leaves were amazing.  I have NEVER had a better vegetable in my life. The slightest sweetness with a little salt and the wonderful flavor of the vegetable itself was phenomenal. After MANY visits, all a great chinese food hunt success, I dare say this is the best chinese food in the bay.
One of my favorite places to eat in palo alto for lunch because their quick and cheap! the decor is a little run down with outdated wallpaper and servers have english as their second language so a little bit difficult to understand at times but ok.  the owner always gives me free soup on my order which is nice of them.. the lunch menu specials are very aggressively portioned and for under 6$ it can feed 2 people.. pok chops/rice mongolian bbq/rice chicken lettuce wraps are my faves.  4/5 judo chops for great food thats very consistent and reliable.
Nice people, fresh food, always good seating and takeout is fast for the quality off food they serve.
This is not a place you go to for some fancy, shmancy yuppie Palo Alto-ian Chinese food.  There is University Avenue for that!  You come here when your salty-greasy-food-coma-inducing- Chinese- food tooth has been activated. I visited this place on my lunch break because I wanted some MSG goodness.  I ordered the Kung Pao Prawns lunch special for $7.95 and it came with a fried vegetarian egg roll, which I smothered with sweet and sour sauce, a bowl of hot and sour soup, fried rice and my entree.  I ate half and had leftovers (YAY!).  Dessert was orange slices and a fortune cookie...pretty standard but definitely SOLID. Coworker got Spicy Szechuan Chicken (VERY GOOD) and another got Fried Black Pepper Pork (PHENOMENAL).
I have been here about 5 times before (Wangs) and had pretty decent food. Today, Nov. 30, 2010, the outside temperature was 56 degrees. Inside the restaurant it was approximately 60 - 62 degrees ! Note to the wait staff:  If you see your customers still wearing their heavy coats while eating it means that they are cold.  I had to keep my down jacket on to be comfortable.  The hot tea cup provided some warmth to my hands. There was no sign of heat in this restaurant.  I know that the wait staff is probably warm from hustling around, but damn it, they need to get a clue and "read" their customers. A simple temperature gage in the dining area would be helpful. Oh, and the food?  Tomato-beef chow mein - was just so so.
Alright, this place ain't as great as I originally yelped. We came the other night with our extended brood and tried their $88 family menu for 6-8 people.  Granted, we came on a weeknight but this place was completely empty except for a smattering of folks picking up take-out.  When we arrived, we were greeted warmly by the owner who chit-chatted with my parents and in-laws about coming from neighboring villages in China.    My mother-in-law is allergic to prawns so we asked to sub out the walnut prawns with sauteed pea shoots.  Despite the lack of warm bodies, we all looked forward to a good meal.  Unfortunately, there were quite a few duds. The seafood soup was a little light on salt but what really made us lose our appetite was the foil lid my dad fished out of his bowl.  The scallop and squid dish that came next was not too bad - flavored well and not too greasy.  The sauteed pea shoots were terrible - the shoots were way too woody and should not have been served.  Also unappetizing was the soy sauce chicken which was an unsavory shade of gray and over-cooked.  My sneaking suspicion is that they defrosted this baby straight out of the freezer and steamed the hell out of it.  My favorite two dishes were the sweet and sour spareribs and mixed mushrooms with choy sum.  I feel like this place has the potential to make good food but the kitchen was very lazy the night we went.  For god's sake, we were the only table there - make sure we want to return! Because this is a mom and pop establishment, I am going to give this place 3 stars.  I am hoping we went on a bad night and they will rise up to the occasion the next time we visit (which might be a long time from now).
Finally  -- a solid, old-school Cantonese family-style restaurant a hop, skip, and a jump from my... Read more 
Pretty good (minus the msg and sugar) I got the oxtail--it was pretty good except a bit too sweet for my tastes (I'm really sensitive).  The mapo tofu with pork was also good, as is their (steamed?) fish. The chef's special pork ribs are deep fried (didn't know), but also good in that junky fried chicken way, though a bit too greasy. If anyone can actually order their duck tongue, I'll be impressed. (first time, they checked and it was out. second time, their excuse was because my non-asian friend wouldn't enjoy it (wtf?) so recommended against it. I asked for it anyway and the truth came out--they were out).
Went for dinner a week ago and it was great. The place had only a few customers which is a shame since it has great food, large portions and moderate prices. The seafood hot and sour soup is a must try, loaded with seafood and very flavorful. They go a bit heavy on garlic on many dishes so tell them if you want less. They will spice it any way you like. They do a good job, dont skimp on portions or ingredients and the service was friendly and attentive. The veggies in the dishes were very fresh. Give R&B a try. You wont spend a fortune and you'll have a good Chinese meal. Suggestion to R&B: get rid of the cheap plastic water glasses, real glass looks a lot classier.
Ate there tonight and liked it. The place was empty so service was attentive, friendly and fast. The... Read more 
For a Chinese restaurant, this place had really good service! The waitress checked in with us regularly, filled our water and tea without prompting, brought us take out boxes without us having to ask. It was amazing!  The food is decently priced and pretty good. I ordered the Westlake soup which was delicious and the beef chow fun. Very good for the price!
Went here today for lunch.  Have been to this place many times under prior ownership, wanted to see what's new.  As usual for Chinese restaurants in this area, they have a lunch special menu.  Don't know if they're trying to steal business away from other places in the area, but the prices are LOW!!  $6.95 for most items, including soup and an egg roll. AND THEY HAVE AN ASSORTMENT OF PORRIDGES ON THE LUNCH SPECIAL, which is kinda rare for Palo Alto.  Didn't try them this time, saving that for next time. My group  had:  chicken with string beans - perfectly cooked. Fish filet with garlic eggplant - fish pieces were fried first, then mixed with the traditional garlic eggplant dish.  Very good. Curry fish filet - same type of fried fish pieces as in the eggplant, mixed with onions and green peppers in a curry sauce.  Great! Worth coming back to.
Yummy yummy
I lived in College Terrace neighborhood a year before my fiance finally convinced me to try this place with him.  It looks run down from the outside, and the inside decor isn't much better.  But, I really like this place.  I was going to give it four stars out of pure snobbery, but then I thought about all the other Chinese food places I've been to nearby and I can't think of any that I like that much more.  Taipan?  Yummy but small portions and way expensive.  Hunan Garden?  Only the hot and sour soup was good, which is usually a good indication, but not here.  Peking Duck House?  We only go there for the Peking duck.  Fu La Mum?  Uninspired, sterile food.  Queen's House?  Home cooking gone wrong.  Koi Palace?  Dim sum is a different beast, though that stuff is good.  I can name more, but you get the picture. The walnut prawns here are phenomenal (though the dish itself is so Americanized, like lemon chicken or General Tso's, it's hardly Chinese food), so crispy and they come out of the kitchen piping hot.  The hot and sour soup and the beef soup are also very good.  I wouldn't call this place home cooking, it's a little more production-type embellished than that, but it is close and very good comfort food. The servers are very nice.  Sadly, it isn't that busy when we go, but you know how sometimes when a place isn't busy the staff slacks off and talks in the corner?  It isn't like that here, they are attentive and helpful with menu suggestions.  Also, even though it isn't busy, you don't feel like the servers are hovering or overhearing your conversations.  I feel very comfortable here, almost like it's my living room, though I would totally redecorate it if it were. Finally, the food comes out fresh and fast, and they end your meal with a little bit of sweet, such as fresh oranges, or red bean soup (they make it so good here). We've been here a handful of times now and it is definitely our go-to place for some down-to-earth Chinese food, great service, and excellent prices.
If you've heard of Creme de la Creme, then this place is crap de la crap. Aside from the standard sticky dishes, dirty bathrooms and mildew smelling napkins that may be characteristic of a Chinese hole-in-the-wall, the food was extremely marginal. Honestly, I can take the presentation and environment being sketch if the food can compensate. It cannot, game overs. I came here for Chinese New Years with my family and I'm abundantly thankful that my family is humorous and the company was good otherwise it would have been Chinese Crap Years. Shark fin soup with abalone had one string of shark fin and a piece of abalone about the size of half a dime (I had two bowls too).  Not worth it. Chicken with colorful chips - dry chicken, stale chips. Veggies - Found a hair in the veggies - a black one that had the tip bleached - gross. Long story short, I'm just really glad Chinese New Year is about the family and not the food.
This place is OK. It's not bad, not excellent, it's just OK. I've been to a lot of Chinese food places in my day and just didn't see anything here that I haven't seen in a bunch of other places. I ordered the Beef and Tofu dish off the lunch menu. The beef was good but, the tofu was a little rubbery. I didn't even know it was possible to do that to tofu! I wound up wishing I had ordered the dish my friend got. It was the won ton soup and it was gorgeous!! Chalked full of bok choy, chicken, seafood, won tons , noodles and other vegetables, if I lunch here again that's what I'll have!! I will give the place another shot. The staff was nice, the menu affordable, the restaurant was clean and conveniently located. Just keep in mind that its close proximity to California Avenue dictates the need to go early! The area draws an amazing lunch crowd which makes parking a challenge.
Love this place for the authentic Chinese food.  Has a delicious crispy frog, and a great porridge selection for lunch. I came here for Chinese New Year with a group of friends.  The waiter was fantastic-- funny and entertaining.  It was a great experience.  The dinner deals for 10 people are a steal.
Update - so this has become our usual spot now cause it's close by and they have good soup of the days. The dishes are always very large.  Husband likes the more Americanized dishes such as sweet and sour chicken.  I'm mainly there for the soup of the day and fried rices (fu kin fried rice, yang chow fried rice) and clay pots (beef, mellon with scallops).  Still trying out different items each time.  I'd say the soup is what brings me back - great when you're feeling under the weather. ----- Yeah.  I'm happy there is a Cantonese style place so close by in Palo Alto.  We only got two dishes so far, but they were good: (1) Westlake beef soup and (2) Braised bamboo pith + mushroom + tofu.  Both were not too heavily flavored, which I like.  We will definitely come back to try out more dishes.  So far, this place gets our approval.  I do have to say that service was ridiculously slow - but we didn't have any where to go, so it was all good.
I miss Wang's!  The prices under the new ownership are more reasonable, but the food is not as good.  I had prawns with lobster sauce, and it tasted fresh but had a lot less egg than what I'm used to getting as someone who admittedly knows next to nothing about Chinese food.  I was really craving a richer flavor and it made me sad because I was always really happy with whatever I got at Wang's. The other thing is that I ordered takeout, and picked it up without noticing that they hadn't given me any rice with my order.  It was ready very fast, which was definitely never the case with Wang's, but I'd rather wait for better food.  I'm guessing others agree and that's why they're not as busy!  I'd give two and a half stars if I could, but I think I'm being harsh because I'm comparing it to a place I really liked--three is probably right.
The owner of Wang's has sold his business to become a restaurateur in China (oh no, where will I get my Cha Jang Mein and hilariously horrifying fortune cookies in Palo Alto now?) but the new restaurant that has opened in its place is quite good too. R&B is a more traditional Cantonese style Chinese restaurant. (Wang's was a Chinese-Korean restaurant.) Their beef chow fun is excellent, and their ma po tofu is spicy just the way I like it. Take out portions are huge.
R&B Seafood Restaurant is a newly remodeled establishment that was once called Wang's.  The remodeling made the restaurant appear more spacious and bright.   There is a small lot in back, but I don't recommend parking there.  There is usually plenty of on street parking. Spicy Szechuan chicken. $7.95 Tender battered and deep fried covered in a sweet and sour based sauce with some red chilies added.  Served with zucchinis, onions and bamboo shoots.  Not really what we were expecting. Pot stickers $6.25 for 6 pieces Thick skins.   Light on the flavor.  Bottom was browned, but not crispy like you normally find in pot stickers.  Sauce is not served pre-mixed in a bowl instead of the usual bottle of chili oil and white vinegar. Salt pepper pork chops $6.50 Tender and flavorful, but more salt then pepper. The lunch specials all comes with soup and egg rolls. Hot sour soup-  Spicy and thick.  Good heat, but not that sour. Egg rolls (veggie) - Good flavor, flakey skin (perfectly cooked), egg rolls were a good size and hearty. Restroom - Men's Bright and spacious. Very clean. Sky light over the toilet is interesting, bordering on slightly disturbing. The light tan tiles on the floor and walls make the room seem cheerful, if that can be used to described a bathroom.  Only ding would be, the seat cover dispenser was not affixed to the wall, but jammed between the back of the tank and wall.
First off there are not too many Chinese joints in Palo Alto. If there is its the same sh^t hole, bad service and dirty establishment. R & B has no parking, when you walk in it smells like fresh paint. There is really no decor to give the place excitement or give you something to do while they take 30 minutes to prep your one dish. The brought a tea kettle with no cups, then they bring my co workers lunch, fried rice and chicken asparagus, then she ate and was almost finished when they finally served my dish, fried rice and sweet n sour pork. When I asked where my dish was the owner ( short, dyed orange hair asian guy) Yelled to me on the way to the kitchen that it was coming. I'm like what is this Mel's Diner and Flo is tellin me to kiss her grits?? Anywho, food wasn't all that, service sucked, parking sucked.. 1 star cause I have no choice
this place is not bad. not sure why its empty during lunch time. IT used to be called WAngs. The lunch specials are huge portions compared to other chinese places. They also give you fried wonton and soup and dessert (orange + fortune cookie) yea I recommend this place.
Very fresh seafood, especially if you order the fish special.  Steamed the fish perfectly which is not as easy as it sounds.  Friendly service, very decent prices.  Deco is ol' school hole-in-the-wall Chinese place but perfect for family dinner.  Also, very clean bathrooms, way above average here.
Average food. Crab e-fu noodles disappointing. Crab was in clumps and clearly nowhere near fresh, noodles too soggy. Chicken double mushrooms too salty. Combo wonton soup average. Wouldn't come again. Wait staff seriously lacking in social skills. Price too much for what you get.
Good large-order take-out tray food --- at a good price and delicious Chinese style for everyone if you are organizing a large event. Eating inside is not that delicious compare to other nearby choices.  Also, their business is not so well in night.
good
Solid cantonese food. Some of the best in Palo Alto. Not as good as Mt View or SF, but it is Shallow Alto after all. Friendly service. Clean. Nicer  inside than it appears from the outside. Good vegetable dishes (pea shoots, etc)
Good value cantonese food with an emphasis on seafood.  The exterior of the restaurant looks shoddy, but don't let that deceive you on the quality of the food inside. I had the giant clams, lobster lo mein, empress chicken and scallop fried rice.  all were prepared very well.  the giant clams are very tasty with the different condiments mixed together in a balanced and delicious way.  the lobster lo mein was well textured with a very fresh lobster/seafood sauce.  the empress chicken was 'yellow feather chicken', which are higher quality chicken that are not fattened like typical american factory farm chicken so the result was a moist chicken with good texture.  the scallop fried rice was also well prepared. add to that a free and delicious soup that's well boiled and comparable to paid soups elsewhere, free and tasty red bean soup dessert and a modest bill even for seafood, R&B is a good choice for economical cantonese seafood for the PA/MV/MP area. BTW, the interior is fine.  nothing fancy, but certainly much better than the exterior.
seven days a week lunch special eleven am to two:thirty pm...sunday afternoon and quite empty...having to ask for "specials" menu...only given regular entree menu at start...pot of tea standard and ask for ice water...browsing menu and skimming descriptions...general chinese and seafood...question if a spicy dish can be made non-spicy...told sauces pre-made...unable to accommodate...placing orders and waiting...interiors quite drab and empty...few tanks with live sea creatures...complimentary soup just for broth....fried egg rolls and red saucing too...hefty portions delivered...finding the braised beef ramen near $eight the same broth from the complimentary soup with just beef, tendon and fat bad noodles loaded...wouldn't recommend...other lunches rice heavy...sauced and unappetizing...just a bad experience?
was visiting my brother at stanford last week, and he took me here to eat.  i liked it so much, that we came back again the next day!  it's your typical chinese food, but it's authentic, done well, and the portions are very large for the price you pay.  the sizzling pepper steak was excellent, and the addition of red and yellow bell peppers was a pleasant surprise.  the fried fish clay pot was also quite tasty, and the perfect dish to eat with rice.  their snow pea leaves and garlic was just what we expected, but the portion was super large!  nothing pisses me off more than paying $10-12 for a plate of veggies and getting a small serving.  didn't have that problem at r&b! anyhow, the most pleasant surprise was their combination wonton soup.  this thing is loaded!  it's a full meal in a bowl, loaded with prawn, scallops, vegetables, and meaty wontons.  their wontons are some of the biggest i've ever eaten...not the kind with all peel, but these are loaded with meat.  one bowl of this is enough to satisfy you for the rest of the day.
Came to this place with a large group. The food was very good. Service was good for a Chinese restaurant. Entrees were served very fast.
After living in China for a year, I can say that R&B's style of cooking is pretty authentic. I visit weekly for dinner and am satisfied with the food. It tends to be pretty quiet, and empty when I go, which is nice because food comes out faster. Parking is street-side, but again, since it's quiet, there is plenty of spacing. It's priced well too.
So I actually didn't order ay dishes that contained seafood, but it wasn't on purpose. Ordered a sizzling beef dish that had a nice flavor, but the beef was a bit too chewy for my taste. Good tofu and service was fine. Next time I'd order a fish dish to sea how the seafood is, willing to return.
Large portions but substandard food. They do not use fresh ingredients and even with no one else in the restaurant took 20 minutes to get the first dish out.
Good HK style chinese restaurant. If you want more "american" style chinese food, please try the other TWO around R&B. Lobster lo mein is good.  Will try out clay pot next time.
We used to come here when it was Wangs, and it was nice because it was near our house and decent chinese food. Now, the food is nowhere near as good, and the place itself is a little sketchy, and completely empty for being a friday night. I would not recommend it!
Large portion. Good food. Cheap price. Very friendly services.
Too bad I cant give no stars. Service was ridiculously slow. I've eaten at enough Chinese restaurants to know what quality food is, and R and B seafood is not. This is overly priced, greasy food. Your utensils are full of grease and old food bits, which says something about the cleanliness of the place. To top it off, they only had 1 live fish in their crab/lobster/fish tank. The rest were dead. This is unacceptable at a "seafood restaurant" May I suggest: Panda Express??
It's very good, real chinese food. I love it
Excellent.  I've been craving for some excellent, authentic Cantonese food around the campus area.  R&B seafood has great choices at reasonable prices.  Ordered the beef chow fun (excellent, large portions, had the 'wok' flavor to it, included yellow chives which made me know this place is authentic), stir fry green beans (fresh and yummy), and Tofu Claypot with 8 delicacies (excellent, fresh tofu, fresh seafood, large shrimp and scallops).  Dinner also came with house special soup, tapioca dessert, and oranges.  All of this for only $30!  Very good service also, food came fast, and restaurant was very clean.  Will come back!
This is the BEST Chinese restaurant in the Palo Alto area! I have eaten here almost a dozen times, and I've never been disappointed.  The service is friendly and the food is not oily.  It's a great restaurant for families and groups or just for a quick bite or takeout. The style is classic Cantonese cuisine.  Don't neglect old favorites like their Wonton Soup, which is outstanding. Some of their best dishes are: Steamed oysters with black bean Garlic pea-shoots (the best I've ever had!) Steamed fish with ginger Chow Fun (if you order chicken chow fun, make sure you ask for it dry--this is the only restaurant I've ever been to outside of China that makes a fantastic dry chicken chow fun.) Crispy squid (not oily and seasoned just right) For an extra special treat, call a day ahead and order the Sweet Rice Chicken (Lo-Mai Chicken).  This delicacy is a completely de-boned chicken stuffed with seasoned sticky rice with mushrooms, sausage, etc, and deep fried.  If you've never had this dish, you have to try it.  R&B's version is better than anywhere else I've tried in the Bay Area, including the much more expensive Taipan and Fook Kuen. Overall, definitely give R&B a try!  You'll find yourself going back as often as I do.
Perhaps we went on a bad day. It was a Sunday lunch. I once had quite juicy and plump wonton as takeout, but this time on our very first visit, the wonton was not fresh. Every 5 minutes a fly would try landing on our food and succeeded twice much to our disgust. My son found a hair on the wonton. He lost his appetite after that. We also had the lobster lo mein as well as fish congee. These were nothing special. All in all, we were quite disappointed considering the good yelp reviews.
Moved to Palo Alto in August 2009 and have been eating at R&B Seafood every Friday or Saturday since I got here.  I have enjoyed both my take-out and dine-in experiences. The lunch specials were what first got me; they have over 20 lunch specials in the $7 range which are are not only cheap but delicious and largely portioned.  Rice, entree, soup, and an egg roll for $7!  My favorite is the Fried Chicken w/ Sweet Garlic Sauce. Dining-in is a pleasant experience because there is never a wait to be seated (most of the time the restaurant is empty but I have no idea why), the restaurant is clean, and the service is efficient.  Your order always comes with complimentary tea, a free house soup, free red-bean soup dessert, and a fortune cookie.  The beef chow fun,  salt and pepper pork chops, and hot and sour soup are my favorites. Overall, the food is delicious, the portions are generous, the prices are cheap, and the service is quick.  How could you go wrong?  Highly recommended.
I have driven by this place too many times to count and finally decided to take my Chinese food loving kids here for dinner as a special treat. We ordered the crab noodles, which tasted really rotten and nasty. And a chicken broccoli dish, which tasted pretty good. I decided not to fuss about the noodles and focus on the chicken. Suddenly one of my kids pulls a twisted thin piece of metal about an inch long out of his mouth and asked, "mommy, what's this?" Before I can answer, my other child says, "oh, I had one of those in my chicken too but I chewed it up and swallowed it down.. It was really hard". WTF!!!!!!!!!!!!! I took the metal, beckoned the waitress, showed it to her and told her that I was going to the hospital now and that the meal was on them. The kid is OK, and that's good, because legal action was avoided. But, please R&B, for the love of pete, please keep the metal shavings OUT of the food. I'll never go back and will tell anyone who will listen about my experience. yikes.  Oh, and despite the fact that they are a "seafood" restaurant, they have the nastiest fish tank up froont by the door.  It's all algae and no fish as far as I can tell.  My crab noodles tasted like they were garnished with that water.
Small restaurant, highly recommended by friends.   Staff very helpful.  Would recommend the General's chicken.   Will go back!
decent food, but the crab wasn't fresh :(
saturday evening a group of us were visiting a friend in palo alto. we were craving chinese food and he mentioned to us of a new place on el camino, we thought it was chinese food how expensive could it be. we went there to find a newly remodeled restaurant. they still have the grand opening plants (dont know what they are called, those good luck chinese bouquet things). anyways, the waiters treated us with the uptmost respect and their food was delicious, we ordered; chicken lettuce wrap, ying yang fried rice, salt and pepper steak on sizzling plate, lobster lo mein and i forget what else, but we had a good amount to eat that night. THOSE FOUR ARE MUST ORDERS HERE P.S. if anybody is like me and is digusted by the majority of chinese restaurants bathrooms, this one is new and very clean and i hope they keep it that way.
The food was really bland, no life in it at all.  Decor is also lifeless, typical Chinese restaurant cheap decorations.  They have a really dirty fish tank near the entrance.  Service was prompt but unfriendly.  The only reason I gave it two stars is because there is some value in cheap voluminous food even if it is bland.
Went there on a recommendation from a friend.  With all the recent low ratings reviews, I braced for a lesser experience.  It was our daughter's birthday, so the 7 of us went there for dinner last night. It's in a nice/easy access part of town--Palo Alto, how can you go wrong?--but it's a stand-alone restaurant, kind of obscure, and the parking lot behind it is very small/narrow.  Inside, the decor is not frilly but very tidy & clean.  Yeah, I agree the fish tank in front doesn't do anything for them--from the other comments I thought it's a large. ugly tank.  It's a small, empty algae'ed up tank that should be put in storage until they have time to spiff it up with pretty fish. We had the $88 dinner + we added the lobster noodle dish.  The waitress was pleasant & accommodating in replacing the fried fish with the peking duck (my daughter's birthday request) with a reasonable extra cost.  Everything was fresh: crab, lobster, walnut prawns.  They did an extraordinary job with the calamari, which was  marinated w/just right amount of salt that made it tasty & fresh. A good chef & good waiting staff this restaurant offers should have more customers than they do.  Maybe they need to do some advertising to compensate for the obscure location? One reviewers mentioned food is bland.  This is a Cantonese restaurant.  Food is not spicy like the Szechuan style, but they're tasty comfort food that you could eat eveyday & not get tired of. I wish this restaurant the best, and hope it keeps up the freshness. The food is really 4 stars; the service pushed it to a 5-star. Give them a try next time you like good Cantonese food that's comfy for your tummy as well as your pocketbook.   :)
food ok.  red bean soup dessert good.
