I have been eating here for years and have never reviewed this restaurant?  Odd. Wonderful owners who go out of their way to accommodate our weird Stanford GSB lunch meetings with 18 people.  Great food.  One of the only places that does General Tso's right. Others I like: Eggplant in spicy garlic sauce Szechwan string beans Tangerine beef Singapore noodles Broccoli and beef Mongolian beef Conveniently located in downtown Palo Alto.
I cam here for lunch because I really like the Mandarin Gourmet in Cupertino. Prawns and honey walnuts - The shrimp is not fried enough to get a nice crisp. The walnuts are not crunchy, but only lightly glazed. Also, there is an orange taste that makes the dish weird. I would not order this again. I really like the same dish at the Cupertino location, but this location ruins the experience for me. I have serious hesitations about returning.
Use to go all the time but they changed their chef, and it wasn't for the best.  Everything I ordered was below par.  I even called to complain, but felt that I got the run around.  And, I never call to complain!   I hope others have called so they get the idea and put somebody in the kitchen that know how to cook Chinese properly.
We've been getting takeout here for 5 years and always liked it, but tonight we were sorely disappointed.  It had been quite a while since we ordered from here, and now I'm kicking myself for not checking these new reviews beforehand.  As some others have mentioned, the new chef has changed the items and not for better.  The cream in the crab cheese puffs was broken, the usual brown sauce on my standard dish was mysteriously replaced with an oily red sauce that mostly just tasted salty and overly spicy, and my fiance's mandarin beef, usually deliciously saucy was just bland. Too bad :(
I eat here all the time. I especially like their Chicken salad and the noodle soup. I love the decor ...it so elegant and the classical music is so relaxing. Everyone that works here is friendly. The quality of the food of late seems better than ever! I always take out of town visitors here and I am never disappointed.
As a beef-noodle connoisseur, I must say it's by far the best beef noodle I've ever had anywhere. The spiciness would not overwhelm you and yet leave your tongue tingling and craving for more. The noodle is chewy and yet not too springy. Just need to have beef tendon added and it'll get a perfect 10 in my book -- the owner promised to work on that.
Highlights of my lunch: Salt and Pepper Prawns:  crunchy, not too breaded, good taste Honey Walnut Prawns:  Not too full of mayo, hint of sweetness, good amount Mongolian Beef:  VERY GOOD, tender, just the right spice level I probably would not order the crab and cream cheese wontons.  I could not taste any crab in them.  They might as well have been cream cheese wontons.
Have been going here all my life, and whenever I'm in the area I try to swing by for take-out. Favorites include honey walnut prawns & pu-pu platter, but nothing compares to the chicken salad.  I am forever chasing it and nothing comes close. Outstanding.
I prefer the Cupertino location but nevertheless this is one of my favorite Chinese Restaurants in the Bay Area. Excellent food, enough space between tables and we can actually have a quiet conversation at this place.
I find the food is generally pretty good, and I have been here many times over the years.  But I had a recent encounter with the owner and he was a jerk.  I bought a Groupon to Mandarin Gourmet but it had expired.  Groupon's policy is that you still have the value of what you paid ($10 in this case), just not the value of the full Groupon ($20).  I explained that to the owner but he refused to believe it.  This was at lunch time. During the afternoon I printed out the language from Groupon showing he should honor the $10 amount.  I went back and showed it to him but he refused to even read what I had printed out and just stated he wouldn't honor it.  His attitude about the whole thing was awful.  I won't be going back.  (By the way, Groupon refunded my $10.  I love their customer service, always prompt and helpful.)
I just spent a lot of money here for a birthday meal and I will not be going back. Started with the Wor Won Ton soup and had to send it back.  The meat inside the wonton was very dark grey and very tough.  All the skin has come off the wontons so you had separated mystery meat and the won ton skin.  There were old mushrooms and big uncooked chunks of carrots, broccoli, and other veggies and the whole bowl of soup was lukewarm.  The nice waiter took it back and sent the manager out.  The manager tried to convince me that there was nothing wrong with it.  We got the Sizzling Rice soup in its place and, amazingly, it was the exact same dish, but without the old wontons and some rice floating on top.  This soup was also lukewarm.    We picked at it, but no one at the table was happy. The other dishes were ok to barely passable.  The Dry Fried String Beans were good.  The Chang Sa chicken was decent.  The Salt and Pepper prawns were not prawns, but small shrimp and terribly overpriced at $16.95.  The prawns in the Prawns with Candied Walnuts were larger, but the dish was goopy with too much mayo to be any good.  The Tangerine Beef flavor was fine, but the large flat pieces of meat were tough and hard to chew and many of the pieces had tendon and gristle that couldn't be swallowed. The whole place has the feel of a restaurant on the verge of closing.  The heat was off when we arrived on a cold rainy day and there was no hot water in the bathroom.  It feels like they are trying to save money anywhere they can.  Makes me wonder about the quality of the ingredients they use. I sometimes get take-out at the San Jose location, but I don't think I will be patronizing any of their locations anymore.
This is my second favorite chinese food restaurant in the area (my first being Su Hong in Menlo Park). Most of the negative reviews of this place seem to be by people who just absolutetly love authentic asian foods. I'm not one of those people. I'm an adventurous person, but not when it comes to food. I have an American palette, and am not tuned to enjoy deeply authentic ethnic foods, at my own loss. However, that said, I know how to pick out restaurants that serve fresh, high quality food that suits my often picky palette. Some of the people that work here seem a little stiff. Perhaps it's because the dining room is often empty, reminding them of a morgue. The full bar is generally as dead as a corpse from the days of King Tutankhamen, why they even have it is beyond me. The attitude seems to reflect that of the few customers who come here, who generally seem a little snobby, and the silence reflects their inability to live a little. I'm generally an experience person, but this isn't the place for that. Expect more action at the senior center. We keep putting up with the lack of atmosphere because of the consistent food, but I do find that we've been getting a lot more takeout as of late. Maybe they need to liven it up and put on some music. If they do so, it'll get my 5 stars. Mandarin Gourmet has served my stomach for many years, and I keep coming back, even with its flaws.
Someone please tell the Hostess that she doesn't have to do this job any more. It is so obvious she is miserable.  Tell her that we realize you are putting in your dues for wasting away your college years by not hitting the books and partying a little too hard.  Tell her that I will be happy to talk to her Dad, who is the owner of this franchise, that she should be free from her obligation and that she has repented enough for her disrespect. We also know that your Dad did not approve of your non-Asian boyfriend and that you were forced to cut ties with the young man instead of running away with him to France to study 'Fractal Patterns in the Paintings of Jackson Pollock'. OK. I made that all up. But I dare someone to come up with someone who is more miserable than this Hostess at Mandarin Gourmet.  Perhaps we should start a new Yelp List "People Who Way Hate Their Jobs".  I swear the icy blank look on her face that greets you can reverse Global Warming.  Does her affect effect my eating experience?  Hell yeah.  You would think the restaurant would actually welcome our patronage. If anything, you should simply walk in the front door to 'experience' what I am talking about. Food: 2   Yes, I would like a little Chinese 5 Spice with my plate of oily fat. Service: 1 or 3.  Depends on which waiter you get.  One of them is clearly the uncle of the Hostess. Decor: 3   I bet in the 80's it was trendy chic. Price: 4   Cheap for Palo Alto.  Expensive for bad food. Noise: 4   Easy to have a conversation and hear others.  I can even hear the hostess think 'Damn!!! Another Customer!!!" Parking: 2   Downtown Palo Alto. Overall: 2   I keep going because my friends hogtie me.  It's gotta end.
Thank God, thank God!  Some place that delivers on Christmas Day. With my parents, brothers, and cousin arriving the Bay Area at 11:45 Christmas day, I was left with finding them food for dinner when they arrive.  I have *no* car.  My parents want *Chinese food*. I spent about an hour calling different Chinese places looking for any place that was open.  After 15 minutes talking to Ming's and giving them my order, they told me they didn't deliver to Stanford's campus. Mandarin Gourmet was a life saver! And the food is good too.
The staff here is ALWAYS miserable!! I only order for pickup, food is good, but I will never dine here.  In a nut shell, crappy service, good food.
I've been here twice and both times have been enamored with the place. Clean. Dimly lit.  Awesome service. Best goddamn sizzling rice soup I've ever had in my life; everything tastes incredibly fresh and not pre-packaged. The broccoli beef made my toes curl in ecstasy. I'm getting hot and bothered just thinking about this places' beef..
Mandarin Gourmet and I have traveled quite a road together. I've enjoyed dates there with the man who is now my husband,  I organized a surprise birthday party for my sister-in-law there 15 years ago and,  my now 8-year-old daughter cooed in a baby carrier next to my table there as I caught up with an old friend.   But as sometimes happens with friends,  Mandarin Gourmet and I parted for a time. I just wasn't spending as much time in downtown Palo Alto as I used to and we grew apart --- until last weekend when I decided to venture back. The same classic interior beckoned.  It all seemed so familiar and pristine.  It was also delicious!  The curry chicken was superb as was the sizzling beef and veggie chow mein.   I wish I could rave about the service though.  I'm not sure what happened.  It all started fine ---- the restaurant was largely empty when we arrived --- but, once the place filled up, the service tanked.  Our waiter never stopped by to check on us or see if we wanted to order another round of drinks --- lost opportunity Mandarin Gourmet, as the answer would have bee yes. To get our check,  we had to flag down our waiter like we were shipwreck victims signaling a rescue plane!  Come on Mandarin Gourmet, is that any way to treat an old friend?
I was going with this guy who's best friend's family owned this restaurant.  I really wanted to go here.  I didn't want to have to pay for it, though.  I knew that if I could go on a double date with my guy and his best friend to this place, it would be free.  My devised plan consisted of convincing my best friend to go out with my guy's best friend, and from there we would all convince him to treat us to his family's restaurant.  Jealous of my plan?  Thought so. The four of us ordered like 8 entrees and split everything...Nothing was good.  For dessert we ordered flaming banana balls.  They lit them on fire at our table.  Entertaining and fun to eat.  They tasted like, well, bananas. The food is not good here.  Except for the bananas.  Hmmm I should come here just for the bananas. The entire experience was enjoyable.  I would not go here if I thought it wasn't free.  My friend didn't get too mad at me for fixing her up with someone that wasn't as hot as her.
Company ordered this for lunch. Had the following: Beef Fried Rice Cashew Chicken & Mushroom Chow Mien Honey walnut Prawns and some Mongolian beef with green stuff. Probably only beats Panda Express by a close margin which doesn't say much since Panda is gross. I don't like this kind of fake Chinese food. The stuff they serve is technically americanized Cantonese food. Yuck for those who think this is good. Felt sick afterwards from all that grease. Fried rice should be renamed into Bland rice. 'Nuff said.
On a night out with my friends, we were all overdressed and looking for a place to eat. In comes Mandarin gourmet. I found the food was fine, nothing outstanding. With ten people I can say I think I've tried a good selection of the menu. Minus one star for the waiter relentlessly asking about our outfits. Minus one for the layer of water covering the floor of the bathroom. Plus one for the decor: Very nice.
Was drawn in by the $6 lunch special sign (take out only.)  I got broccoli with chicken.  It came out really fast. This was without a doubt the single most BORING lunch I've ever had in palo alto.  They simply blanched the broccoli and breast meat in some clear, slightly salty sauce and threw it on rice.  No flavor, no spices, no use of ingredients, no nothing.  Was this dish meant for invalids or people with Irritable Bowel Syndrome?  If so it should have been labeled as such. Even a ton of chili sauce couldn't save this abomination of an excuse for Chinese food. At least the service was fast.. I feel like I only waited about 2 minutes from when I ordered until it was ready to go.  Actually, that scares me.
I grew up on the Peninsula and although I have always heard that Mandarin Gourmet was a good restaurant I had never been until last week. We had a few dishes.  The standout was the Chicken Salad which was excellent.   I also liked the green beans we had. The rest of the dishes (Tangerine Beef and some shrimp dish) were overly sweet for my taste.
Favorite Dishes: Lettuce Cups, Honey-Walnut prawns, Tangerine chicken (Just the right amount of tang and crispiness.. I'm assuming the tangerine beef is just as good) Minuses: The decor feels slightly sterile to me and the environment is relatively quiet (I like to be surrounded by some amount of conversation when I eat), parking in Palo Alto is sometimes a giant pain in the ass, but I can't really fault the restaurant itself for this issue
My friend's parents own the restaurant (as well as the other two locations) so I might be a little biased as I have always gotten my food free. My friend always started us off with a salad--which was always good. The veggies were crisp and the dressing perfect. We always order a lot of meat dishes, which are great in both presentation and taste. This is pretty much perfect "Americanized" Chinese food. So if you're looking for a great Chinese place to please queasy, non-Asian parents or friends, Mandarin Gourmet is definitely the place to go for Asian eats. The aesthetics are great and the service is good. If you're looking for more authentic stuff, look around the San Mateo/Foster City area
I'm torn...I'd say 5 stars for big groups, but 3 stars otherwise.  So 4 is an average.   The food is consistently good, but the wait staff and ambiance are only OK.  More authentic than PF Chang's but nothing like Chinatown in the city. However, the room in the back is fantastic for groups of 10+.  We booked it for a work event, set the menu in advance, met there for cocktails and started dinner at about 6:30.  The food kept coming--great duck, chicken, rice soup, *amazing* fried bananas--for 2 hours.  We had a great time!
This and the one in Santa Clara have the best American Chinese food around. Try some garlic chicken.
This is the _best_ 3 star review I have ever written. So why not 4 stars? One reason: I have only been once. OK then Mister Smart Ass, why write a review at all? Because what I had was absolutely one of the best dishes I have had, bar none, in a Chinese restaurant. Three things were 4 star: 1. The Basil Garlic Chicken -- which I ordered with extra jalapenos was rip-your-clothes-off outstanding. Jalapenos is a tad creative in a Chinese restaurant, and I strongly recommend you ask for extra Jalapenos and if you even marginally like spicy food, you will thank me. Perhaps send me a crisp $100 bill. 2. The Mandarin serves hard liquor. This may sound trivial but as My Devout Followers on Yelp know: I covet a Fine Martini with Asian food which is sadly lacking in Restaurant-land. Why in God's name we must only have beer or crap wine with Chinese food is... well, deeply depressing. The Mandarin also makes an excellent Martini. Gotta love 'em. 3. Max the waiter -- steers you to the plates and is a Righteous Dude. Sit in his section. My group was extremely happy with food off the Chef Specials page but 2 other plates from the main menu rated 3 stars. So I am reserving a Walker 4 stars until further exploration. I also have an honest admission to my Devout Followers. I _love_ China Delight ("China Dee") on Emerson a block away so if you don't want a Martini, I highly recommend China Dee. But for those you like Drinks-You-Can-Light-on-Fire, hit the Mandarin, say "Hi" to Max, and get that Basil Garlic Chicken. And don't forget the $100 bill.
I really wanted to like Mandarin Gourmet.  I had every intention of being quite pleased with it when I set off on the 5 mile bike ride to pick up my take-out. When i got it home to unpack it, it had spilled a bit, but I can't really fault them for that -- they probably don't test their take-out containers for bike rides. What I can fault them for is giving me some disgusting, soggy, sauce-drenched vegetable (Zucchini? Is that even on the menu?) rather than the crispy fried eggplant that I had ordered.  Vegetable X was seriously disgusting and I'd have given them 1 star were it not for the fact that I also ordered the tangerine beef. So, wow, the tangerine beef was incredible.  Maybe the best I've had.  Take that with a grain of salt though because I've spent the last 2 years living in the geographic center of Pennsylvania.  It literally melted in my mouth, though, and the sauce was fantastic.  There may have been a little bit too much sauce, and the lettuce in the dish probably wasn't top-notch in the first place, but there's definitely a skilled cook or two in the kitchen. So I'd encourage take-out people to make sure you've got the right food.  Additionally, the hostess looked at me like "you're seriously not going to give me a tip?"  And I looked at her like, "you seriously think you're going to get a tip for handing me my food in the front of this restaurant?"
Nice setting. Food decent. Lunch special $10 - I guess normal for palo alto. Probably deserves 3.5 stars.
This is probably the best Chinese restaurant in the local area, with a great range of dishes in every category (fish, poultry, beef, pork, etc.)  The Honey Walnut prawns are delicious, and we also recommend the Chow Fun.  The hot and sour soup is made just right, with the proper balance of flavor that doesn't overpower.  Every entree is a delight and of high quality.  We seem to think this is the prize winner of Chinese food in downtown, and the citizens of Palo Alto seem to also agree...MG has won the best Chinese Restaurant award for the last 2 years.  Even the service is solid, which is not usually a hallmark of the genre. Oh, and give the crispy fried eggplant a try.  It's not for everyone, but we really dig it as a veggie appetizer.  I would also advise their seafood, which I believe is a specialty of theirs.
This is a strong 3-star review. The only thing preventing it from 4 stars is the service, which is unoffensive, but uncommitted as well. The restaurant itself is very lovely - it's large and looks quite "fancy," but casual attire is definitely appropriate. Certainly compared to your average Chinese restaurant, this is "gourmet," and thus, the well-suited name. I've enjoyed all of the dishes I've ever had here. Last time I was there, I had the Chang Sha Chicken, which is a quite creative and tasty foil-wrapped shredded chicken dish that blends ginger, cilantro and vegetables; Twice Cooked Pork was also good, though I'd have been happy to see fewer mushrooms (which look quite mysteriously like the pork) and slightly less salt. There are so many great dishes to choose from at Mandarin Gourmet, from old stand-bys to unique creations. And the prices are very fair. All in all, this is a solid restaurant. If they stepped up the service a bit (hostesses are a little stale and waiters/waitresses don't really check back in with you at all during your meal), I'd edge it up to 4 stars.
We have been to one in Santa Clara and tried this one lately. Both have been very satisfying experiences. Their specialty entrees are really well made. It is pleasant departure from the run of the mill Chinese food. Staff is very accommodating. Parking in Palo-Alto is always a problem, so having a valet is worth the extra 5 bucks.
I once brought an Australian vegetarian friend here. He ate the salt and pepper shrimp and called it the highlight of his trip to San Francisco. It WAS that great. Now--it's very good. The Mandarin Gourmet used to be my favorite Chinese restaurant in the entire bay area. Their salt and pepper shrimp were worth a trip down from Marin (if not from Australia!). The restaurant is beautiful, an elegant restaurant with clean white table cloths, the service is excellent, fast, attentive, and the food is still delicious--but not as exquisite as it used to be. For example, the famous salt and pepper shrimp which used to be simple, unadorned, amazingly buttery, is now battered--again still delicious, light, not greasy, but not the transcendent dish it once was. The pot stickers were unexceptional. The tangerine beef, always a favorite, was still great--but lacked the candied tangerines in the dish itself. Parking was fine, there's a lot across the street and I actually found street parking--and this was on a Saturday night. The bill for two was $42 with no drinks. Now--the Mandarin gourmet is still one of the nicest Chinese restaurants in the bay area, and still an elegant place to have dinner right off of university on Romana. But it's no longer worth a drive down from Marin. But if you're in Palo Alto and want a lovely Chinese meal, I recommend it.
Well it took over an hour for my delivery to arrive. The food was good, but I was a little disappointed that there wasn't rice served with my "chef's special." It was just the chicken. I also was under the impression that delivery was free, but there was a $5 charge. Maybe I would eat here again if I picked it up..
I used to really love this place, its nice and presentable. The food is good quality. I love their Chinese chicken salad, its smothered with ground peanuts and this bomb ass dressing. Until today. The food is still fabulous, but they no longer accept Passport cards for the lunch specials. BOOOOOOOOO!
The food is standard chinese fare. The difference is that this place has a decent decoration and nice table setting. And.. you get to pay for it.
I really love coming here. My family started coming here when I was in high school, and it's still a great place. I especially recommend the shredded pork.
Mandarin Gourmet  is the Peninsula's version of China Chili in Fremont, and the characteristics (and my review)  are surprisingly similar. I have been going to Mandarin Gourmet (MG) for well over a decade. Other reviewers are correct. MG is not truly authentic (much less spicy), but is also not overly westernized like PF Changs. For me it strikes a good balance. I tend to get the same thing (tangerine beef, kung-pao chicken, house special fried rice) every time. While being a bit of an oxymoron (upscale Chinese) the food is consistently good (made with larger proportions of quality ingredients i.e. meats with no gristle fat pieces and plenty of nuts; and less low end fillers like celery and water chestnuts). Also service is very efficient and the food is prepared very quickly. I have repeatedly ordered food (2-3 different dishes) at the front desk and had the takeout bag in my hands in less than ten minutes flat. No early phone ordering necessary. Some of the other dishes I have tried over the years suffer from a 'sameness' regardless of main meat type (chicken/pork/beef/shrimp) due to the use of the same sauces  (the brown one especially) over many dishes. The decor at MG is a little past its prime.  While clean, it is also somewhat dated, with that late 80s - early 90s feeling to the carpet, bar and the booths. While there is a full bar, getting a 'real cocktail' can be hit or miss. I usually opt for a beer to remove any opportunity for drink preparation randomness. The atmosphere feels much less crowded and less noisy than other typical Chinese places. This is good for me since I prefer to not have to yell over the din of the kitchen and the screeching of large squabbling Chinese families to have a conversation, as in other "more authentic" places. Price is a little higher than at other Chinese places, but heck it is Palo Alto and they don't skimp on ingredients.
I have been to Mandarin Gourmet a few times with a large work group and the experience has always been good. It was a good enough experience to try their take out service when I'm craving chinese food. For almost a week straight I was there getting take out in the evening. I've had the vegetarian spring rolls which are good, the broccoli with garlic sauce, very good...mu shu veggie, excellent and lettuce cups, also excellent. There are only two problems with this restaurant. First the parking in Palo Alto at night just to run in and grab the take out is almost impossible. Second and this is going to sound silly....I love my fortune cookies with my meal. I warned you this is idiotic! I look forward to that darn fortune and when there isn't a cookie in the bag it can dampen the entire experience. Sometimes there is one cookie. Other times there are three. But NO COOKIE?! Hurts me.
Ehhh, it was good, but expensive. The decor is killer.  The coca cola classic? Not so much.  (I think the syrup had run out) ;)
LUNCH review here. Never been for dinner. The standards I set are a bit lower for lunch. Quality of food, speed of service, a reasonable price - these are the things I like in a lunch. Mandarin pushed itself over the 3 star mark for me based on consistency. - Always seated quickly - Never had any awful experience with a mean waiter, etc - Always served quickly - The dishes taste consistent as well - Consistenly well priced Drink: tea on the house which is a nice touch Starter: Very nice hot and sour soup, egg roll that is fried as it should be but not overly so. Good sauces. Main: Ive ordered almost all of the lunch specials to try (chicken and seafood ones) and they have all been good. Didnt get dessert so cannot comment here. The food will not blow your mind, so dont read this review as such. But for an excellent lunch experience, good food, good service, and an incredibly reasonable price for what you get in downtown Palo Alto (I believe it's almost the same price as a burrito at Andale nearby): 3.75 stars, rounds up to 4.
My parents are big fans of Chinese and Thai food. For Father's Day, I found this place on Yelp and decided to take my parents to see if it passes  muster. We arrived at around 6:30pm to find that it was pretty sparsely full. We ordered Vegetarian Chow Mien, Dai Chain Chicken, and Mushroom and Tofu (hold the Tofu) and two Singha beers. My dad, who for whatever reason is a vegetarian, doesn't like Tofu which I  find to be super limiting when it comes to vegetarian Chinese food, but whatever... Consequently, the mushroom dish just tasted like mushroom soup with large pieces of sliced mushroom which is ok, but really not anything special. However, applying copious amounts of red chili apparently livens up everything. The Dai Chain Chicken was quite tasty. Unexpectedly so. I wonder what else is unexpectedly good on that menu.
I used to love Mandarin Gourmet; it was one of the best consistent Chinese restaurants in the area, although a bit over priced. Went there tonight for the first time in several months and the quality of the food has gone WAY down. They just got a new chef, and rather than the subtle flavorings of past, now everything is covered in heavy salty gravy sauce, which is overly flavored. I did not enjoy any of the dishes that we had, and will not be going back.
Up in Palo on business and looking for some good Chinese food.  After walking up and down downtown Palo I finally saw a place that was kind of hidden but looked traditional. Mandarin is not a Chinese Chinese restaurant, it is a Chinese American restaurant.  You will find the sweet and sours, the General Tso, and the typical fried rices. I started out with my usual appy Hot and Sour Soup.  It was very well balanced and they did not corn starch the soup like most places do.  I then switched over to my main course.  I decided on Sesame Chicken and some Pork Fried Rice.  I know, not really exciting choices but like I said this is more American Chinese.  My Sesame Chicken was good and fresh but was a little to sweet.  The best thing about the dish was that the chicken was lightly dusted and fried, not caked with batter like have seen at a lot of places.  My Fried Rice was smokey in flavor and not overly greasy.  The pork was diced very small which is good because that is the way I like it. Overall Mandarin offers good fresh food and decent prices.  It is not outstanding food but good American Chinese food.  I will be back here for sure when I have a craving for some good Chinese.
They deliver.  I would typically order some sort of noodles, some sort of beef dish, some seafood something-er-other and friend rice of some type and maybe some spring rolls or something for good measure... yes i know, typical suburban white boy Chinese food ordering but whatever, that's what this place was to me, a place to get Americanized but not nasty Chinese food that would be brought to my door after a few beers. 2 stars but really 2.5... the food is probably 3 but its a bit pricey for my liking.
Mandarin Gourmet is not the best chinese food in Palo Alto. Not unless you don't really know what good chinese food is. Perhaps if you go to the restaurant it would be better, but the delivery was horrible. Not the amount of time it took to get the food, the food itself. It had very little flavor and I kept having to chew my food. No, not chew as in "I swallow everything whole"...chew as in "how long have I been chewing this? is it rubber?" Not even good American Chinese food. Seriously. I'm worried if you think this is good. I feel like maybe I should cook for you or something. Listen, Palo Alto has many choices. Maybe not a lot of delivery choices, but you can at least find better choices.
There are a few dishes that I would go back for. Their sizzling rice soup is pretty good. The tangerine chicken which was yummy, didn't like the General Tso's Chicken dish that much. Some of their veggie dishes are on the salty side. The service is not great but ok.  I like the ambiance and the decor, though as a restaurant it is pretty quiet. It is a little over priced compared to the other Chinese restaurants where you can get decent food by paying less.
What sets this restaurant apart from so many others in downtown Palo Alto is the freshness of its food.  I regularly order their lunch special which is reasonably priced, and prepared quickly-usually in under 10 minutes.
Mandarin Gourmet is a very clean, welcoming restaurant. My waiter was very kind and attentive. I would recommend the Sizzling Rice Soup and Mandarin Beef for anyone trying this place for the first time.
I have been eating at Mandarin Gourmet for many years now.  I like the place because it is very clean.  The food is fresh and taste good. The service is also very friendly.  I love their eggplant dish and their soup the most.
My family & I enjoy the food @ Mandarin Gourmet Palo Alto very much. Really good service with personal greetings from the owner to ensure the quality of food & service. Price is reasonable to us. Great dinning experience. My daughter loves the pot stickers. I think their hot & sour soup is the best in the Silicon Vally. The Basil chicken is really delicious. The BBQ roasted pork rib is the best!! We would love to go back soon again!
I can't say I've tried too many Chinese restaurants in PA but if a friend dropped into town and demanded we go to the best Chinese restaurant I know of or else embarassing stories of my past are brought to light, I'd take them here. Slightly more pricey than some other Chinese restaurants but I thought the better quality more than made up for the extra greens. If you eat in the decor is nice and well arranged. No surprises here, all the usual Chinese restaurant offerings. The spicy tofu and General Tso's Chicken are done quite well, yum.
We had takeout from Mandarin Gourmet this evening. We hadn't been there in a while.  This is what $71 purchased-not including a tip: potstickers-decent vegetarian spring rolls--really bad tasting--inedible Mongolian beef--poor quality beef and greasy Sweet and sour chicken--very heavily breaded chicken bits with a boring sauce Prawns with black bean sauce--ok, nothing special Sauteed string beans--limp, not flavorful We had remembered them has having very high quality ingredients, but tonight this wasn't the case.  The search continues for a good Chinese takeout place since Wendy's closed.  Anyone have  a good suggestion?
Nice decor. Comfortable and quiet place to sit and have a conversation, with enough space between tables. Rare to find a spacious place in PA. Also don't have to wait in line to get a table..Very clean pristine tablecloths and napkins. All in all, seems very well kept. The food is great too. Their tangerine chicken is great, good service.
FUCK.  This shit SUCKS SO MUCH ASS.  Good ambience, service.  TERRIBLE food.  TERRIBLE value.  $10 for shitty chinese american bullshit food lunch.  I was one of maybe 3 chinese people in the place, not including the wait staff of course.  That should tell you something.  I never thought that I would actually think "I wish i were eating henry's hunan instead of this". things on the lunch menu (each one made me queasier than the last) lemon chicken tangerine chicken tangerine beef kung pao chicken general tso chicken dish by dish review: 0) hot and sour soup and egg rolls.  All pretty crappy.  Hot and sour soup had no meat in it, and overall was lacking in something.  Egg rolls had no meat, and not much flavor.  They also provided some french-fry looking fried noodles... oh god.  This is the type of thing that when I see I just walk out of the restaurant, but I didn't want to make my coworkers feel too bad. 1) mushu pork.  The only palatable looking thing (to a chinese person) on the lunch menu.  Too bad it was TOO SWEET.  And they PREWRAPPED two of them for me--the quantity of food was so small it was only enough to get me hungry.  $10, for like $3 worth of food. 2) tangerine chicken.  WTF.  fried battered chicken in a super sour super sweet gooey fluorescent sauce.  only good part of this dish was the tangerine skin--seemed like they might have dried the skin themselves. 3) curry chicken.  this had WATER CHESTNUTS in it.  no self respecting chinese style curry chicken would have WATER CHESTNUTS in it.  fuck. 4) kung pao chicken.  guess what?  they put zucchini in it.  fucktards.  I would have put even money on them adding carrots, celery, and/or zucchini it.  also too sweet.  and not hot enough.  true kung pao chicken has nothing but chicken, peanuts, green onions, maybe some ginger or bamboo shoots in it, and LOTS OF DRIED CHILIS.  also it should by dry stir-fried so have very little sauce. 5) general tso chicken.  yeah.  Well it wasn't fried like it was supposed to be, but instead it was grilled white chicken meat (read: super dry), stir fried with dried chilis in a super super sweet and a little bit sour sauce. 6) dry fried string beans.  not quite "dried" enough when they stir-fried it.  chef needs to work on his stir-fry skills--he didn't pound the string beans enough so there were flat edges on parts of it.  and guess what... it was too sweet.  and a little sour too.  of course. WHY DO WHITE PEOPLE THINK ALL CHINESE FOOD HAS A SWEET AND SOUR SAUCE?! Don't even get me started about the shitty tea.  one tiny tea bag per pot.  And it had no flavor.  Plus, for 8 of us, we had 2 tea pots to start.  I flipped open the lid (the universal sign for "please refill me"), and they just took the pot and never brought it back. God.  I'll never come back to this place again by choice.  next time, I may just skip out, or get take out from somewhere else and sneak it in later.
We went to Mandarin Gourmet today based upon past reviews on Yelp.  Once seated, we asked the waiter for his recommendations on wine.  The waiter specifically told us that although he doesnt know that much about wine, he recommended a glass of chinese plum wine to accompany our meal. I tried the plum wine when he brought it.(one small SIP) and honest to god it was awful...tasted like spoiled cough syrup.  I politely called my waiter over and told him about the wine.  I asked him if I could exchange it for a glass of zinfandel instead.  The waiter flatly said that he was sorry but I would have to pay for it.  I was taken back by this and asked to speak to the owner.  (It's the principle people!) So the owner came over and said that I could NOT exchange my glass because he very well couldn't very well pour the glass back into the bottle now could he? I have never had someone in management argue with a customer so much about a simple glass of wine!!! I decided I didn't want to dine there anymore because hey if it's bad service to begin with how much better can it get? The owner said that he was fine with us NOT dining there and promptly brought out a bill for me to pay for my undrunk glass of wine.  He was extremely smug and made sure that he could care less whether I ate there or not.  SO I can't really rate the food but if you want service like this eat here!  (vs. Taipan in palo alto which has excellent food and service!)
I don't know what went wrong at the Palo Alto Mandarin Gourmet Wednesday night but it was the worst meal I ever had there; everything was off. One of my companions dines there about every fortnight and confirmed that indeed it was way off. The hot and sour soup was way too salty and the changsha chicken also too salty. My big disappointment was the kung pao tofu, which bore hardly any resemblance to kung pao chicken. The tofu was tough and there were few peanuts, nary a vegetable in sight, and none of the kung pao piquancy I so enjoy, and I had asked for it spicy. The orange-peel beef was a huge portion of beef rectangles that I found tender and fairly tasty but the orange peels were dumped in rather than delivering a subtle flavor aspect; there were no vegetables in the dish. We told the waiter that the kung-pao tofu was terrible but he did nothing about it.
Highly recommended. The orange beef is awesome. So are the lettuce cups.  I also like the fried eggplant. The service is ok. The biggest hassle is parking. They have a parkng lot right in front of the restaurant but that is pretty small and fills up fast.
I ordered take-out from Mandarin Gourmet for a late night group brainstorming session.  The food was simply middle-of-the-road Chinese.  It's exactly what you'd expect when ordering the likes of sweet & sour pork or beef & broccoli.  I was pleased that they got the entire order right, had a parking spot out front reserved for pick-up orders, and packed all of the necessary utensils in the bag.  On the downside, the portions were pretty meager and the rice was stale.  Mandarin: Yes.  Gourmet: No.
Came for a recruitment dinner tonight... Our group (16 total) was seated in a small private room around 2 tables. The interior of the restaurant was pretty nice, with clean and simple lines. It was rather dimly lit, though, and seemed a little more lounge-ish than your typical Chinese restaurant. Since the department was paying for dinner, we opted for the more expensive banquet ($32 a head). The 3 flavor sizzling rice soup was decent, though the rice was already broken into grains instead of the larger chunks that I'm used to. Also, some of the vegetables in the soup were left uncut and ended up a little unwieldy to eat with the soup spoon. The minced lobster in lettuce cups was probably the highlight of the meal for me, as the filling was moist and flavorful, a good contrast to the lettuce. The orange beef was ok but a little too saucy/sticky for my liking - I usually prefer black pepper beef or just a well-cooked beef with (Chinese) broccoli. The Changsha chicken was ok, but not particularly spicy for a supposedly Hunanese dish (Changsha is the capital of Hunan province). The mushrooms and bok choy were pretty good, but if you screw up vegetables like those, then you don't deserve to call yourself a Chinese restaurant. The fried rice was decent but also very average, without standing out for either good or ill. Since only a few of us were Asian, there was a decision made to substitute the steamed whole fish with lemon halibut... Sad, really, but there was no way around it. The fish ended up fried and then dipped in some citrus-y sauce - definitely not my first choice for fish (I prefer my fish either steamed or salt & pepper). Overall, it was a decent, Americanized Chinese meal but by no means what I consider authentic Chinese fare. The food was no worse than Ming's and the atmosphere was better, so I can't really rate it below Ming's, now can I? As to whether I'd come back... maybe for a business dinner or if I was having a dinner date with someone who wasn't ready for real Chinese food.
Great Chinese food for Honkies. When people say "good Chinese food" in San Francisco, they are talking real-deal places, where if you go and are white you run the risk of not recognizing anything on the menu and ordering something that, when it arrives, takes you by surprise. If you have guests in from the midwest or something, they will recognize the food at Mandarin Gourmet as Chinese Food and will be unknowingly greatful that you didn't take them to a place with meat hanging in the window. The menu offers many standard American-Chinese selections, but they are waaaaay better than your average Chinese-American restaurant. The lemon chicken is battered so heavily and fried and sauced to such an extent that it is like eating a donut. Which is to say, it is delicious. Also recommended: honey walnut prawns, string beans, chicken in lettuce cups. Always great, attentive service, and pleasant, quiet atmosphere. Many non-asians I know list this as their favorite Chinese restaurant.
I think this is the best chinese restaurant in palo alto. Nice decoration.they play Classic music which is very few restaurant do that. A full bar.after we seated by a nice hostess with a big smile. Waiter come to us right away to take our drink order.I feel like we were having  a. VIP service.we ordered honey walnut prawn .soooo good. And the prawn are really big and tasty . Moogoogaipan are made for me.a person who on diet and don't want really flat taste. I had very good dinner experience there. Thanks to my friend take me to this place. I will bring more friends to this restaurant. Five stars.
I've got to say, this is not the best chinese food around. The General's chicken was dry and overly sweet (it seemed overcooked), the rice was dry and overcooked, and the rest of the food was bland and underwhelming. I would go elsewhere in the future. While the ambiance and service was nice, the food was not.
Of all the Mandarin Gourmet locations I've tried, this one has the best quality food and ambiance.  It always amazes me that the families who eat here seem to have well-behaved children -- as if they know this is a classy restaurant.  The vegetable dishes are really good, and do not pass up the vegetarian potstickers!  I've celebrated many family birthdays with a satisfying meal at Mandarin Gourmet in Palo Alto.
Great food - fantastic place for a celebratory dinner with a group... that way you can try lots of different dishes.
My husband claims the Cupertino location is better, but I found this one to be equally good. Nice decor for a Chinese restaurant (white tablecloths, cloth napkins, etc) and SUCH fast service. I swear I don't know how they get the food out so quickly! Definitely have General Tso's chicken, it's delic!
One of the best Chinese food places around. Average prices, classy setting, full bar, large, nice lighting. Good for groups or date.
Much much much better than Windy's, though also a couple dollars more. I tried everything my friends had and enjoyed their meals too.
Enjoy the food here.  Lunch is reasonable, dinner is a bit pricier.  Service is fine.  Enjoy this quite a bit more than jing jing
Came here for dinner last Saturday, and I now consider myself a fan of this place. First of all, it's clean and the decor is elegant, complete with white tablecloths and linen napkins. And although I was expecting to be charged an arm and a leg for the food given the ambiance, the prices were actually pretty reasonable. Sure, you could get cheaper fare in Chinatown in SF, but be prepared for a rather dingy atmosphere, too. And the food was really good, especially the tangerine chicken! I can taste it now, the perfect blend of sweet and citrusy. I'd go back there in a heartbeat just for that dish. Mandarin Gourmet, you will be the site of my rehearsal dinner next year!
As far as having an okay meal, the restaurant is fine.  it's easy to get seated, there's no wait, and plenty of open tables (the restaurant is usually 75% empty when I've been on weeknights).  It's spacious and it feels clean and moderately upscale.  But in terms of food, this is not authentic Chinese.  It's Americanized Cantonese in a quality setting (at quality prices).  General Tso's, the tangerine beef (which had a thick layer of cornstarch), the honeyed walnut prawns, the fried rice, the lettuce cups...all acceptable and tasty but not authentic or refined.  Mind you, there aren't a lot of alternatives in downtown Palo Alto.  Maybe Jing Jing.
It's good for groups, but nothing is great.   Very standard  Americanized Chinese.   Nothing blows me away or inspires.
We come here for the lunch specials. But they are hit and miss. We're working our way down the list. Vegetable dish was bland. Hot & Sour soup is good and we like the chow mein. Not thrilled with the bean curd and hot sauce plate. They wouldn't substitute a different sauce for us. Tea is weak and not what we are used to at Chinese restaurants. I like that they offer brown rice, but they always forget and bring us white instead. We'll return.
The food was ok...the service a little less than ok.....don't go here if you know how Chinese food should really be prepared. Avoid the bathroom at all costs.
I have been going to Mandarin Gourmet since 1996, and have always loved it.  When I was in college, my roommate stopped going there after two years because she was so sick of me making us go there.  So, I was a little nervous to return recently after the posts about a new chef and the food going downhill.  Maybe I got lucky, but I thought the food was just as good as I remembered.  I had the sweet and sour chicken, which was just as good as it always was.  If you're looking for a good chinese place in Palo Alto, this place still gets my vote!
Called here and ordered delivery of their General's chicken and white rice. Not only was it exorbitantly exprensive (~$20 total), but it was the most bland and tasteless preparation of this dish I've ever had. Will not be returning with my business.
Hmm.  I pretty much don't give a fuck about authenticity, and as a white person I don't have any credentials to judge food on that basis anyhow. When I go here (usually for takeout) I pretty much exclusively order the Crispy Fried Eggplant.  It's not all that greasy for a deep-fried dish, and the gingery sauce makes the crispy eggplant chunks completely delicious.  Consider my review a review of that dish, and of the restaurants decor (which is nothing special, but is presentable) because I don't really know anything else. Edit: I'm editing this to add that I am currently in china, and I have only found one restaurant that makes Crispy Eggplant as good as MG.  Like I said before, the rest of the food here is aight, but this eggplant is a gem! Oh, the staff is quite nice.
Use to be better.  They use to make their signature dish with more care - the tangerine beef. It use to be crispy, now it is flat.  New chef?  Not sure, but have to say the food is not as good as it use to be. bring back the crispy tangerine beef and save Mandarin Gourmet!
I was here with a large group of people so this review might be slightly off. We ordered the tofu and egg plant dish which both were OK, but nothing to write home about. The fried rice was of average quality. My major memory was how greasy everything was. The tofu dish was really runny, the tofu was not as firm as I expected. I think the only  thing i really enjoyed that night was the company of  some great  friends and the vegetarian  mushu wraps.
Amazing food, beautifully arranged dishes, super friendly and attentive waiters and employees, and wonderful ambiance. You owe it to yourself to go here if you're a chinese food fan. :)
In my opinion it's neither casual or low priced but the food is awesome! The potstickers are the best you can get anywhere, and I love the hot and sour soup. Mu shu veggies are great too. I would recommend this place, but not if you're on a tight budget.
Being new to the area, I took the advice of fellow Yelpers and was utterly disappointed by this place.  The minute I saw the exterior, I knew we were in big trouble.  This restaurant does NOT live up to its name.  I went in since the waitress was already seating the rest of our party.  Well, the food is NOT AUTHENTIC.  You're just paying for the ambience.  My advice: DO NOT come here if you're looking to eat good, authentic Chinese food.    Save yourself and walk out the door.  This place screams: overpriced, bland "chinese" food. (they even butchered the curry!)
We have been going to this place since 1991 and it always has a great ambience.  Like the spicy eggplant and chicken salad.  Honey walnut prawns are also good.  Best thing is that it is quiet and there are not a lot of people running around.........
Very good food, great ambience for a classy, quiet Chinese dinner. The menu isn't that daring or particularly authentic. The tangerine beef is a personal favorite though.
completely mediocre in every way imaginable.
Real nice, very tasty, acceptably authentic, Chinese food. It is my favorite Chinese outside of SF. Changsha Chicken is my favorite dish.
i eat here once a year.  Food is decent.  good banquet style menus if you have a big party.  more american/chinese than anything.  good service, also serves alcohol.
I have been coming here since I was a kid. It is by far the most consistent Chinese restaurant I know. The flavors are delicious-- I highly recommmend trying all of the chefs specials, especially the Changsa Chicken. A lot of restaurants in Palo Alto come and go, but this one outlives them all and there is good reason for it. Please support your local businesses and eat in here instead of PF Changs, you won't be sorry. Last note for all you picky eaters -- I have NEVER seen a suspect piece of meat here in my life.
Pretty good, but not great. WAY too much zucchini in dishes that are supposed to be about something else, like maybe prawns.
Go for the garlic broccoli, and the pepper and salt prawns. Delicious. Portions could be bigger, though.
really tasty food, stellar service, pretty classy setting (white tablecloths, formally-dressed waiters) -- and more or less the same prices as nearby jing-jing.  which one i go to depends on my mood, but both are a guaranteed excellent dinner out!
