Burmese and  Chinese food. This place is in a strip mall off Middlefield, next to the Cubberly Community center, where I was enjoying a dance performance.  It was late Saturday night and I did not want to go into downtown for dinner. The place is clean and tables are lined with the usual white paper placemats.  There are about 12 tables.  I ordered from the chinese side of the menu.  Pot stickers, nice and large and juicy., Mooshu pork which was nice, house combination fried rice which was ok.  Sauteed chicken in black bean sauce with green beans which was tasty. The service was very attentive and fast.  I should have been more adventerous and ordered from the Burmese side.  I will come back, especially if Im in south PA. ****food *****service ****decor ****solid
The food was the worst chinese i have eaten so far! I would almost have to say that panda express is actually an improvement to this... and i dont even think that we can call panda express actual chinese food.... didnt finish anything that i had ordered, because the taste was just so plain, dull and not like previous experiences at other chinese places!
Ambiance: 4 stars Food: 4.5 stars Service: 5 stars My first Burmese restaurant, but not my first Burmese food experience! If you are unsure as to whether you want to eat here, they do allow you to check out the menu before making a decision to eat. However, once you take a peek inside, it is difficult to fight your inner curiosity. After reading the owners' messages at the back of the menu, I decided to try their recommended dishes. I had the tea salad (no nuts since I am allergic). The tea salad was mixed at the table, and it was one of the best salads I have ever had. Just delicious. I also had the curry pork, which was actually really good. There is a hint of mango in the curry, and the portions were quite well for the price. I was also really satisfied with the service throughout the dinner -- there was not too much harassment and any assistance requested was answered promptly. I definitely would come back here for the salad and curry.
Tonight I felt like I was in a Jerry Seinfeld episode with the soup nazi...they didn't want to serve us! All we ordered was chicken salad, combination fried rice and a special: asparagus and prawns.... It was comical...all we could do was laugh; how long does it take to cut lettuce? And besides, the food wasn't tasty. I was surprised because in the past it was fresh and appealing. Needless to say, we won't be going back.
Burmese cuisine is a rarity with perhaps the best known being Burma Superstar in San Francisco.  Intrigued by the same cuisine in a Peninsula location, we decided to drop by this Burmese/Chinese restaurant and try some of their top dishes. Service is top notch and very friendly.  We were checked on often and the waitresses were eager to make suggestions and teach how to eat the unique food.  Given my lack of experience with Burmese, I'd say many of the dishes sound similar to Thai but are much more muted in flavor. Tea Leaf Salad - this is a famous dish at Burma Superstar and the rendition here has lettuce, tea leaf sauce and a variety of nuts.  It's a unique salad and even tasty, but I thought the price was a tad high given the ingredients. Moo Hinga - another popular street food, moo hinga is roughly translated into fish chowder.  The broth appears to be tomato based (or at least red) and the fish is shredded.  I found the flavor to be a bit one noted as well and attempted to add cilantro and lime to liven it up.  It's an ok dish, but there are so many other soup types I like more. Chicken Curry - the chicken is all dark meat and the sauce is the expected brown color.  The flavor is quite different from the strong flavor you get with Indian or Japanese curry.  Despite the addition of lemongrass, I found it to be too mild. Overall, the food was ok, but not standout and the service was very good.  I'll be back to try the Chinese cuisine to see if it's worthwhile. Green Elephant Gourmet accepts credit cards, including American Express.
My hubby, mom-in-law & I had a most delightful lunch here last Saturday.  We had the Mu Shu Chicken, the sauteed veggies & tofu, Mongolian Lamb, steamed rice and Oolong tea.  Everything was very taste, the service was great and I loved the fancy china plates and tea set.  This is a very quiet restaurant if you need to meet and talk over a nice meal.  I'll definitely come back to try the Burmese dishes on their menu!
First visit. Tried the Burmese dinner for 2. Delicious. Lovely presentation. I will go back for more. Beautiful, unusual decorations. Several happy groups of diners.
As far as Burmese food goes, don't waste your money here. We had the "The Burmese "Tea Leaf Salad", BAD. Iceberg lettuce and bland oily salad is all we had.  The samosas looked and tasted like they were fresh from the freezer/box. The main dish was a little better, very hot but still not impressive. They boast being a "Burmese" restaurant that also serves Chinese food, but is the opposite as 90% of the menu is dedicated to Chinese food. Third time there in the past 5 years and third time I was unimpressed by the food
We had four dishes and all and all the food was good and the restaurant is very clean.  The owners and one other woman were the servers for the entire restaurant.  The husband was very attentive, nice, and was working very hard to give each person a good experience. We had Mango Salad, Burmese Chicken soup, Red curry prawns, and Chicken Chow Fun.  My boyfriend didn't think the Chow Fun was bland, but I actually really liked it, since it wasn't overpowering and it wasn't salty.  The noodles were fresh and the chicken was done well (not overcooked).  I did like the curry prawns, though it wasn't like a traditional curry and was not red and was almost gravy-like, but had an interesting spice and had a good portion of prawns.  The Mango salad was good, but not worth the price, I didn't care for the iceburg lettuce used at first, but it was actually quite refreshing.  The soup was good too, but didn't necessarily have the layer of flavors that I have grown to love with Burmese food.  The dishes that were on other people's tables did look very good, and it did look like most people were ordering from the Chinese side of the menu. The man working there (I'm assuming the husband) was super nice and made me want to make this my favorite place, though due to it being a little bit of a drive for me, a tad pricey, and a few dishes weren't what I was expecting, I don't think this would be my regular restaurant.  I could see this place being great to get one or two favorite items as take-out though.  Again, it was very clean and they had good tasting water (with lemon).
I went here once with my 7 year old son who loves Thai Curry and did not have a good experience. There were many tables open but she gave me one in a corner and when I requested to have another table the waitress had a face and did not seem pleased for have us sit at that table. Not a kid friendly place at all. There was too much wait and the Thai Curry we ordered was average.
My husband and I love this spot.  The food is a unique mixture of Chinese and Burmese.  The service has never let us down, and I get a sense that they are genuinely happy to see us every time we come back. If you are looking for a friendly spot that is a little more than your typical Chinese restaurant, you should go here.
I ordered mu shu pork, general's chicken, orange chicken.  Both chicken dishes were incredibly greasy, over battered, and soggy.  Neither dish was spicy even though the menu said that both would be.  The mu shu was alright at best. At $12 each this place is expensive.
Love this place - our family goes here for many family celebrations. Food is scrumptuous!! Never had anything bad here!! Service in our experience has always been swift. Love watching them prepare the mu-shu at tableside - very skilled. Small place, nicely furnished. Friendly staff. Am always amused by the assortment of tea pots. Burmese and Chinese items on the menu - from curried items to standard Chinese fare. Each dish comes with an orchid flower and food is fresh tasting and well prepared - a feast for the eyes as well as the palate.
This place would never have had more than 3 stars had it been located in a heavily Asian populated area. If you find my low rating offensive to your sensitivity, think of it like this -  you are entitled to your opinion, I'm entitled  to mine. Mine matters because I have a close Burmese friend who regularly brings Burmese food to our lunch table. There. The tea leaf salad is quintessentially unauthentic. Lettuce dominates the party, tea leaves can be spotted only because they are darker. Cabbage was almost nowhere to be found. The curry fish fillet was flooded with half-cooked onion, a clear effort to Westernize an Eastern dish. A bowl of pasty shrimp soup and glass of pinot nior racks up the bill to a hefty $57 (for a party of two). My friend shaked his head in disbelief when I described my experience. The only redeeming qualities are a nice ambience and above-average service. New rule - Palo Alto eateries have a quality gradient - the further east you go, the lower quality they get. Find an Italian place on your next visit.
Green Elephant is a solidly middling Burmese and Chinese restaurant. That is, it's in a stripmall, not particularly memorable, but not a disappointment either. For vegans, there's only a few dishes on the Burmese side of things, though there are more options on the Chinese menu. That said, I somehow couldn't bring myself to order Chinese food in a Burmese restaurant. We started off with the tea leaf salad ($10) a dish that has become famous across the Bay Area, arguably because it was featured on a Food Network show that visited Burma SuperStar, the center of Burmese food in San Francisco. It was prepared in the exact same way at Green Elephant (tossed in front of you) with the same ingredients (tea leaves, lettuce, tomatoes, split peas, fried shallots, etc.). That said, I think Green Elephant might have gone light on the spices as the tea leaf salad at Burma SuperStar was much more flavorful; the one at Green Elephant was okay, but not bold. Later we had the Kalahin Curry ($10) and the Poodi ($10) which are the only two vegetarian or vegan Burmese entrees available. I liked the Poodi quite a bit; it's basically like the Indian "channa masala" dish and, similarly, is served with fried wheat bread (however, Poodi is made with potatoes, whereas channa masala is made with chickpeas). I thought this dish came together well and the bread in particular was well done (it was much fresher and lighter than the overly-dense and crunchy bread served of Burma SuperStar's Poodi). The dish could have benefited from a few small touches, such as fresh diced tomatoes as a garnish, but was otherwise solid and better than Burma SuperStar. The Kalahin Curry, on the other hand, was not quite as interesting. Basically it was a tamarind sauce stir-fry with a bunch of vegetables (eggplant, cauliflower, carrot). It tasted okay, but nothing I cared to remember the next day. Kudos to Green Elephant for the prompt and friendly service, as well as the option for brown rice. Green Elephant offers a nice change of pace but, for vegans, only has a few dishes. If it offered more options it would be worth returning to; as it stands, I would not go out of my way for this place.
This was the first time I ate Burmese cuisine.  My date and I ordered the Seafood Pumpkin Soup and Fruity Nutty Chicken.  The soup contained lots of shrimp.  The broth was okay for my taste.  I didn't taste the pumpkin.  The chicken was sweet with a variety of fruit.  The chicken must be eaten with rice.  The portions were plentiful for two people. Service was good.  There are lots of elephant pictures inside.  I'm looking forward to try their Burmese curry next time.
The service of this place leaves much to be desired. It took a while for someone to come over and take our drink orders. However, they totally made up for it with their food. I had some of the best Chinese food I have ever had here. I had the lunch special, which was around $8 and came with an entree, a salad, soup, and steamed or fried rice. The decor is nice too. Not only is the decor very Chinese, but the waitresses wear Chinese clothes--something I have never seen before at a Chinese restaurant. The china that the tea came with was also very pretty.
Delicious food, excellent service and pleasant ambiance. I've always hung around the Piazza's strip mall but never tried this place until now. It's like an island in this area, there's no other fancy Oriental restaurant along my commute. Only reason I leave off a star is the prices and that they don't hook it up with huge portions like those basic Chinese restaurants in LA.
Burmese is not fusion, although it does combine Indian, Chinese, and Thai.  To me it tastes like fusion however - which I mean in a negative way.  Each element I can go somewhere and get something much better.  The Indian turnover for appetizers for example, lacked the flavor and spice I would expect.  The entree left me with a nice coating of wok oil that left me wanting better chinese. They seem to do a great to go business.  The restaurant itself is decently decorated and layed out.  Not great - but expected per the restaurant category.  Service was great, but it couldnt make up for the food.
FINALLY - chinese food (or whatever you wanna call it - fusion - i don't care - shit's good!) that was not greasy, not salty, and the vegetables were crisp, and fresh. I had Kung Pao Chicken with BROWN rice - Fucking brown rice! Ive tried ALL of the neighborhood take-out joints and none of them serve brown rice. Some of them have the crappiest white rice too. How do you fuck up rice? Anyhoo- This place delivered, you can order online, and their pot stickers were delicious! They do it right with the vinegar and chili sauce for sides. This will be our local take-out/delivery spot until they aren't there anymore. Thank goodness for this place, cuz otherwise I'd have to order my take-out from the East Coast where the "asian fusion" food is the BOMB. And then that shit would just be cold by the time it got to me. Cheers!
This place has a great atmosphere and great food!  The service is very good too! It's relaxing and peaceful inside and the food came out super quick but was absolutely delicious!  The shrimp with mixed veggies was perfect!  I will definitely be going back!
Very tasty, friendly place. Prices aren't cheap, but not expensive either.  Portions are very generous. We love the fermented tea salad and other burmese dishes.  They really make this restaurant stand out. The Chinese food is also good, and they are willing to substitute tofu in for almost anything, so great for vegetarians. Also they have free delivery over 40 dollars!  Very nice.
At lunch, the pumpkin chicken was very good (we gladly took home leftovers), and the fish chowder (Moo Hing) was outstanding. These were both off the regular menu, rather than lunch specials. This place is more expensive than your typical Chinese or Thai lunch dive, but the quality is head and shoulders above, and the leftover portions make a full meal. Will definitely be returning. My only quibble is that they had neither Thai nor Vietnamese style iced coffee. And why would they - it's Chinese/Burmese, not Vietnamese/Thai! Well, yeah.
I'm not too sure why this restaurant got such high ratings or why there were so many customers there during lunchtime because the food was not good.  I got the Tea Leaf Salad ($9.25). It came with iceberg lettuce & way too much oil and salt...not your traditional or authentic Burmese tea leaf salad. I've definiltey had better. All the dishes looked heavy and drenched in too much sauce. The salad that comes with the lunch specials literally consisted of 2 pieces of lettuce...iceberg lettuce to be exact!  The hot and sour soup that comes with the lunch special was also way too salty and thick. Prices are not cheap and the food is subpar. The service was not great either. The lady who took our order was so impatient with us. Drive a little farther to California St. or University St. for much better dining options!
On the up side, the veggies were very fresh, and the tea service was both tasty and served in very nice cups and saucers. The staff were friendly and attentive, and my friends and I had a fine time. As someone who likes spicy food, however, I was a little disappointed at the spice level of the dishes that were supposed to have a little kick! I realize that it is probably good for restaurants to be a little conservative in this area, but it didn't even seem to hit the "mild" level of heat.
So so so so....Or less than so so. I loved the traditional clothes that adorned the waitstaff, and some of the glasses and china at the tables was at least nice. The famed tea leaf salad was simply ok. The fruity nutty shrimp was overloaded with sweet n sour sauce - decidedly Chinese despite its Burmese labeling. Kalahin, the tamarind vegetable stir fry dish on the Burmese side of the menu, was salty - and overwhelmed by cauliflower - no vegetable variety. The fish chowder-y dish on the Burmese menu was hearty and acceptable. The pumpkin chicken was the best dish on the menu, redeeming, excellent texture, although it's dark meat so even that could have been better.
I'm a big pumpkin fan, so when I heard Green Elephant had a Burmese style pumpkin chicken...Well, it shot to the top of my bookmark list, and I made a lunch visit here as soon as I possibly could. -- Pumpkin chicken: ($9.95) Good, but not knock-my-socks-off great; A little on the bland side, and with no veggies; I didn't appreciate the fact that I had to spend another $2 for rice, which I discovered only when I received the bill. 3.5 stars. On my next visit I tried another Burmese special, the coconut chicken and yellow curry ($10.25) plus another $2 more for brown rice, resulting in another expensive lunch. This dish was a little one-dimensional, though the portion size was good. Total lack of veggies again was a disappointment. 2.5 stars. Since those first two visits I've been sticking to the basic Chinese lunch specials for $8.25 (including rice, soup and spring roll).  These are a much better deal all around, but the food results have been mixed - The broccoli chicken was good; the cashew chicken was not. Now that I've finally got around to writing this review, chances are I will be visiting infrequently.
Since discovering Green Elephant Gourmet in the Palo Alto Weekly, it has become a staple for me, my friends, and co-workers.  While the menu doesn't look to different, the quality and taste of the food is much better than you would guess fro the somewhat Chinese-looking menu and the strip mall locale.  Everyone I've taken here has really liked it and many have gone back on their own. The salads are one of my favorite options and the most uniquely Burmese.  The tea leaf is wonderful with fried garlic and fermented tea leafs providing a kick not found in most other salads.  The crab and cheese samosas were terrific with a great blend of the sharpness of the goat cheese and the slight sweetness of the crab.  I've really liked every soup I've tried and the fried prawns will caramelized pecans taste as tremendous as something that unhealthy should.  The prices are quite good and it always has a healthy amount of full tables without ever being entirely full.
I was excited to come here since Terry S. used to bring his mom's homemade Burmese food for me & my housemates in college all the time (SO GOOD) and Burmese restaurants are rare. We had the Burmese samusas, curry beef, and nan gyi dok (coconut chicken rice noodles). I'd say the samusas were the best, probably because anything fried is good and the sauce was the perfect balance between sweet, tangy, and spicy. The beef chunks were huge and cooked perfectly, but a bit too much -- I'd suggest ordering a veggie dish to balance it out. The chicken noodles were disappointing. Another thing to note is the decor: it's a mix of modern, traditional Burmese, and something like grandma's house. I initially thought this place looked nice but when I noticed all the little details, such as the abstract colorful glass blown pieces at each table, the traditional Burmese paintings on the walls, and our old school grandma's tea set... it was all a little off. If there was more continuity, it'd be a better environment for dining.
This was the first stop of our September nerd fest--more on that in two reviews.  We met up with some of our friends from the city for lunch on a Saturday afternoon.  My friend suggested this place because she said she had recently become "obsessed" with Burmese food.  Since I was a Burmese food virgin, I gladly said "yes".  (Admittedly, too, because I needed something new to Yelp, too!) Green Elephant is located in an assuming strip mall in a part of Palo Alto that I think I've been to once a long, long while ago.  The decor of the place is pretty modern with bamboo poles used as a room divider with some other Asian influences.  There were some random artistic glass bowls on some of the table that I felt were a little out of place, but, whatever, I was there to get my eat on. Here's what we ordered: -  Samusas -- same thing as their Indian cousins, filled with slightly spiced potatoes -  Chabade -- kinda like a roti, but thicker, served with a coconut dipping sauce -  Tea leaf salad -- freaking yummy.  The tea leaf was more of the salad dressing and offered a really great flavor.  There was some fried split peas, peanuts, fried onion, garlic and tomatoes. -  Pumpkin chicken -- the first time that I had this combo in a dish, and it was really yummy -  Poodi -- curried potatoes served with the same type of "bread" as the chabade -  Kalahin -- mixed vegetables with a tamarind sauce The food was a very interesting mix of Asian cuisines, with glimpses of Chinese, Indian, and Thai cuisines. I'll definitely return to try out some of the other dishes. One thing to note, as well.  The place is SPOTLESS.  I mean everything is uber clean--even the bathrooms.  I feel more at ease, somewhat, when I eat at places that I know stay super clean!
We went here for dinner, and we were very impressed!! The food was excellent, and the service was excellent!  The food arrived hot and quick, and it tasted much better than our usual chinese favorites. If you like fancy china, order a pot of tea.  It arrives in fine china, and it made the meal for my mother-in-law.
Green Elephant accommodated us for an emergency mothers day dinner and continues to offer tasty and fresh food. quality of dishes continues to be consistent and satisfying. Although we went the chinese route this time (dinner b for 5), there is so much food that you can barely make it out of your seat. they allowed a substitution which was nice of them. great local place with friendly service.
Have been  for lunch several times and the combo meal is a great value, if not the most impressive... Read more 
Like most burmese returants in the bay area, the menu consists of a handful of exotic dishes and the rest is a mix bag of thai, chinese and indian-like entrees.  I recommend coming here for the exotic: tea leaf salad, fish chowder and anything you don't recognize as thai/chinese/indian. The chinese dishes like general's chicken is on par with the better chinese resturants BUT it costs more here.  The indian like curries are less spicy/pungent --- more mild so for those faint of heart, give it a try.  Again, it costs more here... but so does rent in desirable mid-town Palo Alto so I can't blame them.  They try to make up for the higher prices with larger portions at least. Service is o.k..  Expect a longer wait for your entrees during peak lunch hour. I would consider ordering a large tray of tea leaf salad or a huge order of fish chowder for a party.... has univeral appeal and unique flavors will be an ice breaker.
Chinese / Burmese Restaurant Food was slightly above average Service was awesome
I first went to this place 12/07 for lunch and was very impressed by the food and service.  We had a table right in front by the door and kitchen.  I am disabled and was with several other disabled women and the accommodations were great. Recently 2 months later I went for dinner and was with about 10 lesbians and the service was horrific.  They did not serve all at once, the dishes came out one at a time, except for the soup.  The food was delicious, as their food usually is.  They sat us all the way in the back.  To say the least, I was not impressed, but would give them another try.
So, it was my friends choice on her recital evening show to eat at this restaurant... I didn't want to but I didn't really have a choice. I must say, this time around, the service was much better maybe because it wasn't as busy. The coconut rice was delicious! The mango salad was good if you like garlic. Overall, it was a good time with good service... hmmm... wonder what it will be like the third visit... ???
If you want sloppy service yet good food... go for it. I didn't get a nice feeling here.
Went here a few months ago with some friends but I obviously didn't yelp it until now.  I always went into this minimall to go to Peet's or Rick's before my Korean class at Foothill, Middlefield campus. The married friends I have love this place.  I don't remember Burmese food being so salty or oily.  I think of Bagan and Burma Superstar, not Chef Chu and Fu Lam Mum.  Not to say it's bad but it was a little more overpowering than I remember for Burmese food. The wait staff is friendly and attentive but that's because the place is never really full.  Decent but I wouldn't seek it out.  I've got pics somewhere, I thought online but I guess I haven't uploaded yet.  Meh.
Stuck between an ice cream shop and an insurance agent, you might not notice it while circling the parking lot but once inside, you will appreciate the decor, the tea pots, and the wonderful wait staff. Michael greets most guests personally and on your second visit, you are family. This time we tried the "heavier" dishes: orange peel beef,combo chow mein, samusas, and steamed flounder with greens.  We barely had room for the fried banana dessert. You must not leave this place without the banana dessert. The best waitresses, nice atmosphere, and free parking. The cost is reasonable for Palo Alto and because the dishes are somewhat large, there is no hurry to the experience - sit and savor.  I am a fan and thank my friends who finally told me how to find this place.
Serendipity drew my to this place, as it is in the same plaza as Pet Food Express where I was shopping for gourmet kitty edibles.  The outside was inviting, and much nicer than a typical strip mall restaurant.  Once inside, the spicy, delightful aromas of SE Asian cusine drew me in.  The wonderful interior is warmly lit, and is casual enough for everyday, even for kids, but also nice enough for a special night--a nice mix. I have eschewed the "family" menus at Asian restaurants since I was a teen, because "with six you get eggroll" just doesn't appeal to my individualistic tendencies.  But the Burmese family menu sounded great, with samosas, a coconut soup, beef curry and a shrimp and fruit dish.   Plus rice and fried banana--all for $18 a person! The food was fantastic, and don't go calling me little Ms. Whitey, because I know my Asian foods.  The flavors were complex and interesting, and the portions, huge!  Especially the soup, which could feed four.  Gangalal, ginger, fish sauce, lemongrass, garlic, coconut, just flavor explosions left and right.  Wow!  We also tacked on an order of potstickers, given that we consider them bellweathers of Chinese restaurants--the low light, but they were perfectly made.  Just a little bland, but very good.  Presentation was carefully planned, too, a nice touch. This could very well become a regular stop for us.
Lunch Review. Today, my co-workers and I ate lunch here for the first time.  The rich warm decor makes an immediate positive impression.  We were greeted by a cheerful hostess and immediately taken to our table.  The tables are nicely spaced so there is no feeling of being crowded together.  Even after the place filled up, it wasn't very loud and one could easily carry on a conversation. We came here since Burmese cuisine sounded like a nice break from the places we normally go.  There are many good Chinese restaurants around here but only one other Burmese restaurant.  The menu had a nice selection of Burmese dishes.  Unfortunately, the lunch menu items were mostly a few Chinese dishes (not a very large selection) with only two Burmese dishes. Two of us got the Burmese chicken curry and the third person, a vegetarian, got the Poodi which is a potatoes curry with tamarind, tomato, mint, green chili, only, garlic, and yellow curry.  This is served with 4 thin pancakes.   All the luncheons came with soup, salad, and rice.  I told them I didn't want the rice so they brought me a double-sized salad.  I thought this was very nice of them. Everything we ate was good.  We especially liked the rich-tasting curry sauces.  I hope they will offer more Burmese dishes on the lunch menu in the future. Wrapping it up, Green Elephant offers great tasting dishes in a pleasant atmosphere with warm cheerful efficient service.  I wish they offered more than two Burmese dishes on the lunch menu, however.
Green Elephant Gourmet specializes in Burmese Chinese food. From what I sampled, Burmese food is a lot like Singaporean/Malaysian food; a blend of Chinese, Thai, and Indian cuisine. We had the special soup of the day, pumpkin seafood soup. It was DELICIOUS. The salad, a curious blend of nuts, split peas, and fried garlic was not something I thought I'd enjoy, but it turned out to be awesome. We also enjoyed a garlic chicken noodle and a plate of green beans. I recommend all of those dishes. If you enjoy Chinese food, and are interested in trying something different, then i definitely recommend trying out Green Elephant. This is a not cheap eats kind of place. The dinner menu is moderately priced, but definitely worth it. They also offer lunch specials, but I didn't really take a good look at it. The dinner crowd starts to pick up around 7 pm, so I recommend eating earlier in the evening or making a reservation.
I had a craving for Burmese food tonight but did not have the time to trek up one of my favorite restaurants in the city, Burma Superstar.  Looking at Yelp, I was happy to discover a Burmese / Chinese restaurant very close to where I live.  Ten minutes later, I am picking up 3 Burmese dishes, Tea Leaf Salad,  Coconut Chicken Rice Noodles and some deep fried pancakes called Chabade. The Tea Leaf salad was definitely my favorite dish and included all the little ingredients to mix into the salad.  I was not impressed with the presentation of the salad as the lettuce leaves were shredded larger than what I would have liked.  (The lettuce essentially reminded of a salad that I can make at home.  That being said, I give stars based on taste and not presentation)  For this salad alone, I am willing to go back for another visit at some time in the future. The coconut chicken rice noodles were just as tasty as the coconut soup dish.  It comes only with dark chicken meat though, which I am not a big fan of.  Lastly, the pancakes with the coconut curry dipping sauce was blah.  The sauce lacked any distinct flavor (either coconut or curry) and seemed almost watered down.  Given that I ate it with fried pancakes, I am doubly disappointed because I pounded on the calories for nothing.  A plus at Green Elephant is that they give you free eggrolls for any takeout order over $20.   They should change their sweet and sour sauce though because it was literally a gelatin in a plastic cup.  After poking it at with my fork a couple of times, I was too scared to eat it and opted for the soy sauce with the eggrolls.
Went there for lunch with a friend - who raved about it. Ordered the chicken curry - it was bland, no real punch to it.  And my friend had prawns with string beans that looked very greasy. The service was fast and friendly.  They are all about turnover during lunch time.
We had a wonderful Birthday lunch here last week. They had a slight problem getting everyone into a single table, so we had a kiddie table for four of us. Probably better as that made splitting the bill easier. The soup and salad were both very tasty. I'm not a huge fan of Hot 'n Sour, but this was good with a different kind of vinegary taste to it. It was full of chunky bits and it ate very well. The salad was tasty, and I used the left-over dressing to dip my Crab Creamcheese dumplings in to add a bit of zest. We had a seafood chowder that was spicy and very good. I thought it was better than the similar ones I've had in Boston and San Francisco's Chinatowns. The main course was easily the best part for me. A very strong Mongolian Beef is what I had. It was powerful, spicy, the beef was tender and all the rest was delicious. I rarely leave a clean plate ordering Mongo Beef, and this was one of the times when I did. Over all, the decor is nice, the service is good and the food is very nice. I'd go back in a heartbeat, and not just to go to the ice cream place next door.
Burmese if you Please! It's been over 10 years, but I will never forget when a past co-worker gave me fermented tea leaves.  I coveted my stash of the green goodness until I had eaten the last drop.  I begged for more to no avail, as my co-worker informed me that someone from the family would have to go to Burma to aquire the tasty stuff. I have craved the taste of Tea Leaf Salad every since.  Ive traveled as far as SF for a fix.  But thanks to Elephant Gourmet, I only have to go about a mile to quite my new $9.25 a plate addiction.  Yeah!!! Ordered Burmese Samosas, Tea Leaf Salad, and Coconut Soup. Everything was wonderful, but am still thinking about the salad. Order the tea. It is served in nice chinaware.  Nice touch. The husband and wife team very nice and attentive.
If I lived in the area, I'd probably go back just to try more things on the menu because Burmese food is hard to find and it's in a convenient location. Their Chinese food is ho hum, and from the Burmese dishes we did try, I would think that Burmese food is almost exactly like Thai food if I didn't know otherwise.  Service was good.  I liked the brass statue in the middle of the restaurant.
Elephant theme taken to the next level: the decor on the walls, the pattern on the waitresses skirts, the name... and if they weren't a protected species, I wouldn't have been surprised to see it offered on the menu! The staff are buzzing around, zipping from hostess station to table to kitchen - you better have your running shoes on and be on guard - one too many fermented tea leaves? (Tea leaf salad - always a good start to the meal...) Food arrived quickly and was tasty but not tantalizing. (went for the Burmese options) If you don't feel like driving to SF for dinner, this place could be a stand-in for Burma Superstar...  but a touch less zing in these dishes.
Oh my, I went there last night for some take-outs because my roommate kept telling me about how good the food was...but I was disappointed!!! So finally last night I went there and ordered their boiled wonton in peanut sauce, samosa, curry chicken, coconut rice and fried bananas. The only thing that was tasty was their fried bananas because the bananas were sweet. Some of you may not like it because it's pretty greasy, but I grew up eating fried food so I looovee it!! The coconut rice was disappointing. I'm from South Asia, so I'm very familiar with coconut rice. The rice was mush (spelling) and too soft, it felt like eating baby food. The curry chicken (recommended by the waitress) tasted weird, especially the chicken. The texture of the chicken tasted like frozen food, and the curry was just salty and I couldn't taste other flavor. The wonton itself was fine, but the peanut sauce needed some extra seasoning and I wish they would have given extra/more sauce. The samosa.. oh, my... it's just like an egg roll except it was triangle shaped and filled with salty potatoes. I could taste the curry but it just wasn't right. I've had samosas before and this one was the worst. I may go back there just to try their coconut milk noodle soup. I had it at a Burmese Restaurant in Downtown Palo Alto (on Bryant St ), Rangoon??!!! It was good, so I want to compare. The price was average for Palo Alto Restaurant, but I think I will prefer go to Rangoon in Downtown Palo Alto during lunch time (great price!!).
This is definitely the type of restaurant that you want to go with a group of people in order to sample several dishes rather than be stuck with just one. There are a lot of tasty items on the menu, but if the description sounds bland (e.g., "chicken with snow peas") it probably will be. I highly recommend the salads, which are delicious and artfully presented. Also, don't pass up the coconut rice; if you're fond of coconut, you'll find it heavenly. Two caveats: first, expect service to be fair to poor. Second, if you like things hot and spicy, your dishes will never make it there, so try ordering extra pepper pods on the side to heat it up yourself.
This is my favorite spot for food before going for performances in nearby St. Mark's Episcopal Church. The owners are Burmese Chinese and his wife is from China...hence the Chinese/Burmese menu. My favorite dish is the On Noh Kauswer or Coconut Chicken Noodle Soup. While this dish is listed under soup, it is a full serving of noodle soup enough for a meal. The soup is thick with strong coconut flavor and hints of peanuts. I have heard good things about the tea leaf salad. Here iceberg lettuce forms the base of the salad with crushed peanuts, toasted sesame seeds, fried garlic, fried soy beans and of course the tea leaf dressing. I like the taste, but did not like the iceberg lettuce. I felt that a different vegetable could be used as the base. Other dishes which I had tried are the samosas. They use a won ton skin like dough to wrap the potato filling. Pretty good, but not special. Tea is being served in a beautiful teapot, British style and the overall decoration is more sophisticated than what one expects to find in a strip mall. I will likely come back here again since it is a reliable/ interesting restaurant in an area which I do not know of other good places. However, the food alone would not attract me to come here. Too bad though, because the owner is very nice.
My mother-in-law was a wonderful cook, so I base my comparisons to good home cooking. Apart from the Tea Leaf Salad, nothing really excited me at this restaurant. The soups weren't authentic or tasty enough. The entrees were just ok. The plus side... nice English floral dinnerware. Somewhat out of place for a Burmese/Chinese restaurant but a nice touch nonetheless.
First Burmese restaurant that I have ever been to and did not know what to expect. They had a combination of Chinese and some Burmese food. I tried the poodi lunch combo that came with pancakes, rice, soup and salad. The salad was really good with a sweet peanut dressing. The soup was standard. The poodi was interesting. It had potatoes in a curry that tasted Indian. The pancakes were delicious. Again very India. I liked the food enough to want to go back and try Burmese items. Very easy to miss BTW. I happen to notice it when I went to Rick's ice cream and I had no idea what kind of restaurant it was until I went upto the door and looked at the menu.
How have I gone to school in this neighborhood for over a year and NEVER known there was a Burmese restaurant practically around the corner??  I am appalled with myself, seriously.  I go to the salad bar at Piazza's (in the same parking lot) all the time. Anyway...at the suggestion of a classmate, I came here for dinner the other night with a small group.  We were doing the order your own thing instead of family style, so I had a hard time choosing between the Tea Leaf Salad or the Mo Hinga Soup.  Since it was a cold night, I went for the soup, but next time I'll have to try the salad. Service was friendly but SUPER slow.  I asked for to-go containers and it took about 15 minutes to get them.  And one waitress announced the dishes like she was trying to sell them at auction.  It was kind of hilarious but also a bit annoying. Some other dishes at my table (which I smelled but did not sample) were MuShu Chicken, Rolling Lettuce Chicken Cups, Samusas, and Garlic Shrimp.  Everything looked and smelled delicious, and it was large portions for a decent price. I don't have much to compare this place with other than Burma Superstar and Mandalay in the city, but based on only the one dish I ordered, this place would be my third choice.  If I'm in the neighborhood I would definitely go in here again, but I wouldn't drive more than like 20 minutes to come here. I'm glad I have a few more months left of school so that I can go in here again.
See Jennifer's review. I agree with all of it...except that I'm not a curry person, so I skipped that but everything else I second! I give this: two hands on the belly.
I'd really like to make this review 4 and a 3/4 stars. Sorry, but I just cannot make it 5 out of 5, but for a relatively minor complaint. I have just recently dined at Green Elephant about a week ago, so thought I would relate my experience.  First, I really enjoyed it.  Green Elephant is a cross of Chinese and Burmese food - which I had not tried before.  Burmese seems to me is a bit like Thai in the use of curry and other flavors.  There are so many new Thai places now that the quality of some of them is questionable, so i was skeptical at first. Green Elephant is a nice place, the food is fresh, well prepared, and very tasty. The ambience is nice, it is clean, quiet, well decorated and the service is good.  I cannot report on the restrooms though. I was a bit worried at first, because I am not a big curry fan or a fan of excessive exotic spices just for the sake of adding spice.  What impressed me about Green Elephant is the care and delicacy they used in preparing their food so they are not overly spicy - and the spice in fact augmented rather than replaced the flavor of the food.  This one thing alone impressed me a lot. We opened our meal with some "samauzas", which I am sure I am mis-spelling, a kind of golden brown triangular fried egg-roll kind of thing.  It was really marvelous.  It was really the first time i had ever enjoyed the taste of curry because there was just the slightest hint of curry in the background adding to the overall flavor and not an overly dominant assault of just curry which many curry places do.  I definitely recommend this item, and congratulate the cook for understanding this careful balance. The thing that dinged the 1/4 star off was when I asked if I could substitute some other vegetable for bok choy in my main dish.  The waitress looked at me like I was suggesting painting a beard on or drawing eyebrows back in on the Mona Lisa.  She had to check with the chef. She checked with the chef and chef was nice enough to allow us to do that.  It is just that virtually every other restaurant I have ever eating is happy to make substitutions in a case like this and I had never heard of a waiter almost refusing to even check before of make me feel so unreasonable to just ask.  I really had to stand my ground. ;-)  The string beans were excellent too, they should offer the plate with stringbeans as well it was so good. Perhaps our waitress was new at her job, or perhaps Green Elephant is actually so stringent about adhering to their exact menu, I did not find out.  In any case it should not be a problem to do a substitution like that unless there is a cost problem I think?  Everything worked out well and our meal was very enjoyable though. One other minor complaint is that for such a small place it was really remarkable how often it was possible to glance around the room for the waitress and not see anyone.   I think the service could be improved at Green Elephant, but the food was really very well done. Green Elephant, Charleston Center, Charleston & Middlefield, Palo Alto, CA 4.75/5.00, definitely recommend!
This review is for the Burmese menu. You would not like this place if you have tasted authentic Burmese or other Southeast Asian cuisine. Everything was too salty and not enough spices. For example, the cumin lamb tasted like Mongolian beef with a lot of salt. The curry fish tasted like soy sauce + oil+ salt + a little bit of garlic, and I could not even tell that it was fish. The fish chowder was also very salty and oily. The only half way decent dish was the tea leaf salad, which was still too oily. The servers were very nice, but unfortunately this place just does not offer good food. On the plus side, I definitely lost weight that night! There was enough leftover for another full meal, but we politely declined to take any home.
I'm not sure how to really judge Burmese food as I haven't been exposed to it for a long time, but let me tell you something, if you want a good fruit, chicken, and nut combination, then they have the food for you.  I had some sort of fruit chicken that had mango and other fruit pieces in it--it was delicious! I'm not sure where else to get Burmese food, but I haven't found a place yet that tops this one.  I do have a feeling I could possibly find better, which is why I gave this place 4 stars, but you should definitely try it out. The staff is extremely friendly and seems to strive to go above and beyond as much as possible.  I saw that while thinking back awhile ago how I had an on-par server experience, but still, I enjoy the place. Check it out.
I came here a couple weeks ago for dinner with my boyfriend. After reading other Yelpers' reviews, we mostly stuck with the Burmese side of the menu and ordered Burmese Samosas, Tea Leaf Salad, Moo Hinga, Nan Gyi Dok, and Chicken Lettuce Cups. The samosas were very tasty -- not too spicy, but had good flavor. The tea leaf salad was interesting; I expected there to be actual tea leaves in the salad, when in actuality it was tea leaf paste. Both the Moo Hinga and Nan Gyi Dok had quite a mushy texture to them. The chicken lettuce cups were pretty standard. Overall, I noticed that they put a lot of lettuce in all their dishes. Service is very attentive, and the decor and chinaware are very colorful. I would try Burmese food again, but probably at a different place (I've heard really good things about Burma Superstar in SF). -L.
I come here for lunch pretty often. Their lunch specials are great. I usually get the general's chicken which comes with hot & sour soup and a small plate of salad. Their tea leaf salad, potstickers and kung pao chicken are delicious as well. The customer service has always been great.
Love the M-F lunch rice specials here. My favorites are: Broccoli beef over white rice Kung Pao Chicken over white rice Schewan Beef over rice. Sweet & Sour Pork over rice. Restaurant is always clean and sharp looking. There are several round tables that will accommodate large groups. The service I have experienced here is always, fast and efficient. I have only eaten here during the day at lunch time. Several times I have order to go...not a problem.
Not only does the Green Elephant Gourmet deliver both chinese and burmese food to your house (if you're lucky enough to live closeby), but it's also quite good.  Here, it's all about the Hunan beef or the refreshing tea leaf salad. Really good when you want to order in and aren't in a pizza mood. I don't think it's the absolute best Chinese in Mountain View, sadly. That distinction goes to Cafe Yulong.
Only been there once, but a very favorable impression. Went with a group of friends. Had vegetarian hot and sour soup, delicious, just right heat level, just sour enough. Curry chicken with potatoes was flavorful, and not too greasy or salty, which is nice. Chicken with some curry noodles also good, and got some veggie, pretty good, don't remember name. Wish you could give 4.5 stars, because that's what I would give. Oh well Edit: I have been back at least 4 times. The food is a consistent 4.5 stars. Definitely the best Burmese restaurant in the area.
Good Burmese food, especially the salads and soups. I wish there were more than just curries as entrees though. There's so much more to Burmese cuisine than the mild curries. Pleasant decor. Great service, very friendly and efficient. A little expensive, but the portions are large and encourage sharing (which is the way food is eaten back home.)
I've eaten here many times and always thoroughly enjoyed it.  Today, I was a little disappointed...alas, I'll give it 4 anyway because I know they might have been a little off today. I ordered the lunch special Mongolian Beef - always a winner.  However, my soup was lukewarm at best (I think they'd had it sitting out in their eagerness to provide efficient service).  My coworker had the General's Chicken, one of my favorites.  We shared our generous portions and it was perfect.  The salad is amazing with its peanut dressing, and the Burmese dishes I've had there are wonderful.  For $7.95, it's a great value in a funky vibed place.  Oh, and order the tea - you'll feel like you're having tea with the queen with their fancy teapots and cups.
I'd give this 3.5 stars. I like that there is plenty of parking and the prices aren't bad.  The service is great.  The decor is interesting enough. We got the tea left salad after reading all the reviews that raved about the dish.  Perhaps my expectations were too high, but I didn't find it awesome.  It was just alright.  Probably would not order again. We also got the Somosas - those I liked a lot.  I love somosas in general.  Theses had a really nice flavor - slightly more sweet than other somasas I've had. Lastly we got the pumpkin chicken curry.  I really liked that dish as well.  We had it on coconut rice.  The curry is slightly sweet, has a good flavor, the chicken tastes like it was cooked at a low temp for a long time so it was soft and flavorful, and the pumpkin was a nice addition - always love starch in curry. I'm not familiar with Burmese food, but I definitely would come back for the samosa and curry and would like to try the other Burmese dishes.
Great service! I highly recommend the salt and pepper fish fillets - cooked to perfection everytime. The prawns with string beans along with all of the lunch menu specials are a great value and the perfect size.
We love the fermented tea-leaf salad! And the pumpkin chicken.
1 of 2 regular lunch destinations. The lunch prices are far, the food is consistently good, and the staff is great. Have only taken out, but assume the dining experience would be good, and the presentation in the dinning room is welcoming. If waiting to takeout, beware of rapid moving waiters and waitresses, as there is usually a high likely hood they will run you over...
My friend introduced me to this yummy restaurant some time ago and I still enjoy going there!  The food is great, servers friendly and prompt.  I always order pad thai and green curry whenever testing a new thai place.  Those eaten here have been the best. Feel comfortable bringing small children here as they are welcomed and served food proportionate to their size. There usually is seating available when I dine here, however, I'm not here during the 'crush' hours. Mmmmmm, it's almost lunch time....
I'm such a fan of Rangoon Restaurant (the other Chinese-Burmese Restaurant in town) in Palo Alto that I probably would never have tried Green Elephant were it not the choice of my two friends who I was dining with. I definitely agree that the decor is surprisingly nice and pleasant for a strip mall restaurant.  The china (from England, not China) was beautiful as were the blown glass features on many of the tables. The tea leaf salad (the reason we were there) was surprising and I suspect will be the kind of dish that will grow on me.  I liked it, but I wasn't immediately a convert.  Would I eat it again?  Yes, and I suspect with familiarity will grow further appreciation. The sumasas were tasty as well, although I'm not sure they'll be my choice next time. As a main course we shared the sizzling seafood with chicken and it was enjoyable although for me so much of Asian food is about the sauces and these were good, not great. If I had to choose only one Chinese Burmese restaurant to survive in Palo Alto, it would be Rangoon, however the lunch and dining experience was pleasant and it's nice to have something like this in the south end of town. I'm sure I'll return again at some point. Having read the reviews here before heading over, I am delighted to know they will deliver as it's far and away better than any other Asian food delivered in the area.
We teach a class at Cubberley in the evenings and I've often found myself (as I run across to Peets) wondering where the alluring aroma comes from. One day, my teacher friend and I decided to investigate... boy were we glad we did! The Mohinga just hit the spot - so many fresh flavors in that one bowl... not just a soup, but really a sensory experience! We also had the basil chicken (decent, but no standing ovation there) and egg plant (again, definitely above average). My next trip to Green Elephant will involve a larger party so we can try more from the menu,
This is the first Burmese restaurant I've ever frequented because why would I pay for something I get at home?  And it turns out that was a good policy.  Not to say the food is bad here, but I can't help being partial to my family's own cooking. I took a few friends out thinking it would be cool to show them some authentic Burmese food.  We had the tea leaf salad, coconut noodle soup, and a beef curry.  They all enjoyed the food, but I just kept thinking, "That's not how my mom makes it." The curry was tasty and the tea leaf salad was good (although I don't like my lettuce quite so chunky).  However, I was pretty disappointed with the coconut noodle soup.  It's always been my favorite dish and the Green Elephant version just seemed thick and dark and not so coconut-y.  I was almost wondering if they had mixed up my order and given me mohinga (the other traditional noodle soup). Points for the decorations and excellent service, though.  Maybe I'd come back to try some other options (samosa soup sounds interesting), but I probably wouldn't bring anybody Burmese.
So they actually don't have that many Burmese things on the menu, mostly chinese food. We tried a couple of the Burmese dishes and were not super impressed. Service was fantastic the waitress was attentive  and fast with requests. Bottom line food was just okay but I would go to again for its proximity and fantastic service.
My wife got the recommendation to try the tea leaf salad from a little league parent, and was really excited to have me try it as well, which we finally remembered to do this weekend.  Wow, what an delicious dish!  The mix of greens, tea leaves (paste?) and roasted nut was quite a pleasant departure from curries and Chinese food.  Definitely worth making a habit. We've been semi-regular customers here for a couple of years, and have started to move from the safety of the Chinese side of the menu (great for family take-out) to the thrill of discovering the Burmese side. You know, we're actually quite lucky to have a Burmese place right in the middle of South Palo Alto, I'm glad Green Elephant has stuck around! Bonus of course that Rick's ice cream is just steps away, too.
it is always funny to read the reviews after going somewhere... we ended up trying this place because it showed up on our gps and we were all hungry. it looks like nothing from the outside, but we checked out the menu and it looked good. we are so glad we did. the food was super tasty. the service was great. i had the poodi, my husband had the lovers chicken and our daughter had the mu shu veggies....all were great. we'll be returning for sure...
We really like this place mostly for their chinese food.  I've tried their Burmese food and it's really good, but we usually order their chinese food.  It's a great place to dine in or carry out.  Their food is always consistently good.  We love their mango beef or chicken with their famous coconut rice - SO delicious!
Terrible. Very overpriced, over-oily, over-Americanized food. I definitely have not had a lot of authentic Burmese cuisine YET, but I can definitely tell when something is not authentic. Everything was very oily and not well-seasoned. The food I had was very bland. I was with a group, so we got about 10 dishes, and there was nothing that really stood out. It's a pretty clean place, but that is one of the very few positive things I can say about the place. We had the lamb, and it had no flavor, and we had this weird beef with melon dish, which was not very good either. Completely disappointed.
Chinese food is easy to find around these parts but Burmese, not so much. It turns out the owner is Burmese and his wife is Chinese so hence the mixed menu. However I was looking for something out of the ordinary and noticed that they serve Moo Hinga, which is basically a seafood chowder that is common street food. For $8.50 you get a huge bowl of it and it is cooked with onion, garlic, lemongrass, ginger and other spices, served with cilantro and lime. It's a huge portion and for a rainy day it hits the spot. So if you're going to try anything here, go for the thing that everyone of the culture eats. Moo Hinga!
I like their fish stew soup, but their beef curry is really not tasty. Not only is the sauce not great, but the beef itself is stringy and tough, and in large pieces. My stomach hurt afterwards from trying to digest that stuff. The decor is nice, service is nice, but I don't think I'm going to come back willingly.
If I could, I'd give the green elephant 3.5 stars.  This was my first time trying Burmese so I had no idea what to expect. Pros: + The menu has blurbs about Burmese cuisine and where their influence comes from:  China, India, and Thailand.  It really does have essences from all, but still has its own distinct flavor! + Holy mother of god the Tea Leaf salad is awesome ($8.25).  The textures of the fried garlic, nuts, seeds and lettuce are f-ing AMAZING.  Not only was it texturally exciting in my mouth, but the flavor rocked too.  Simple yet delicious!  Make sure your date eats some too, the garlic is pretty intense. + The Moo Hinga fish chowder was pretty good.  Had an overall heat that was pleasureable and enough spice to make it exciting.  Soup is big and serves about 3 ($8.50). + Prices are decent.  Range from $8-$14. + Service was excellent and the ladies were attentive.  I always feel strange when they serve the food for me... + The ambiance was pretty nice too.  It ws contemporary yet still had an authentic feel...if that makes any sense. Cons: - The pork curry was okay ($8.75).  Maybe it's because I'm used to Thai and Indian curries.  This one was more smoky than spicy-flavorful, which was strange for me in a curry.  Texture was good though. Bottom Line:  Overall I would say that the food was much better than average, but that's it.  The salad and service would get 5 stars, but everything else was just "pretty good."  I'd probably go here again, and that's what counts right??
This restaurant is awesome! The inside decorations are pretty fancy and the servers are extremely kind. The food is seriously yummy and it's still in my tummy! I especially love their walnut prawns, tea leaf salad, and basil fish. This place is recommended for a nice family dinner. I will definitely come here again!
Food here is really subpar. Perhaps it's because I ordered off of the chinese menu and not the burmese menu. Reading the other reviews I see that most people like the restaurant for the Burmese cuisine and the service. I'd have to agree the service is great. I almost feel bad giving this place only 2 stars. But really the chinese portion of the menu was not good.  The walnut prawns was cold and the eggplant dish was bland and lacked flavor. I liked the decor until they gave us our plates.  The plates looked like my grandma picked them out. OK - but to be quite honest the Chinese portion of the food was not memorable and would definitely prevent me from coming here again. Maybe just maybe I'll come back to try the burmese food.  I apologize to the owners, since the service was really good. But I can not give a positive review based on the service alone.
I am Burmese...  So with that said here goes my review.  I think the food is good.  I really liked everything that I ate the last time I was there.  The staff is wonderful.  The restaurant is actually run by Burmese folks, which is great for me, since I get to practice my Burmese which I don't get to do that often.  Some of you may be asking why I gave Green Elephant a better rating than Burma SuperStar in San Francisco - So my reason is simple Burma SuperStar is over hyped.  I think the quality of food is just as good at The Green Elephant.
Seafood pumpkin soup had many many shrimp and quite a bit of pumpkin. I think they must've added a lot of MSG though, because I was really thirsty after drinking the soup.
This used to be Feng Yuan but has nothing to do with that old place. Although we just had take out it was still pretty good. I had the Wor Won Ton soup and I hope they are not just stuffing the soup with goodies because they just opened... great broth and fresh veggies, shrimp and chicken. My wife had Moo Shoo Veggie that was ok... nothing crazy but i think she likes it because of the plum sauce. So for one soup I would give it 4 stars... plus you can have a good meal and walk next door for some real ice cream
Great service Good food Small portions which make it kinda expensive Good variety of menu choices Tea salad was different, iceberg lettuce with a few other mixings. For about $10, was an expensive dish as it would not be enough to be a main course salad Had the cumin lamb which was tender small strips of lamb - but @ $15, the 8 little strips were a little expensive But all in all, the food was tasty and luckily, we ordered more than one main per person and it seemed enough
Green Elephant is really good. But I can only vouch for the Chinese food. I haven't tried their Burmese yet. Their fried rice is really tasty, as well as the other item's I've had (they currently escape me). Good Chinese takeout places are sometimes a dime a dozen. Most of the time, I find CTO places to be satisfactory. You've got the greasy rice, noodles and a couple meat and vegi dishes that are just a couple notches above bland. However, Green Elephant kicks their up a notch in taste. Everything is just tastier than usual. The only let down is that many dishes are a bit more oily than usual. Their fried rice is da bomb, but I guarantee it's very unhealthy.
Burmese food for white people.  Not nearly enough flavor or spice for folks who like real Burmese.
Only been there once and it was excellent - my Dad raves about it as one of his favorite places and he doesn't Yelp (old people don't Yelp...) so I'm going all the way up to 4 stars just based on his opinion.
Jonita and I had lunch here on Friday.  It was my second time.  We work together and talked about work the entire lunch, so that's not ideal, but I still liked the food.  It's my second time here and at lunch the have pretty much only standard Chinese fare for their lunch specials.  The servers are very busy, but always very sweet.  I'm not bowled over by the food, but there aren't a lot of options around this area, so, can't be too picky.  It's fresh, always arrives at the table hot an flavorful.  I've had the sweet and sour pork (ashamed to admit I even ordered such a gringo dish) and the mixed veggies with tofu.  Next time I'll have to try something that's Burmese, even nothing on the Lunch Special is.  What a shame.
Delicious food, very beautifully prepared and presented. Incredibly clean, as so many places like this can be. And best of all, it's QUIET. If you'd like to actually talk to the people your with, you'll have a lovely evening. Loads of free parking.
i wish i would give this place a high rating because the service is so friendly and genuine!  buuut i cant and here's why: *one of my ex-bfs was from burma and his mom can cook up a STORM.  i highly doubt that i will EVER find burmese cooking in america that comes even remotely in range.  hey, i love burma superstar as much as the next person but even that doesnt relaly compare* like most other "burmese" restaurants, this place offers about 10 burmese dishes and the rest of the menu is overwhelmed by your typically chinese-american dishes.  only 4 dishes merit another taste, imho. 1. tea leaf salad- loh thi dok (sp?): pretty decent, definitely better than the other burmese offerings in palo alto.  however, the lettuce was too big and there was too much. 2. samusas: filled with tender chunks of beefs, but a little too greasy 3. chicken coconut noodles- nan gyi dok: this was probably the most similar to auntie kyu's.  i would definitely get this if i were craving. 4. moo hinga, also burma's national dish!  this is a fish based noodle soup but dont be intimidated!  correctly, made, it shouldnt be fishy at all.  it should be a little thick, savory and flavorful with fish paste balls and banana tree trunks!  although this was significantly different from auntie kyu's, it was still really tasty and comforting.. it was perfect after a cold morning of saving the bay at the bayshores.  i just lament the lack of banana tree trunks.. so crunchy and starchy )': im going to give this place 3.5 stars because the owners are SO sweet.
We tried this place for the sake of trying something new, and were wowed by the great food, great service, and nice decors. The tea leaf salad was delicious, with all kinds of interesting textures, and the sizzling beef platter was awesome. We had some curry chicken noodles and curry pork, and they were pretty good but I would try something else next time. Get the coconut rice to go with your meal. The service was very friendly and helpful. This place is a great find.
Exceptional service and fantasic food.  Great handling of special requests.
Great place to eat in Palo Alto. The Burmese portion of the menu is a little small and limited compared to places like Burma Superstar, but the upside is they have all the Chinese standards as well. Food was good, not great, service was excellent.  A nice change for dinner in Palo Alto.
Love Burmese place. Crab rangoon and eggroll is pretty good. Love the burmese beef curry. Tea Leaf salad is actually good too, my husband likes it more than I do though...This place also delivers! Which is great since not a lot of places other than pizza or chinese delivers in palo alto.
proof that one should never overlook strip malls as sources of good meals. this is a total family restaurant, somewhat new, and the owners definitely aim to please. while we were seated, both of them checked in with us to make sure we were enjoying everything. definitely skip the chinese food (which dominates the menu) and focus on the burmese dishes. the tea leaf salad and glass noodle salad were both very good. don't order the fried pancake with curry sauce. i thought it was going to be some sort of naan or roti dish, but it was so weak and lame. the standout dish was the burmese beef curry dish. BEST BURMESE CURRY I EVER HAD. you could taste the complex blend of spices and herbs, and the potatoes were so soft. it's best if served with the coconut rice.
ambiance: 4 stars food: 3.5 stars friendly owner: 5 stars wait staff: regular -- If I have to rate the food based on their Chinese dishes, then it's a 3 star. But I have yet to try their excellent Burmese food selections, I read on yelp that it's at least 4 stars.. -- NOTE: extremely friendly and considerate owners... I will definitely go back soon to try the Burmese menu items, in addition to wanting to give my business to nice restaurant owners.   =) -------------- Our order was: - appetizer: lettuce cup w/ minced white fish -- excellent - soup:  pumpkin soup with shrimp -- great - main entrees: Beef with Mixed Vegetables -- regular Chinese dish, fresh asparagus. Honey Walnut Prawns -- I guess I don't like the restaurants that choose to coat the prawns with extra batter, I prefer the ones that don't have a very thick coating. Pineapple fried rice -- just a bit blend, but good nevertheless. - dessert: fried banana -- there were only 4 pieces of fried banana, and they were swimming in a sea of whip cream...  Maybe they can present it in smaller portion/dish and just get rid of all that cream.
Great service, friendly, interesting options for food, and (as one reviewer pointed out), brown rice! This has moved into our rotation for a good family dinner - either in or take-out. Kids love the fried tofu, mixed vegetables and fried rice. I like the curries, poodi and tea leaf salad.
Great neighborhood joint. Good service, good food, nice decor. Overall a solid effort. I recommend the tea leaf salad, the spicy eggplant, and some of the pumpkin dishes.
I love this place, friendly service and the food's pretty OK-good. The lunch special is quite a deal, salad, soup, rice, and a nice dish. I go here when I can, I would recommend this to anyone - however they don't offer that much Burmese stuff. 3.8 stars...
This place is a good bet. I haven't been in a while, but I remember delicious yellow curry. The chinese food was better than most chinese places I have been around here.
Burmese restaurant (also has Chinese food too). But I'd recommend the Burmese food since there are plenty of other better Chinese restaurants in the area. Some Burmese dishes: Burmese samusas: 5 stars. Even better than Indian samosas! The ginger sauce was amazing. Tea leaf salad: 4 stars. Very refreshing and unique. Different combination of flavors than I've ever tasted in a salad. Moo Hinga fish chowder: 4 stars. Very hearty chowder filled with chunks of fish and other ingredients. Pumpkin chicken: 4 stars. I'm definitely coming back here.
I have been disappointed in the Chinese food here, a local reliable takeout for us.  After reading the Yelp reviews, I decided to go Burmese.  I would have never ordered the tea leaf salad, but I'm glad I saw the reviews.  It was so interesting.  And crunchy.  And the pumpkin chicken was very comfy on a cool night.  Now I know to order only the Burmese here.  Thanks Yelp!
Delicious food, beautiful restaurant, great service. This is as good as Chinese food gets. Frankly, I'm addicted.
This was our first time having Burmese food. The pumpkin chicken was AMAZING! I wish they had a larger Burmese menu since I've never seen other Burmese restaurants and would love to try more! We also had the chicken noodles that were tasty but the only Burmese noodle dish. We want more!
Good food and nice people. I love to support family owned businesses. However, they use a lot of MSG.  Why use this when you have good food to begin with?  The manager said it was in everything but they could make it without if I asked when I ordered.  I can't imagine they would redo the sauses.  Very disappointing.
Stick with the BURMESE side of the menu -- these are family recipes and absolutely unique, wonderful dishes. The Chinese food is fine but unoriginal, but handy if you're dining with small children that need their chow mien or other familiar favorite... The Burmese "Tea Leaf Salad" is amazing. Service can be slow b/c it is so busy and the waitresses sometimes literally run around. But it's delicious and worth it.
Went in shortly before they close on a weekend afternoon and were served super fast. Unfortunately the food was only mediocre (chow mein, beef broccoli, mu shu pork). Sauces were too gloppy and over salted. Think I could do better myself. Will give it another try sometime, but so far, not really impressed.
Food and service are good. Nothing spectacular though.
My boyfriend and I have been here several tines and it's pretty good. The Mu-Shu Chicken is amazing. We have tried 4 or 5 other dishes and none have been as good as the  Mu-Shu. All decent but a little on the oily and bland side. Maybe we just like things spicier than their "spicy" rating. The atmosphere is a touch on the stuffy side---lots  of older folks. The staff is friendly and efficient. It's prices are pretty good for the portions. I have not been for the lunch specials but i hear they are great value. Worth visiting and a good, convenient go to Chinese restaurant. Also, you can order online to pick up which is great.
I've been here nine times, and I always get the Sizzling Beef Platter. Unfortunately, on my latest visit (7/04/2008), the beef was not as tender. In addition, there were 5 pieces of mushrooms instead of the customary 15 to 20.  Huge bamboo shoots were used as filler. This used to be a four star place for me. When I want a sure bet, I head over to Chef Chu's in Los Altos.
Lots has been said, so let me add my voices to the fans.  The food is a great mix. The chinese food is very good, but the Burmese dishes are the highlight - they're masters with pumpkin!  Great for kids and families, with big family tables and lazy-susans.  Can be fast unless very crowded.  Family owned, so you're supporting a real local business. Don't bother with dessert - the city's best Ice-Cream is right next door.
I like this place. Food is good. Tastes fresh. And staff appreciates your business.
A couple of weeks ago I decided to go back to this establishment and have lunch. To my dismay the owner asked to speak to me and proceeded to discuss the Yelp review I had written. STALKER~ First of all I have only written 2 reviews in my life and was astounded she would have the nerve to bring it to my attention. She told me that she wanted to tell me her side, which is that most places ask if you would be willing to pay with one credit card, I made it a point that she didn't ask she told us they would not take more than one credit card. She told me that she wasn't rude to us and that she was just telling us. I clearly stated this was my opinion and after more than one encounter of her being rude is why I wrote my review. All I want to warn others is if you write a bad review DONT go back. She has her nerve to call you out on it. Needless to say I will NEVER go back and neither will my co-workers.
The food is good but the customer service is not. All the gals are very nice except for the owner.... Read more 
great food. excellent service. i'd go again.
great lunch spot! i would warn you to avoid the burmese curries unless you understand them and have established a taste for them. they are very pungent and grainy, apparently this is just like they are supposed to be. the salt and pepper scallops are SO GOOD and the chicken with green beans and black bean sauce is really good too. the lunches come with a choice of 3 rices, white brown or fried, but they will charge an extra buck for the brown rice. the service is great, the people who run it are ADORABLE and they just installed more booths, so now the booths outnumber the tables, yay! and hello, THEY DELIVER!!!!!!!!
A very nice mango salad -- but the Burmese entrees were not well done,  the rice tasted as though it had been kept warm for hours, and the tea (served in a pretty pot)  was weak. The service was pleasant but not attentive. There's no AC, but plenty of exposure to the setting sun, so it became uncomfortably warm by 7:00 (in May). I didn't want to take home the leftovers, and I wouldn't want to go back.
A co worker took me here for lunch.  It was a good place to try - this restaurant is nestled in Charleston Plaza in Palo Alto.  Ample parking lot.  From the outside, you wouldn't tell how pretty this restaurant is - the moment I walked in, the restaurant had personality with Thai influence decor but I was confused since their specialty is Burma/Chinese cuisine.  Service is quick.  The waitresses delivered their duty.  My worker and I each ordered a lunch special that included (lunch special of $8.25) salad, soup, and entree in addition we also ordered imitation crab won tons and egg rolls.  The imitatation crab won tons were yummy but it was probably b/c the cream cheese was slabbed more than the crab.  Also, I didn't taste the crab.  The egg rolls were good.  I was disappointed when they brought out the salad - I swear, no exaggeration it was such a small portion I was able to finish it in 5 large bites.  Their sweet and sour soup was average in taste but they filled our soup to the rim of the soup cup.  Kung Pao Chicken was average.  I also ordered food to go, coconut rice and Fruity Nutty Chicken.  Fruity Nutty Chicken was average.  As for the coconut rice, I could not taste the coconut but could smell it.  Glad I tried it out but for the price and dishes they had - I will not return.
Good for the area, but not as good as the Burmese restaurants in San Francisco. My favorite dishes were definitely the Samusas, Moh Hinga, and the fish in the green curry. I would definitely NOT recommend their coconut curry chicken noodles - noodles were soggy and fell flat to the flavor of the dish.
I am not sure about this place. The green tea salad is great, but the rest of the food is ok but nothing to write home about.
Piazza's and Rick's Ice Cream are reasons enough to visit Charleston and Middlefield, but Green Elephant Gourmet may soon be a regular drop-in for me as well.  They opened recently and I finally remembered about them before I ate, not afterward.  One Nan Gyi Dok (coconut chicken rice noodle) take-out order later I'm pretty content.  In under 5 minutes my order was ready, the package was filled with noodles and sauce and dried ginger, and it even came with a take-out fortune cookie.  Awesome.
My family and I have been going to this place since they opened with the 15% dinner coupons.  They recently changed the menu and prices seem to be a little higher but the food and decor seem to still pull people in.  Service is slow sometimes but the staff is always hard working, no one is ever just standing around doing nothing.  I always order the sizzling beef platter, walnut prawn, burmese curry pork, eggplant with garlic sauce, and the soup with coconut milk.
We went for lunch and the food was pretty good.  The best was burmese samosa appetizer.  We also had the beef & string beans and the cashew nut chicken -- both were good.  The service was a little hurried and not very personal, which is the reason I don't give this place the full five stars.
This place used to be Feng Yuan. Now, It's a Burmese restaurant and they also serve Chinese food. I guess it's for guys like me who don't know how to order Burmese food. I totally like how this place is set up. You walk in and it's like a lobby. You get seated by a hostess into the dining area which is furnished very nicly. They have this one accessory that caught my eye, it was a glass elephant tusk. The place is like hotel clean. The servers are dressed in I guess more traditional Burmese attire. The one thing I like about this place is how they serve their lunch plates. It's served like a la carte. So us lunch buddies can have a variety at a lunch plate price. They serve soup and salad for starters when ordering a lunch plate. Plus, you have a choice of steamed or fried rice at no extra cost. I'm a straight up luncher. My biggest meal of the day is always lunch so I would suggest getting an appetizer as well. All is served on some pretty nice China and blinging silverware. Tastewise, it's better than good but doesn't fall into the screamin' category. For the money, I wonder how they can maintain such a nice envirionment. I wouldn't order desert. You can go to Rick's Ice Cream next door. Not their fault but I can't stand the one way parking lot.
Very good food - reasonable prices. Some dishes with Indian flavor and others Chinese. Podi is a good vege choice. Chow Mein was good too. Samosas are really good too.
Fantastic food, beautiful decor and top service! Their Mongolian lamb is fantastic, and if you're looking for crab rangoon (very hard to find on this coast!) they have it! Also, their hot and sour soup is some of the best we've had!
We ordered the Burmese family dinner (to be delivered), because it was the easiest thing to do.   Good but nothing super special.  The fried banana dessert doesn't travel well -- it is best eaten immediately after frying. The peanut-butter soup (second time I had it) is probably the low point -- maybe it is a cultural staple in Burma, but it isn't that exciting.  The beef dish was good, the pumpkin chicken ok, the mango prawns ok, but basically tastes like you've had elsewhere (ie thai/chinese).
I would give the food 4.5, it was good, but they completely got our order wrong.  We ordered walnut shrimp and mango chicken and the brought out mango salad and mango shrimp!?  They must have had a lot of mangos to get rid of.  Servers were polite and fast to fill up drinks, take away plates, I just wish they would have been more attentive to what we ordered.
I did not think the food the here was very authentic.  It is watered down for the local palate.  Decor is typical, service was good, but I just can't get around the boring food.  There are many more authentic tasting restaurants north and south of the area.
We had dinner there tonight. The food was very good - beautifully presented and I felt a higher caliber of Chinese food. We ordered samusas, dumplings, veggie chow fun, veggie friend rice, spicy eggplant and pork curry. The pork curry and eggplant were particularly good. I was somewhat disappointed by the service initially. Although we went to dinner very early and were only the second party to be seated we did not get our appetizers for almost 30 minutes and our entrees only after 50 minutes to an hour and only after I complained to the owner that 4 parties seated after us started getting their entrees before we received a single bite to eat. They did apologize and tell us there was a mix-up because our waiter was new. I didn't quite buy it as all the waiters were going to all the tables and they were not particularly crowded but the owner offered to take 10% off our bill and tried to be attentive the rest of the evening. The food was very good so we'll probably give then a second chance. The decor is understated, elegant, and lovely. They just need to work on the professional service angle a bit!
