Although I love basically all other types of Asian cuisine, I'm usually not a big fan of Chinese food. I'm a chicken person, and chicken dishes are usually so grisly. I've just gotten sick of the terrible quality chicken at Chinese restaurants and have learned to just avoid them entirely (especially cheaper Chinese places). Between my general dislike of Chinese and the slightly-scary sounding name of "China Delight," I avoided going here for a long time. Finally, my husband dragged me over. We've been back almost every week ever since we first went there a few months ago. Everything we've had is fairly decent, but I LOVE that you can ask for white meat chicken. For the price, it's a great go-to place in downtown Palo Alto.
I have had lunch here and I did not select from lunch menu, but  from the standard menu. Quality was very variable. The Mongolian Beef was pretty good, but the soup was simply nasty. It smelled bad and was overcooked mush. For the price of 10 USD, however this is still not bad. Clearly quality-wise place that serves food for 5 USD cannot be compared to a place serving food for 20 USD. But still, table was dirty, food was ok (though very greasy) and soup was terrible.
Delicious food and great customer service!! Love this place!
Food is not good! Service is worse, when you walk by you will know why no one is eating here. Please go out of business, left didn't eat food, paid anyway but told the owners, will not return due to poor food quality!
The beef noodle soup lunch special is GREAT. You get a giant bowl, several pieces of super tender beef meat, and really great soft noodles. See my pic: http://www.yelp.com/biz_...
$5.45 for a lunch special - in downtown Palo Alto?? I'll take that any day. Plus, it comes out quick.... Read more 
This place is 2 doors down from a another Chinese restaurant to which I've never been, because I always come back here. The food is good, but what's even more, I just feel a connection with this place. It has a hole-in-the-wall feel, without the fake Chinese decor. And if you come here enough you'll develop a relationship with the friendly woman owner. The menu is Americanized with things like "General Tso's chicken", but there are also more authentic dishes. And really, you can order anything you want if you know how to describe it in Chinese.
This restaurant is very cheap, especially for lunch since they have a lunch menu. The choice is very large, and the food is correct, for the price at least. It tends to be quite busy at noon so try to arrive early or take it to go! Almost the same price as a fast food, but a quality a little above, and a nice service.
This is a perfect place to have a casual lunch or dinner at.  I may be biased on their food since this is the first place I ever ate "chinese" food, but everyone I bring seems to like it. I love their spring rolls, love their chow mein, and love their sweet and sour sauce.  I've noticed different restaurants have different style sweet and sour sauce, and they all need to take notes from China Delight. Anytime I'm back in Palo Alto I make it a point to stop by and feed myself some good old yummy chinese food.  "Jean" the little lady that works there is a superhero.  Any day, day or night, she's there and she pretty much handles the entire front house and *I think* her husband is the cook in the back.  They are both super little and cute.  She's really friendly and has learned my order by heart (she better since I've been going since I was in the 7th grade).  I highly recommend China Delight for a casual lunch or dinner with close friends/family.
Very traditional taiwanese food as well. Love it!
I agree with a majority of the other reviewers when they say that the food is pretty good--I had the cashew chicken lunch special, and the ratio of vegetables/cashews to chicken was pretty decent, as was the flavor. My problem with this place, though, is with the service: I had everything to go (and it was relatively fast), but I'd asked whether or not the lunch specials came with rice. The lady in front had said no. I asked if I needed to order it separately--to which she adamantly (and rather manipulatively, I might add) told me that I needed to get some rice at an additional cost. I agreed and went on my merry way after getting my food. I later opened the box of take-out only to see that she'd blatantly lied: rice was already included in the order, and she'd told me to order an extra order just to get the extra $1.50 or so for a tiny box of rice. Sigh...just when it looked like this place was promising...
China Delight is one of the cheaper restaurants in Downtown Palo Alto.  The Chinese food served is Americanized. We ordered the won ton soup and beef vegetable delight.  Both dishes tasted as expected.  There was nothing special.  Come to China Delight for a reasonable meal at a reasonable price.  The portions served were perfect.  Further, it's a good restaurant for take out.  Many customers came inside to pick up their dinners.
I have to caveat this review by saying Chinese food is pretty much the only cuisine I've never been able to get into.  There are things I can eat in restaurants but I've never really found anything I actually like.   However my fiance loves it and once in awhile I will humor him and have it.    We came here for lunch today, enticed by their incredibly cheap lunch specials: $5.45 gets you your choice of 12 entrees, plus soup and an "appetizer" (a few strips of fried wonton). My fiance had the sweet & sour pork lunch special, which he loved.  I had beef chow fun lunch special, which sounded good, sort of like a pad see ew (wide rice noodles and beef) but was a disappointment to me.  It didn't really have any flavor, other than oil, and it was absolutely drowning in grease (there was about a half an inch of standing oil on the plate).   I have had lots of noodles in Asian restaurants before and generally don't mind when they're pretty greasy, but this was just way too much grease.  I also found the beef very tough & chewy.  My guy tried it though, and he liked it, so again maybe it is just me not really caring for Chinese food/flavors. However, despite the dirt cheap prices & the fact that my fiance loved the food, we were still not super impressed with this place.  The service was terrible.  We were basically ignored the entire time we were there and at the end of the meal my fiance had to go up to them and ask to pay.   Nobody ever came to refill our water, etc. I understand that at these prices it may not make sense for them to wait on people hand and foot, but then I'd rather they have an "order at the counter" system, as opposed to making us sit and wait forever for someone to show up.  I also found the place on the dirtier side.  A lot of tables hadn't been bussed and the ones that had were still fairly dirty.  We won't rule this place out as an option for very cheap Chinese food in the area, but I expect we'll go elsewhere next time.
Good, solid three-star Chinese food. It's not gourmet, but it's pretty good. Points for making a hot and sour soup with a nice balance between hot (as in, enough for a bit of kick, but not so much that all you taste is OMG HOT AUGH FIRE DEPARTMENT 911) and sour (pleasantly so). Also points for knowing what to do when a customer says "kung pao chicken but not too spicy." I've eaten at restaurants that cannot cope with that and serve up a plate of blah, but here they did a nice job. The service was quite spotty. It took repeated requests to get the table wiped and the tea served. The prices are in line with the food and service.
AYYYY! CHEAP FOOD AYYYY! AUTHENTICITY, AYYYYYEEE! ACCEPTS CARDS, YAYYYE! Order from their original menu during lunch hours. Combination Fried Rice was my pick. I think this is going to be my go-to Chinese food spot from now on as this is the closest thing to real Chinese food without the Panda Express hype. Order anything with black bean sauce. It's godlike. Next time i'm going for the chow fun, so I can have some fun on my tongue.
We love China Delight. You do get what you pay for - but this place is always consistent. Jean does a great job running around (while her husband runs the kitchen). I think some of the reviewers don't realize that English isn't Jean's strongest skill. I dont think she tries to manipulate anyone - we have been going there for 5+ years and in all that time, she has been more than generous, even giving my daughter coupons for ice cream down the street. We'll be back.
Great food for the price! I go there often for lunch and there no better combination of price, service, and food in Downtown PA. Wish there was more to say, but that's all you need to know. In fact, I think I'll go back again right now!
Today was my second visit here. The first time, I ordered the BBQ Pork Chow Fun. The noodles were bland and greasy. There was minuscule amounts of the pork. Today, I ordered the BBQ Pork Fried Rice to go. The rice was sticky and mushy. I found only a few pieces of pork. Then, there was absolutely no flavor. I will not be returning to this restaurant, ever.
****review based on take out****** Chinese food is a luxury for me. It's one of those ethnic foods I crave when I'm after something "unique."  I  don't go out for takeout very often, and when I do, I can only hope for the best. I ordered over the phone and was advised it would be ready within 20 minutes.  As compared to other take out options, the timing was pretty quick. I placed an order for: B1. Hot & Sour Soup : Hot & Spicy($5.45)  Perfect! # C2. Spring Roll : 4 pieces($5.455 # E4. Yu-Shiang Scallop : With spicy garlic sauce.($11.95) # D12.Chicken Fried Rice : ($6.45) Chunks of Chicken. Everything was good and HOT, even though i was like 30 minutes late.   The service was excellent, and the gal who took my order was very friendly.  Recommend if you want something that is not like Mr. Chau's. Oh, and don't make the mistake I did. The joint next door is called Jing Jing...and it's a completely different restaurant. MY BAD.  Food is good at both places, so...take it as win win.  I had the poor guys at Jing Jing looking for my order, when it was next door all along.  Options people, options. Oh yeah...and parking SUCKS.
My bf loves this place and he is 'Made in China' Chinese. He always has a good meal here. His favorite dish is the asparagus beef. Its not my favorite Chinese restaurant but its good eats when you're hungry and just want something to fill your belly that wont cost you a whole lot. The elderly woman that works there is very friendly and pleasant. You never have to wait long for your food. Some meals come with hot sour soup and an appetizer (fried wonton with sweet sour sauce). Other favorites include: Szechuan Tofu and the Chow Mein.
I was walking to Jing Jings from University and since I always pass this place, I thought I would just try it. Bad idea. I should have known that this place was no good based on the lack of people inside.  My orange chicken was way too sweet and bland. Here's a positive: My dad's potstickers were the alright. Next door Jing Jing's is MUCH better.  I will never stop in at this place again and I'm urging you, the smart, upper-class people of Palo Alto, to do the same.
i haved lived in  pa for over 40yrs and never tasted anything this bad locally. yuck. called for take out at 8, but all food tasted burnt. they should of just said kitchen was closed. not good at all. maybe if you go ealry and the food is fresh. really bad.
Dropped by for a quick dinner with a friend.  Everything is the same except the fresh flower arrangement in the front.  Still the same lady, the same decor, same menu and the same low price.  Portion seems small especially for Chinese food but it's actually adequate so you don't over eat. Around 6:30pm, the place had a few tables and most appear to be regulars.  There are some take outs including WWW picking up orders. We decided on the hot and sour soup ($4.95), it's ok - will ding them for being luke warm instead of hot.  I definitely enhanced the taste by adding plenty white pepper and a bit of the chili oil.  Beef chow fun ($5.95) - they must buy the fun in sheets and cut their own because it's quite fat (I like it).  It was flavorful.  Eggplant in spicy garlic sauce ($5.95) - simple but flavorful.  I wish we ordered some steam rice so take advantage of the thick tasty sauce.
3.5 stars - this is one of the least expensive Chinese restauratns to grab a bite in downtown Palo... Read more 
I came here famished and short on time. While browsing their menu, the Luncheon Special caught my eye : choice of entree (all under $5, ranging from Hot & Spicy Chicken to Prawn Vegetable Delight) served with appetizer, steamed rice & soup. I quickly decided on #12 Beef Chow Fun. The entree itself was a decently sized portion and fairly good, although on the greasier side. The sweet and sour soup was not so great. And as for the "appetizer",  don't be fooled- it was five strips (literally!) of deep fried won ton noodle. A bit disappointing, but hey, for the price of this meal, I won't complain too much.
Truly delicious Chinese food-- delightful and efficient little place. Everything you order is tasty.  The beef chow fun everyone raves about is pretty good, but if you ask me, it's all about the Szechuan Crispy Chicken or the Hunan Beef. Potstickers are great, as is the sizzling rice soup.  The lady who runs the place greets me in such a friendly way. No wonder I come back again and again, and I bring everyone. There's never a wait (it's another best-kept secret) and lots of people order food to go. Plus it's SOOO inexpensive. I think you'll like it.  I've tried all the other chinese restaurants in downtown Palo Alto and this is the consistent standout of them all.
SOOO MUCH FOOOD.  Four guys that order three dishes, somehow end up with leftovers. $21 for lunch between four guys isn't bad at all.  Thumbs up for this place. BEST PART - there is always parking
They don't actually do delivery, so I got take-out. Food was OK, and prices were reasonable but not as cheap as I was expecting. The lady on the phone was hard to understand, but in person she was very nice. If I want some decent chinese quick I'll definitely go here again. The pot stickers were nice, and the beef in black bean sauce was awesome.
I was introduced to this place by work. They like to order lunch for everyone from here and it's always delicious. The prices are very reasonable for Chinese food and I would consider it pretty damn cheap especially for Palo Alto. The Chinese lady that works there is beyond sweet. She is always smiling and happy to see you. I like to get the Beef Chow Fun, the Won Ton Soup, or the potstickers. The chow mein is very good as well. The meat for the beef chow fun is smooth and cooked to perfection. The noodles are nice and not too thick. For the won ton soup, you get won tons filled with delicious meat and shrimp pieces mixed together, large shrimps, tender pieces of chicken, and veggies swimming in the broth. The pot stickers were delicious, fried to a perfect crunchy texture that contrasted beautifully with the smooth delicate flavor of the meat inside. I would eat here all the time if I could get away with it. The service is great and the food is delicious and comforting. The price is so cheap and reasonable. I didn't think I would be able to find a place to eat that is this cheap in Palo Alto, but here it is!
I used to get lunch take out from there. The food is American-Chinese style, but still pretty good for a quick cheap lunch. But recently they have been really busy around lunch time with a lot of take out orders. I waited for 30 mins there this time time and more and more people kept coming in. There was a guy from "waiters.com" ordered two big cases of takeout and kept everyone esle getting their food. My order never came that day and the lady (who was always nice) offered  me a dish I DIDN"T order and said if I don't take this dish she would give someone else! She said it was too busy today and she only two hands. But the fact is she kept taking more phone order while kept a line of people waiting. My advice to them is take as many business as you can handle and don't be too greedy. I walked out of there empty handed because I don't want a random dish I didn't order. I will probably never go back there anytime soon. To be fair, it is a okay restaurant overall, but go there at a non-busy time or call ahead to make sure the waiting time.
This might be the only cheap eatery that you can get hot food in Palo Alto dowtown area. During lunch time everyday, they offer 10 items at $5.45. Noodles are under $6 anytime. If you are visiting Palo alto and you need something under $20 for meal (except for sandwich), this might be a good option. I tried prawns in black bean sauce and shrimp chow men. Both didn't come with many shrimp but seasoned ok. I shouldn't expect too much when the dishes were only about $6.
China Delight: the little restaurant that's way better than it has any right to be.  They have tasty potstickers and great cheap chow fun.  It's an awesome cheap date night for Stanford students -- China Delight, Gelato Classico, then catch a show at the Aquarius.  (Then bike back to your cozy dorm single, you crazy kids.) I don't live close enough to Palo Alto to go here very often anymore, but I think China Delight has the same prices they've had since I was in college, and that was, like, 8 years ago.  I have no idea how they continue to pay the rent in downtown Palo Alto on one tiny storefront's worth of business -- they must have some kickass rent control or they own the building or something. Oh, Jing Jing is OK too, but I have a special fondness for China Delight all the same.
It's definitely better than Jing Jing next door -- a little less grease for sure, and it's obvious that things don't just come out of a steam tray in the back room. However, the service is absolutely dismal. As we walked in, some people who had been waiting for some time to get seated (there were free tables) just gave up and walked away. And while we were eating, we really had to get their attention. And when we did get their attention, they were disinterested and curt. I'd say that this kind of behavior is not surprising for a Chinese restaurant, but still unfortunate and costs them some review points. I got the yu-shiang pork lunch special and my girlfriend got crispy noodles. Pretty tasty overall. The portions are a tad small, but at the right price for a lunch special. I will come here again considering the only worthwhile alternative at this price point is Jing Jing.
The family that I nanny for eats here often, so sometimes I will take the kids here for lunch or dinner.  My reaction to the place is just eh... The food is decent.  I like their spring rolls and the prawn vegetable delight.  I don't particularly care for their fried rice here.  It's just too dry and tasteless. Another thing that kind of bugs me is that you have to request white meat chicken, and they charge you extra.  I just find it weird.. I really don't care for the women who work here. The older lady is friendly though she speaks very poor English.  The younger one, who we normally end up serving us is not friendly at all.  Now, mind you,  I'm taking two kids here, and these kids all like something different.  Yesterday, we went in and ordered, and the woman made a face halfway through ordering, then told us we ordered too much food.  Even the KIDS were like "well shouldn't they be happy about that??"  I was kind of stunned she told me that, but I told her that it was okay, we liked leftovers.. Also, when we went in yesterday for lunch (around 1pm), we waited 15 minutes before being seated... And for about 10 of those minutes, we went completely unacknowledged. I'll continue to go here, because the kids I nanny for are picky and they like it here.  But I highly doubt I'd ever come here to eat on my own.
My coworkers and I were prowling downtown looking for a good lunch option. My eyes just about popped out when I saw the prices on the posted menu outside. Lunch specials at around $5...in DOWNTOWN PALO ALTO?!?!?!? Ok, I'm sure it exists but it's definitely a rare find nowadays. It's not a big place but all the tables were filled when we walked in which was a good sign. I had the beef and string bean special. It was pretty good - the beef was tender and the beans were still crunchy. I'll have to remember this place when I come down here. It's definitely a very good value!
HMMM Lets see, I will do a backwards review. That night after having dinner I developed pains in my stomach area. Food poisoning? Got the check for the meal and the waitress addition was wrong and I was over charged. "CHECK YOUR BILL" she apologized and made the correction.HMMMM... The portions were small and in general the food was just OK. They did make a bird out of Carrot stick for my 7 year old daughter and we could sit any place we wanted. Those 2 things is why I gave it 2 stars. One think that could help the place is maybe some very quiet back ground music. Will we be back.....I DON'T THINK SO.....
Excellent Chinese food and a great bargain to boot. Highly recommend the Yu Shiang chicken. I've eaten here over 100 times and have never been disappointed. China Delight is, by far, the best Chinese restaurant in downtown Palo Alto.
When I have some extra time for lunch and want chinese food in Palo Alto, I go here. This place is so good. I've never had a bad experience here in the last 5 years. The owner is so nice. The food here is as authentic as the chinese gets here on the peninsula. I always get the spicy chicken lunch special. So flavorful. The veggies are never over cooked and still have a crunch. Delish! Unlike p.f. Chang... Yuck!
My review is based on delivery for a big group. Understand, too, I am watching what I eat, so I'm looking for taste, but more importantly I have to ask, 'Does this help me or hurt me?' China Delight's dishes have oily sauces. I prefer healthier fare.
the best pot stickers around here, (my food is pot sticker and we haven't been to a restaurant in the us or australia-where I'm  from- which is better than here). Its right next to jing jing. From outside jj looks more interesting but we've been to both and the food is much better and also cheaper in china delight. The owner is also very friendly.  It's one of our favourite restaurant here.  When our family visit here, we bring  them there and they love it too.
Prawns with lobster sauce really good.  House special noodles combination Hong Kong style was boom.  The fillet fish they had that was spicy was boom too.... Service is really really good.
I tried their food yesterday to say how it compares with Jing Jing... let's just say I'm sticking with JJ after my experience. Yes, the food is cheaper but the portions are tiny and it doesn't even come with soup on the side. I also had a terrible stomach after finishing my cashew chicken lunch special. My friend got the chicken salad and it was super salty and gross. The chicken salad at JJ is heavenly with delicious dressing and little bits of pickled ginger. Spend a few extra $$$ and go to JJ.
I've been here with friends and typically order some sort of noodles, some sort of beef dish, some seafood something-er-other and friend rice of some type and maybe some spring rolls or something for good measure... yeah, boring but that's the niche this restaurant filled for me because when you're hungry you're not really looking to be wowed. I'd actually give it a 3.5 if allowed.
I tried their food yesterday to say how it compares with Jing Jing... let's just say I'm sticking with JJ after my experience. Yes, the food is cheaper but the portions are tiny and it doesn't even come with soup on the side. I also had a terrible stomach after finishing my cashew chicken lunch special. My friend got the chicken salad and it was super salty and gross. The chicken salad at JJ is heavenly with delicious dressing and little bits of pickled ginger. Spend a few extra $$$ and go to JJ.
Pretty good. I liked the environment and for the area, it's actually affordable.  The service was really good, perhaps it was also because we went at an off hour where there weren't too many customers.  The food was tasty and exactly what I wanted at the time.  Note that the food is not that spicy (even the dishes which are marked as spicy).
We've been coming to this place for quite some time and are big fans. They have GREAT Chinese food. Everything we've ordered has been very tasty - Kids love the wonton noodle soup; their chicken dishes, noodles, chow fun are all very good. Hard to beat the lunch specials, as others have also pointed out. The only drawback is that on a busy Saturday night, the service was slow as they only have one person waiting on tables. Nonetheless, we'll be going back again (though probably sticking to lunchtime ...).
Decent food, decent price, walked there and still made it out and back to the office all within my allotted hour. Small portions but you get what you pay for.
Why 4 stars? Lunch. I just went in today and I've already tried Mandarin Gourmet and Jing Jing. This is Palo Alto, not San Francisco so I'm not expecting awesome food, but decent, tasty food. What I didn't expect was to pay $5.50 (total!) for lunch. Hot and Spicy chicken with a scoop of rice and fried wontons. It was a nice, healthy portion of food for a lunch special. It cost less than most places in Palo Alto and it only took 7 minutes to make. I was in/out, back in the office, enjoying lunch. Dinner might be different, but a cheap, tasty lunch can't be beat!
I love Chinese food, but hate when it isn't fresh, overridden with MSG and blah tasting.  This place is none of those things.  I am not saying it is the best chinese food I have had in my life, but since I moved down to Palo Alto, this is my go-to place. The food is delish, the service is great and the lady who takes my order is so sweet.  I normally do take out but have eaten there from time to time. My usual fair includes black bean chicken (in which I am always asked if I want all white meat -  a feature I like), orange chicken, and the walnut prawn (which is delicious - btw).  My only issue with this place was that I ordered the eggrolls a couple times and don't know if it was because it was take out or what but they were quite soggy. The prices are good.  Food is delish.  I would definitely recommend this place to friends! The food taste delicious!  I often order the Black Bean Chicken and each
Excellent lunch for a great low price. The yu shiang dish was fulfilling and I didn't have to wait that long for the dish. Thanks!
I came here on a visit to Stanford. The Chinese food is honestly the best I've had in the bay area! It's cheap, there's plenty of parking, and it's a family owned restaurant. I believe that this restaurant is equivalent to the awesome Chinese places in San Gabriel Valley, and I'm glad they're located up in the bay area, otherwise bay area people would be missing out! There's lots of variety in foods and the portions are very reasonable. I really like their kung pao chicken and broccoli with beef.
Best take out chinese in Palo Alto! Orange Flavored Beef is amazing! Definitely give it a try.
Lunch Specials are very Fast and Affordable especially if you are getting to go. You can get Rice and Entree for less then $6 if you want Fried Rice add a dollar..Best place in Palo Alto for a nice lil Chinese Lunch..Definitely better then its neighbor Jing Jing which always leaves me feeling sick and is swimming in Grease. Now let me remind you that you're paying less then $6 it isnt the best Gourmet meal but for  the price its great. Only reason they aren't getting 5 stars is the Service. It definitely is something you have to wrap your head around because culturally Rude isn't the same for everyone and the lady who runs/owns this place def can be borderline rude till you get to know her and then she grows on you .She will however still try to save her sauces/soups as much as possible so besure to speak up if you want anything extra. Overall though its a great little cheap spot for Take out Lunch or a nice cheap sit down lunch.
Great food at a great price!  I love this place.  The lady who runs the place is really sweet and her husband is one of the chefs.  They are a super cute when they interact with each other.  This place has been feeding me for the past 5 years since I started working in downtown Palo Alto and is easily the best chinese food in the whole downtown area.  The dishes aren't too heavy/greasy and the portions are just right.
I work at downtown Palo Alto so I go out for lunch everyday.  I believe China Delight is one of the least expensive --  if not THE LEAST expensive -- place to have lunch in Palo Alto. At other places you don't come out without spending $10 or more.  I once went to a burger place on University which I will not name; just the burger along cost $8, french fries and drinks cost extra.  What crazy prices!  I know Palo Alto is expensive but separating fries and coke from burger is borderline unamerican! Anyway back to China Delight, their #1 competitive edge is the price.  Then, I was told by the boss that all food is cooked freshly upon order. The portions are too small, though.  I get hungry again by 5 pm...
If you like good food and don't want to spend a lot, you are going to love this place. Shivering form the cold, I  rushed in and got seated right away. A pot of hot tea showed up pretty fast, but it was a while before someone came to take my order. I asked for Hot & Sour soup (bowl), Spring rolls and the Kung Pao beef with white rice on the side. The soup came out fast and it was worth the wait.  It was served steaming hot and was very tasty. This was my favorite dish of the night.  The Spring rolls came next, just as I finished off the soup, and they were crispy, crunchy, light and not too greasy.  The duck sauce was rather bland and added little to the flavor. The beef dish was nicely presented, full of water chestnuts, green peppers and plenty of beef.  Again, the flavor was good but somewhat understated.  Certainly undeserving of the "spicy" indicator on the menu. The restaurant was neat and clean. The service was fast and polite.  And you know how you dread that moment after you have eaten, you're all happy inside and then the little brown tray with a slip of paper shows up?  Well, that turned out to be a happy moment too.  You can't beat this place for value.
never eaten there in person, but my reviews apply to their take out via http://Waiter.com . -- house special beef $9.50... I don't know what portion you get in the restaurant, but the take out box was HALF EMPTY!!!   common, you know how much the take out box contains, at least make an effort to fill it in with veggies or something?! are you kidding me for selling 3 oz of beef for $10?!! -- cashew chicken $8.50  -- passable Chinese food. all in all, this is typical of Chinese restaurants frequented by Americans, not Asians...
When I worked in downtown Palo Alto, I'd come here quite frequently for lunch. It's cheap, tasty, and the people who work there are very friendly. I recommend the sweet and sour pork.
They really have to add a new category on Yelp - this is "American-Chinese" food, not "Chinese" food.  All the dishes we got were over-MSGed, overly greasy - and I don't see anything that really distinguished it from any other restaurant that serve "American-Chinese" food (certainly, the lack of authentic Chinese menu items did not help either).
Great inexpensive Chinese food with all the flavor of a pricey place. Staff was very helpful. Would definitely eat there again.
I had a lunchtime meal here that was quick, filling and cheap.  Our waiter/host gave us great service in light of the lunch rush and her working all of the tables.  Not knowing how big the portions were here, we ordered spicy garlic eggplant http://www.yelp.com/biz_... , spicy white fish http://www.yelp.com/biz_... and chicken with green beans http://www.yelp.com/biz_... .  Three of us could only finish off the fish and took the rest back home.  I thought all the food tasted fine with the eggplant being my favorite.  The sweet and sour soup http://www.yelp.com/biz_... was very sour.
I would give it a 4.5 for it's taste!!! Loved the hot and sour soup and the chicken with vegetables. The prices are very reasonable for the portion size.
Our extended kitchen for years and years and years. We love the food here.
This is the best Chinese restaurant I have been to around the Stanford area. The food is really good, and it is as authentic as Chinese food can get here in America. I would recommend starting off with a soup; the Seafood Deluxe Soup is really delicious! I love the Kung Pao Chicken, Broccoli in Oyster Sauce, and Chow Fun. I would definitely recommend eating here!
China Delight... Their food is lacking flavor, service is rather slow, and take out orders take forever! This is irritating especially when you only have a 15 minute break. Plan to spend at least 10 minutes waiting for your food to be rung up. Their lunch portions are quite small so be prepared. Lunch special for just about 6 bucks.
I've had Chinese food at tons of places around the bay, and this is by far my favorite place. I have been coming here for over 6 years now, and it has been run by the same family the entire time (and probably much longer). They are fast and they cook awesome food. The best part is they have some of the cheapest prices anywhere! And everyone that I have brought here to try them has loved the food. Highly recommended!
Good, but not great. I came with a few friends from college. I accidentally ate a pepper (wasn't quite sure what it was) and my head basically caught fire. Of course, seeing as I came with guys from college, they all promptly tried one too. I don't recommend doing this :)
Lunch specials are like $5, but you get about that much food (quality and quantity -worth). I was still hungry by meal's end, but I guess for a five dollar bill for lunch in Palo Alto, you can't really complain.
Food here is more American than apple pie. Everything is deep fried and covered in some form of sweet and sour sauce. I am a fan of food like this once in a lonnnnnnnnnng while but no FOB or Chinese food connoisseur should ever come to this place. Authentic, no; but tasty, sure.
So, it's not the most authentic or the best tasting food. In fact, I didn't like the place the first two times I frequented. However, I decided to give China Delight another try after Jing Jing's fell out of my favor. Because I'm an annoying vegan that most businesses find a nuisance, I was careful to gauge their reaction when I asked the Peking Sauce Noodles to be vegetarian (it's usually sauteed with pork). Surprisingly, they were very accommodating and agreed to substitute meat with tofu. Since then I've tried their eggrolls and Chow Fun. The egg rolls were awesome (at times). The other two items were kind of bland and "Palo Alto" but I figure I tend to over-salt and flavor my food anyway, so the change may be good for me . I also find their food to be healthier tasting than Jing Jing's.
A block away from the new job but the food is just ok. It was cheap and fast but the Kung Pao chicken was just alright. Hopefully there is another Chinese restaurant around here.
The loyals who turned me on called this 'China Dee", and the nickname stuck.  Perhaps the best Chinese restaurant in Palo Alto-Menlo Park, although sadly the competition is average.  Ask what they recommend or what is very popular and you will hit the sweet spot.  This is not mush-vague-what-am-I-eating Chinese, it's very good, friendly, and inexpensive for University Ave.
What this place lacks in ambiance (it's small and has a large window where passerbys gawk at you) makes up with tasty and perfectly moist chicken fried rice.The fried rice and sizzling rice soup here is amazing. I have a delicate palate for chow mien that China Delight didn't satisfy, and I was a little disappointed. It's was too saucy and the noodles where a bit mushy for my liking.  The service was fair, our waitress was probably the owner because she was very knowledgeable but defiantly took her time. I will go there again for some take out. The pancakes there are also excellent .. crispy and soft at the same time.. score !
I used to come here all the time while I worked in downtown Pa (ehhhh circa '00).  Must try their eggplant spicy garlic sauce - it really is one of my fav... Their hot and sour soup is amazing too. And the beef chow fun. YUM.
I eat here about three times a week as I work nearby.  The prices are pretty decent especially their lunch specials.  Good food, but the service is really slow (except the cooks-they took about 5 min to cook your food). The one waitress, i don't think she ever has a good day... but the food makes up for it. : )
I have been enjoying China Delight since I was a kid, so I root for this place like I do for the few remaining, venerable, Old Palo Alto institutions. China D still delivers, literally and figuratively. Mr. B and I often get their chow mein and string beans for take-out, but all their standard offerings are solid. They are still cheap, too. This place is far, far better than neighbor Jing Jing (the other OG on the block.)
Great value. $4.95 lunch specials.  Friendly and fast.
Food was decent. Prices were decent. Servings were a bit on the small side, though we were all very hungry, so that affected it, too.
Otherwise known as China D, this place gives great value at lunch time.   Service is always good and the food tasty.  Solid menu of luncheon specials, this restaurant is a great option for a quick lunch at a good price
How can you beat a $6 lunch? Soup, fried wanton and entree. Awesome. It may not be the best chinese in town, but its not bad. Working in downtown Palo Alto, I go here at least once a week.
I love this place for work time lunch! They have great prices and yummy food. I have an hour lunch and it's a great place to go. They have quick and friendly service.
This is the only restaurant in downtown palo alto that has table service and can legitimately claim to be cheap--not palo alto cheap, but actually cheap.  On top of that, the food is dece.  It's nothing special, but it's fine, and the owner/chef being very hospitable and sweet doesn't hurt my rating any. Order potstickers, they are the tastiest thing on the menu.
I had garlic eggplant and rice and was very satisfied.  The lady was pretty nice.  If there's one recommendation it would be to redo the decor.
Update: I'm downgrading China Delight after a recent visit. Though it seems to be the same staff the food seems to have gone downhill - virtually every dish we had was swimming in unnecessary oil. Perhaps it was good then that the portions also seem to have got smaller. Three years later and still looking for the stand-out place in the area. Given that we've not found any kind of authentic Chinese food in or around Palo Alto, China Delight is clearly the best of a generally disappointing lot. The thing that struck us immediately about this place was the taste of fresh ingredients when compared to the much bigger restaurant just a couple of doors down.
I started going to China Delight in 2000 when I was a grad student at Stanford.  The owners were always very nice when I jumped in to get some take out.  The only trump to their hospitality is the quality of the food.  It's hands down the best chinese food I have eaten in Northern Cal.  8 years later, I still drop in as often as I can.  In fact, I take my nieces to China Delight every time we are in the peninsula together.  When I recently moved to SF my oldest niece's only concern was that we wouldn't be able to go to China Delight!
3.5    as an american-chinese family restaurant Price for the amount that you get is insane. I've come here a few times and everytime we have mounds of left overs. We ordered a dinner for two, and we had soooo much leftover they thought something was wrong because we 'wern't eating'. If you were raised ANYWHERE outside of California this will remind you of the kind of place your parents took you for Chinese as a child. They don't even set out chopsticks! There are so few decorations. It's a big empty room FILLED with tables without ANY concern for aesthetics. It's not pretty, and I don't know if they use MSG (my friends suspects they do), but the food was reeeaaalllly flavorful. It's yummy and ridiculously greasy. Good for a moment when you're craving pork chow mein or something of equivalence.
This place is great. It seems to be a family owned and operated business. I had the sweet and sour shrimp - they were accommodating of my insane need to have the sauce on the side- I hate it when the food is drenched in sauce. It was very tasty and the accompanying veggies were also tasty. The prices are very low- we managed to do a meal for 2 at lunch today for $23 including drinks and tip.
I have ordered take out from here many times. The quick and dirty is: They always have it ready in under 15 minutes They are very reasonably priced The sweet and sour pork is really good (mentioned by several others on yelp as you can see) Their food is definitely not spicy (even their dishes marked "spicy") As for individual items Sweet and sour pork: This is probably the best dish they have. The sweet and sour sauce on it is to die for. I order this dish nearly every time. Make sure you have rice to soak up the extra sauce, or you will be missing out. I do have one complaint, which is that the dish has a lot of onions and green peppers compared to pork, but that is just because I don't care for either of those too much. Hot Spicy Orange Flavored Chicken: Not very hot, fairly sweet. Had a nice crispy texture. Mongolian Beef: This is really good, but for some reason they seem to give me less of these than their other items. I am never left satisfied with just one order despite how good it tastes, so I tend not to order it. Yu-Shiang Broccoli Beef (with spicy garlic sauce): Very good, just a hint of garlic. Again not that spicy. Lots of sauce with this dish, rice is recommended to soak up the remainder like with the sweet and sour pork. I find this is a good compliment to the pork as well. Beef with Broccoli: Pretty standard beef with broccoli dish. Good, but not better than anywhere else. I tend not to order it because I feel like I would be missing out on something better. Kung Pao Chicken: Disappointing. The only dish I recommend against, this dish was just flat, not spicy, and overall I was very let down. It wasn't bad persay, but it was just so plain it was disappointing. And not spicy at all. Kung Pao that is not spicy? Pass. Cashew Chicken: Pretty good, I liked this dish when paired with the sweet and sour pork also. The cashews are very good at neutralizing the pallet so each bite of sweet and sour is fresh. I recall this dish having a lot of sauce also, so again get some rice. Chow mein: I've only had the beef, it was really good. I was satisfied with the beef to noodle ratio, nothing amazing but it isn't like a cereal box prize when you find some. Fried rice: Beef, pork, and chicken all left me dissatisfied (not bad, but more like "hmm, this could use something...."). However, the shrimp fried rice is really good. I will only order the shrimp friend rice now when getting friend rice from China Delight. Steamed rice: Normal steamed rice, not to wet or dry. They don't have brown rice. I always order some when getting a very 'saucy' dish. A must with the sweet and sour sauce.
It's tasty, the service is great and everyone is friendly. Plus it is VERY affordable, especially for PA and I don't think they use MSG.
If you want cheap and filling Chinese food this is the place to try. Their food is always fresh and hot. I love the lunch specials. This is the best deal in PA for Chinese. It is very tasty and their selections are very nice. The service is fast and friendly. I would recommend it to anybody.
Excellent food, service at a reasonable price. Best in class and great value. Highly recommend. Became our extended kitchen for Chinese food on the mid peninsula.
The lady who works the counter is really nice.  I always get the beef broccoli lunch special, which comes in under $6.  And it's always delicious.  I would have given 5 stars, but one time I asked for extra sauce and they just watered down the normal amount.  =(
Us girls usually come here once a month after shopping at Whole Foods. Yes the price is right and the location close. But: 1) a bit salty, 2) the broccoli is a bit soggy, 3) tables and restrooms could be a bit cleaner, 4) parking is excellent if you walk and don't drive :), 5) the selections are good, but usually based upon the same receipe with variations. We will be back, but definitely not at night with the "dress-up" crowd.
a co-worker brought me here for lunch, praising the beef chow fun.  i was a bit skeptical, because being from NY, i thought nothing could match the beef chow fun there.  damn, i hate to admit it, but i was wrong.  the beef chow fun kicks a lot of ass.  thats really the only thing i get when i go there.  i wish the portions were bigger, but maybe i'm just a pig.
Go to Mountain View for real Chinese.
When cucasians out number the chinese in a resturaunt, I always avoid it. And I will continue to do so.
Good and cheap lunch specials (under $6!). Decent portions
I often stop here for take out on the way home from work.  The owners are very friendly and the food is much better than average.  I agree that this is a great place for a cheap date.
Best soups around!  Love it!
chinese lady who runs the place is very friendly. i had the black pepper beef which was tender and yummy.
I have eaten dinner frequently here for 12 years. I started with the Hunan Chicken and Szechwan Crispy Prawns, I still eat 'em. The wonton soup has curative powers and we're willing to drive from Santa Clara to get it. This place is good for happy days, rainy days and very sad days. The FAMILY that cooks this food cares, and the texture and taste of the dishes hasn't varied on more than 3 occasions in over 12 years of eating. I wish I spoke any of the languages the lady owner speaks, so I could thank her properly for the comfort and happiness China Delight brings. I may be from the South originally, but this place is my soul food.
This place is great for what it is: cheap chinese-american food. During the week  I spend a significant portion of the daylight hours in downtown Palo Alto.  Though there are lots of great choices for food in the area, it is dificault to find a spot where you can eat for $7 inclusive of tip.  It would have received five stars but they didnt give me a wonton last time I was there, but  I did get a nice fortune cookie.  If you want a place to eat where you will spend half as much as at any other spot in Palo Alto, this is it.
Great lunch deals which do not cost more than $7-8. I have'nt tried dinner yet. Just the right size portions.
After hoping to discover a new decent Chinese restaurant in Palo Alto, I was very disappointed with the quality of food and service for take-out from the China Delight.  Apparently, arriving fifteen minutes after calling was too long for them since the food had been given away; I had to wait for them to bring more out from the kitchen.  Not that it was worth waiting for, since the food tasted like it was made from a box mix and cost more than was indicated on the menu.  The only reprieve was the soup which, while a bit bland, was plentiful and hit the spot.
Great food, good service, really nice staff.  FAST take-out, good prices.
i love eating here ofr lunch. their food is inexpensive and u get just enough to fill up. i used to work in palo alto and ate there every other day. it is a little small but the food is good. from what i gather they have been there for over 20 years and i see why.
come here with the family whenever we drop by at palo alto. the owner is very welcoming and the food is great. they do add more veggies than meat in most of their dishes. ex: Mongolian Beef.
