Szechwan Cafe is a hole-in-the-wall Chinese joint that does a pretty good job. The dishes here aren't excessively oily or loaded with cornstarch. The service is efficient, if not overly friendly. I had the broccoli in spicy garlic sauce ($8.25) and the kung pao bean curd ($8.25). While the broccoli dish felt bland, I thought the kung pao was great---spicy, fried and fresh. The portion sizes are large and so, for $8.25 per dish, you get a lot of food. They don't have a ton of vegan/vegetarian dishes, but what they do have seems to be made with care. If they added some mockmeat dishes I'd be back more often. Szechwan also has brown rice, which is great, because it's way better than white rice. All told, I think this is a competent, pretty tasty restaurant. It won't blow you away, but it hits the spot and is a great value.
I had a dinner plate with spicy tofu. I was expecting a mabo tofu type soft cubed spicy tofu, but got triangle shaped fried tofu, in a spicy sauce. I asked them to leave out any meats, and they gladly did this. The other items with the dinner plate are a couple of pieces of fried won ton, sweet/sour tofu soup (seemed to be vegetarian), and rice. The serving was large, and it was served hot, and with vegetables as well, probably half broccoli, some carrots, and celery. We also got chicken curry fried rice, but instead of serving that as a dinner plate, with the soup, and won ton, we just got a huge plate of fried rice. The service was great, tea was hot, food was not excellent, but good. The dinner plate idea, where you get the combination of things like a lunch menu for just a bit more is a great idea. There was no wait, just a few other diners at about 6pm. Good value and service, pretty good food, but not excellent food. But I'll go back to try other dishes.
The dinner plates at Szechwan Cafe are unbeatable, especially for students in the area trying to get an enormous bang for their buck. I came here with friends almost weekly (sometimes more) for about six months. For around $10 a plate you get a mammoth portion of food and a bowl of hot and sour soup, which is honestly a reason to come in itself. I would rotate between cashew chicken, mongolian beef, beef and broccoli, and lemon chicken, although I never had a bad meal. Is it top-line gourmet cuisine? No. But the service is unbeatable, the food arrives extremely quickly, and you leave feeling full. The poor reviews are a bit surprising. Give it another shot.
Come here for the dinner combo plate! For roughly $10, you get a bowl of the soup of the day (which, evidently, is always a tofu sweet and sour, but at least it's consistently tasty); an ample portion of rice + two fried wontons + meat/veggie dish of choice; and of course, a fortune cookie. I've had cashew chicken; sweet and sour pork; kung pao chicken; and lemon chicken; all are good, but kind of depends if you're going fried, spicy, etc. Friends seem to have settled on mongolian beef (have tried and can endorse), general tso's, and beef with broccoli. Come the end of the meal, I am either stuffed or end up taking home leftovers, and I can stomach a surprisingly large amount of food for my size. No major complaints, although friends have mentioned that they wish the spicy dishes were a bit spicier. It isn't the fanciest or the best Chinese food that I've ever had, but I'm also not paying gourmet prices. If I'm looking for a quick, hot, affordable, tasty Chinese dinner on Sunday night close to campus, this is definitely my spot. Also, the owners/employees are the friendliest, kindest people, and I always feel great supporting their business. Become regulars like us, and they may even bring each guest a complimentary bowl of ice cream at the end of the meal.
When I was working in the neighborhood this was the best Chinese restaurant for lunch within a quick walk.  It wasn't that great, not when you consider all the better places in driving distance.  Kind of watery and small quantities.  But it was OK. What it was really good for was that, unlike most Chinese restaurants, it offers lunch-style rice plates for dinner as well.  (A slightly different list than the lunch offerings.)  This was a real advantage when I was working late and needed to have dinner by myself and craved Chinese but didn't want to go somewhere else and have a main and rice on the side for considerably more money. After I left that job I rarely came back, but recently I was in the neighborhood and felt like trying it again.  But after I sat down I realized I didn't want a rice plate; soup would be better.  So I ordered a bowl of wor won ton soup.  Oh my goodness, what had I been missing?  While it's not quite as fabulous as the wor won ton soup at New Kwok Wah in San Mateo, it's the only other one I've had that is worthy to be compared with it.  The won tons, in fact, are better: big, thick, and worth chewing.  No pork or broccoli in the soup, but lots of other meat and vegetables.  I was very satisfied.
Stopped in for a quick lunch. Ordered their lunch specials. Got the tomato beef- beef with tomatoes and onions, this dish was ok, wasn't the best. Also tried their twice cooked pork- wasn't much flavor and didn't get what the twice cooked was.. just felt sauteed. Overall, service wasn't bad, food wasn't the best. I won't be stopping in anytime soon..
Meh. Had better
When I worked in Palo Alto, I would go here with co-workers about every other week. The food isn't that great, but the prices are. You can get a lunch plate for $6.99, which includes soup, salad, and the main dish. The portions are decent and I always have leftovers, so it's almost like two meals for me. The service here is also good and the food typically comes out within 5 minutes of ordering. The main thing I wish they would change here is the ambiance. The place doesn't have air circulating so (especially in the summer) it's dry and stuffy.
An OK lunch place.  The food may only be a half step above other fast food chinese places (like panda express) but it's quick, and cheap.  Besides the lunch specials that most people tend to order the house chow mein is probably my favorite here but it's greasy and very filling and still only a step above a fast food palce
Place is ok, cant say much. The soup was served incredibly hot, wasn't able to touch it almost 20 minutes. Orange peel beef was good, I'd like to see some rice with it. Place didn't have ac running. The fish tank is dry and was sensing kind of like the place seen better times.
I have been to this restaurant three or four times.  Its is a clean restaurant with white table cloths.  Every time I went here I had something different, but the food tasted exactly the same.  They always use the same translucent red tinged sauce on everything and the last time I was there(Feb, 2012). it was far too sweet.  The chicken tasted bad, perhaps too old.  This place should be avoided.  There are many better restaurants on California Street within a very short distance.
Chicken Fried Rice is pretty terrible. I would have gladly paid twice the amount to have an awesome bowl of Chicken Fried Rice. Instead I got a bowl of dark meat that somewhat resembled chicken and a lackluster assortment of vegetables :( The staff was very nice and I hope they can up their game because they're right down the street from where I live and I'd probably visit more often if it was higher quality.
Wow, a lot of hate for this restaurant. I've been here maybe 5 times, and service has been relatively good for me. Whether it's been a busy lunch hour or dinner hour, food came out relatively quickly. Lunch was about 15-20 minutes for me. Dinner was noticeably longer, but every dish came out one after the other, so we always had something to keep us busy. I will say that the prices are expensive, WITH the exception of the lunch special. Ordering General's chicken at night is about 11 bucks. Ordering General's chicken for lunch comes with soup, rice, and a salad with slightly less chicken for $7.50. I could deal with that. I'll keep descriptions of each dish I've had: - General's chicken was nice and crispy, with maybe a bit too much sauce. - Crispy walnut shrimp was amazing, from the sauce to the texture to the taste. - I'm not a fan of the fried rice, as it wasn't cooked for too long, so the rice was relatively moist. Just dry enough to call it fried rice, but not the way I prefer. - Chow mein was pretty well done - Crispy prawns didn't have their heads (sigh) but were cooked well. Although they were pretty spicy. Customer service was decent for me, whether it was takeout or dine in. However, I did have one occasion where I ordered fried rice for my lunch special and got white rice instead because they were out. I was surprised since I came relatively early for the lunch hour, but the food was good enough for me to withhold a complaint. It's pretty expensive overall, so I wouldn't come here often if not for the lunch special.
Come here on your 60 minute lunch break to wait 40 minutes to be served your sub-par chinese food. That's really it. I mean, the food isn't good, and between when i ordered and when i got it was 30 minutes (this is a constant no matter how many people i'm with, whether or not i'm calling in an order). Even on light days when not many people are there, it's still a tremendous wait for food. Don't trust them when you call in and they say food will be ready in 10, 15, or 20 minutes--add 10 minutes to that. If it ends up being that every other restaurant on California Avenue has been casualty to nuclear warfare and you find yourself at Szechwan Cafe as the only source of food, here's my advice: call your order in 20 minutes ahead, repeat your order twice (they're bound to get something wrong if you don't, or even if you do), you'll be seated when your food is ready, and ask for the check immediately because it could take a good 10 minutes or more for that whole ordeal to be handled.
I work down the street so I eat the lunch takeout here a lot. The lunch plates are pretty good and are large enough for two people to split. It also comes with soup that's pretty darn good. I usually get the general's chicken 80% of the time. The other 20%, I get the chow fun. The decor in the restaurant could definitely use a face lift but I'm only there a few minutes to pick up my food so it's not really an issue. The food is easily much better than Panda Express now down the street.
This is a 1 star establishment that I'm giving a bonus for (because the food is edible) and I'll tell you why. If you go to a place that is named "Szechwan Cafe" wouldn't you expect Szechwan style food? I was "practically" born in the United States, but I can still tell what is Szechwan food and this is not.  There is not one Szechwan dish on the menu. To wit, their Ma Po Tofu which they called Spicy Tofu or some such was not even spicy.  There were no peppers to speak of.  Nor did it have any Hwa Jiao in it.  For the record, Ma Po Tofu is one of the simplest staple dishes any Chinest restaurant can serve. The restaurant is clean, the owners are humble, and the service is courteous.  You can eat here, and you won't say to yourself, gosh the food was so bad I can't put it down... but chances are, if you have some conception of what Chinese food is, you will realize Szechwan Cafe sadly does not serve it; Szechwan or otherwise. If however, you are craving for some Americanese food, have at it.  You've found one in Palo Alto (though there are plenty of other choices here). Apologies to Yelpers if that sounded like a backhanded dig against Palo Alto - I can't help my Cal affiliations sometimes.
Recently I was exhausted, my son was visiting, and we were hungry. In the past we'd picked up food from Mandarin Cuisine in the Alma Plaza because it was close, but not only did the food quality go way down hill (can you believe moldy string beans in beef and string bean???), but they'd closed, so I responded to a coupon and ordered from Szechwan Cafe that promised delivery. Beef with string bean was one of the items we ordered.  The prices were high, but we ordered a bunch to give them a try and to take advantage of the coupon offer. When the order arrived...it seemed like years!  The food was almost inedible.  Add to that the insult that they brought us a high priced box of beans (no beef) and when we called, their comprehension of English became worse than ever...no refund, no apology. Believe me, there'll be no repeat business.  If I'd known, as I do now, that it's the same management that was happy to serve moldy string beans I would have saved a bundle. If you like to be over-charged, and fed inferior produce, this is the place for you!
After eating here last night, I think I have eaten at every restaurant on the California av strip. I am going to try and say only positive things about this place. We had the whole restaurant to ourselves The waitress understood what we said. The portions were big The the food was errrr, edible. We were out of there fast
Pretty terrible! We ordered our food and my husband's was wrong and they wouldn't fix it because they had taken his food to another table (they thought the best thing to do would be to bring the other table's food to him as a fair trade), when I said "we aren't paying for this mistake then, right? She brought a can of soda and said "pay, yes. Here's can of soda, free." The plates were disgustingly grimy too... My plate in particular felt crusty and had a curly short black hair in all of the grime. I had food poisoning that night too, I knew the chicken didn't taste right, especially since it was slimy. I took one bite and gagged.
Eh, I had a fairly bad experience here recently. I came on a Friday and the place was packed. Apparently there are only 3 people running the show for a restaurant that really needs at least 2 people in the house bussing and taking orders at all times. We waited 30+ minutes before getting our dishes and they even messed up the order for the brown rice, bringing white rice instead. The owner, Hsu, brought it out and I asked why there wasn't brown rice, and he said "oh yeah, there's no more" but definitely had the "oops, I forgot" face on. "I forgot" is fine, I do it too.. better that than a lie. Worse, the General's Chicken was fried in very old oil and had a bit of a bitter taste as a result. The price is still right, but I'm starting to doubt the appeal of this place based solely on that.
Nice greasy (sometimes pseudo-)Chinese food that sticks to you. Huge portions for cheap. It is... Read more 
Josh K.'s review is dead on. Here's my experience today: I had the day off again and my wife was hungry for some cheap fast Chinese food for lunch. I picked up 2 other co-workers of hers and made it a party of 4. Parallel parking was easy given a busy 12:30pm lunch stop. We arrived and didn't have to wait. The waiter was speedy to take our order and provide us with tea and ice water. Food came out pretty fast at about a 5 minute wait. We all ordered: Shrimp Chow Fun, Beef Chow Fun, Lemon Chicken lunch special, Cashew Chicken special, and an order of General Chicken to-go. The bill came to $38.50 before tip. My Lemon Chicken was exactly the same way everyone else makes it. The fried piece of chicken was large and cut into strips with lemon sauce evenly covering it. White rice, a small bowl of salad, and hot and sour soup complemented the meal. Personally, I thought they put too much vinegar in the soup. Overall, the lunch was quick and easy. Large portions give me the inspiration to go back for a second lunch if in that part of Palo Alto. I'll just have to stick with the restaurants and cafes on the University side for now, and there are plenty of places to try, believe me!
I went here for lunch today, and it was hit and miss. My wife had the scallops with fresh vegetables, and it was very fresh, with a nice interesting sauces. My dish on the other hand wasn't that great.  I had the shrimp with spicy garlic sauce.  The shrimp was fresh, which was good, but the sauce was not spicy and way too sweet.  It had an interesting flavor, but got overwhelming after about three bites. I'd go back, but unless they have more hits, I might have to change my rating.
Before I went here, I was pretty convinced that Palo Alto had no good non-Cantonese Chinese food. Now I'm even more convinced. I'd been past this place and never been tempted because there isn't any Chinese writing on the sign or the front window, usually an indication of "Chinese-inspired food for nervous white people." But tonight my wife and I (she's Chinese; I'm white but not nervous) decided to give it a shot. Our first warning was that the place was completely empty, but it was only 6:30 so that's not *that* unusual. Second warning was that we had to ask for chopsticks, having been supplied with nothing but forks initially. Still, if the food was good, none of that would matter. We ordered the potstickers, the dry braised string beans, and, since it claimed to be a Sichuan place, one of the spicy chicken items (don't remember the exact English name; "ma la ji ding" in Chinese). They gave us some hot and sour soup to start, and to be fair, that was not awful. A little mild but okay. The potstickers had super-thick skin, to the point of being gummy, and the filling had a slightly sweet flavor. We drowned them in hot sauce and they were tolerable. The string beans were very undercooked; it looked like they had been pan-fried for a few seconds at most, just enough to get a few scorch marks but not enough to cook all the way through. They were not tossed with any kind of sauce or ground pork or anything, just served as is and slightly greasy. The spicy chicken was anything but. "Sweet" would be a better word to describe it. The Chinese name for this dish includes the words for numbing-spicy ("ma") and hot-spicy ("la") the combination of which is the signature of Sichuan cuisine, but there was not even a slight hint of the former and barely any of the latter. It was just chunks of chicken in a slightly sweet, slightly salty sauce tossed with some veggies and peppers. This dish should have been where the place earned its name, but I can't imagine anyone from Sichuan even recognizing it as belonging to their cuisine. The waiter was nice enough; can't vouch for his English skills since we only spoke Chinese to him. Since the place was basically deserted we had no trouble getting his attention as needed. And the quantity was okay for the price. I don't see why anyone would choose to go here. There are better places to get super-Americanized Chinese food, and there are *much* better places to get actual Sichuan food (you'll have to leave Palo Alto for that, but not by too much.)
This used to be my favorite Chinese food in Palo Alto, but the last few times I've gotten take-out (since Adam left -- sniff!) it just hasn't been the deliciousness it once was.  It's still good, mind you, but as another reviewer noted, it  would seem as though things are not going to be the same. My favorite dishes are anything involving eggplant (I love the way they do eggplant, even if the new chef doesn't do it quite as well) and the string beans.
My wife and I began frequenting this small cafe in 2008.  We had tried plenty of similar restaurants in the area.  I was leery about eating here.  After all, it isn't exactly a capacious dining area. However... The food and service here are much better than what I expected!  As soon as you are seated, you are welcomed with a complementary pot of superb green tea.  The wait staff is always patient and helpful as you make a selection from their eclectic menu of Szechwan provincial cuisine.  Personally, I prefer the Chicken in Spicy Garlic Sauce, the piquant Mongolian Beef, the traditional General's Chicken and the Mu Shu with absolutely delectable homemade thin pancake wrappers. We have taken guests to some of the more reputable Chinese restaurants in the SF Bay area.  Ironically, all of them have been more impressed with this small cafe that is within a short walking distance of our home.  Not only is the service good, but the food is delicious and served in portions that exceed the price that you pay.  The restaurant also offers those subtle "extras" -- like complementary desert (e.g. green tea ice cream, etc...) following your meal. Personally, I prefer the food at the Szechwan Cafe over what I have been served at P. F. Chang's or even Chef Chu's.  Not only is the food here consistently cooked correctly -- but the serene atmosphere is absolutely quaint.  Even though the dining area is small, you never feel rushed or claustrophobic.  It reminds me of what eating in an Oriental cafe must have been like fifty years ago. If you want great food and a good experience, I highly recommend the Szechwan Cafe!  Located on California Ave. within walking distance of Facebook and CalTrain, this place is worth a try.
This place is filled with regulars any day of the week. The food is incredible, fresh and original. Adam Hsu, the owner, will suggest things if you can't make up your mind, and make you things not on the menu if you ask. He makes the very unique floral arrangements on each table and also carves the little food decorations on the plates himself. Sometimes late at night he even plays the flute in the back of the restaurant. He's had lots of offers to expand or take on partners, but he says that's not the way he wants to do business. He prefers to keep it small, with loyal customers. Try the walnut prawns here, and nowhere else will ever be satisfactory. It's a little gem of a place. Update: Owner Adam Hsu has made a CD of his flute music! And you know what, it's good. I keep it in the player in my bedroom to relax to when falling asleep. Available for sale at the restaurant. Update 9.25.06: My last takeout meal was not so great. I also noticed Adam and his usual employees were not there when I came in. Someone told me later that he sold the restaurant in order to have some personal time, but that he is somehow still involved. Amazing how quickly the food quality seems to have been affected...I will give them another chance, but I have a feeling things are not going to be the same.
As soon as I was seated, I noticed that every place setting at every table consisted of a plate, a linen napkin and a lone fork. No chop sticks at all. I panicked. What kind of Chinese restaurant doesn't include chopsticks with their default place setting? I ordered hot and sour soup and beef chow fun. The soup was sour, but not spicy at all. Luckily, there was chili oil and white pepper at the table to adjust the taste to my liking. The chow fun was good. All of the noodles were separated, no stuck together stacks. The beef was alright. The fortune cookie at the end was slightly stale, but I don't like fortune cookies anyway.
Update 1/9/08:  Adam has retired and Szechwan Cafe is the worse for it.  So sad.... ~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Original 5 Star Review from 4/27/06 I order lunches for work events all the time, Adam Hsu always does a great job, he's always on time with deliveries, the prices are reasonable, he's happy to make suggestions when I need them, and the food is always terrific.  Definately a favorite of mine in Palo Alto.
I came here after work and ordered the orange chicken with pork friend rice, yet the guy gave me white rice. I usually repeat my orders, but this time I didn't. I place my order to go, so I didn't realize I had white rice until I got to the hotel. They took about 15 mins with my food and quite frankly, it was TERRIBLE and the chicken tasted reallllllllyyy old. I can't believe that they are still in business and people actually eat here. The quality of food is just terrible and there are too many great restaurants around the area to enjoy a better meal. I do have to say that the staff was super nice and friendly!
3 stars here for the food.  The food is solid, good, Chinese food, that's medium on the greasiness. Extra star for the *garnishes*!  They are amazing.  If you come into the place, there's a giant arrangement in the front.  If you get the dinner plate, it'll always come with a beautiful flower garnish.  I wonder if the chef back there is actually an out of work sculptor.
Average quick chinese food.   I used to come here a lot for lunch because a friend worked around the corner.  A Vegan friend at that.  She seemed to trust the food here, so it was a good choice for us. I recently went back and it was a step below average.  I had the shrimp with lobster sauce. If you feel like Chinese and are starving and standing right next to this place, then go.  otherwise, stay away.
For a sit-down restaurant, they have really fast service.  There's a required minimum order per person, which seemed kinda odd to me.  (They came to my table with a soup before I even asked for anything, probably because it comes with your minimum order.) Also, I'm a big fan of spicy foods, and while they have plenty of hot items to choose from, the food I ordered wasn't hot enough for me.
This place under new mgmt doesn't seem like the old place that people used to like. Reasonably nice inside, okay service, but the food is nothing special. Had the kung pao chicken and any good szechwan or mandarin place would make it nice and spicy with chili peppers. The kung pao chicken came with a lame more Cantonese-like thick brown sauce and wasn't spicy at all. Food was still alright overall and the lunch plate was visually pleasing, but not the kung pao chicken I was expecting. Lunch deal for $6.95 with a side soup, tiny salad, and rice. Bottom line: Ho hum Chinese and not very good kung pao chicken.
L.H. has done a great job capturing how good the dining experience is here.  The food decorations are worth the price of dinner alone, let alone the food.  Contrast it with a well-known place like House of Nan King in SF, and I say, I'll take this jewel instead. You can see their menu at their web site, http://cyberstars.com/sz... .  Definitely worth a taste.
I've gone to this place so many times over the past years that I don't even need to open the menu anymore.  I'll usually suggest one of the several dishes I absolutely love (like Sizzling Beef in Tea Sauce or Chicken in Black Bean Sauce with Green Beans), and then suggest a few ingredients to Adam for him to make another dish for the table.  The garnishes that come with the food are beautiful, and there's always a little tray of fruit at the end of the meal.  I've got a CD of Adam's flute music now so I can enjoy it even while not enjoying his food.  Try this place -you'll love it!  I only wish that the restaurant would upgrade their one rickety highchair - sometimes friends'  toddlers determine which restaurants we dine at together. Update October 2006:  I was so sad to discover that Adam retired and sold the place to a relative.  Without Adam there aren't any fanciful garnishes or dessert fruit trays.  It's still cheap and good, but now it's more like any other hole-in-the-wall Chinese restaurant. Some of my favorite dishes didn't taste quite the same either.
This place is really bad. Flavorless, gummy sauces, no spice... just lame and bad... and not even lame and bad in a sort of enjoyable sometimes way like Panda Express... just bad.
This restaurant is not authentic, but acceptable.  I've been here twice.  The prices ($8-$10/ dish) are reasonable and the food is good if you you like safe "Chinese" food that is gears toward the American palate.  The orange beef was a little fast- foody in nature with commercial-tasting syrupy sauce.  The green beans with pork were excellent. Con:  The tea is never hot, and they refill it with lukewarm water.  And they use teabags which isn't so great either.
This place would have gotten three stars, because it's as average as they come, but when they charged us for rice, I got pretty grumpy. What kind of Chinese place charges for rice with the entree?  They had no crab rangoon, which bummed me out, but had fried wonton instead... with nothing inside. The broccoli dish I got was pretty good, but the sweet and sour sauce was way too thick on the chicken and overall, I found it very underwhelming. And the fortune cookies had no fortune!  What kind of place has no fortunes in their fortune cookies?!
This used to be my favorite Chinese restaurant in Palo Alto when I worked in the area a few years back. I frequented the place for lunch many times. I had loved the "special chicken" lunch special and would always order that for lunch. I went back there recently and the the food is not like it was back then and both my friend and I were very disappointed. I don't think I will be back there any time soon.
The walnut chicken was good... the rest went in the trash. We now know there are two Chinese restaurants on California street. One presumably is still good and hires chiefs that are usually a bit highstrung - the other is more practical and for $55 fills boxes with the product of what is likley a former army line-cook. The delivery guy was really nice.
Went for lunch. Hot & Sour soup was not the best. Chinese chicken salad was fine, but it's pretty hard to get that wrong. The real bummer was with my order of Kung Pao. It came out with just a brown gravy sauce, not the Kung Pao sauce. I mentioned it to the waitress and she said that yes indeed that was their Kung Pao. I also asked for it extra spicy, but instead of modifying the overall ingredients, it came out with 8 pieces of thickly sliced jalapeno chili on top. My friend's Sweet And Sour Pork was good, but I'd have to pass on this one if it came up again. Plenty of other better options in Palo Alto.
I had takeout from here the other night.  Since last time the food was so bland, I requested it to be medium this time, and it was much better.  Had some flavor to it.  I had the Mongolian Beef which was pretty good and the General chicken which was only ok. The other thing is that I am not crazy about their rice,  I usually love Chinese restaurant rice but this was not great.
I had dinner here a few nights ago.  I did not choose the location or the items ordered.  I thought... Read more 
We ordered food from this establishment and was told it would be delivered at 5:30pm. Around 6 we called them to find out when our food would be delivered and they told us it would be another 15min. At 6:15 we started making PB&J sandwiches for the cranky kids because they were hungry and our food still hadn't arrived. At 6:30 the food finally got there and they gave us 10% off for the inconvenience. Had the food been really good it would have been worth the wait, but it was not. We ordered several entrees as well as fried rice and chow mein and everything tasted the same; it was very bland. The only difference between the cashew chicken and the kung pow chicken was a tiny little red pepper we found at the bottom of the container. I'm very loyal to small local businesses but this is one place I will never return to.
Very good.  The mu shu chicken was great but I wish they gave more pancakes.  The chow mein could have used more veggies.  Service was solid.
The discrepancy in satisfaction between pre- and post-April 2007 reviews is easily explained: Szechwan Cafe is the new Mandarin Cuisine.  You might remember Mandarin as that little oasis of Chinese (sort of) food in the now-completely-dead Alma Plaza.  Well, the owners packed up, moved here, and took over.  The relocation came with some price jacking, making for average food at above-average prices.  But the Mongolian Beef is still yummy enough to make the occasional visit worthwhile.
I USED to arrange for lunch and dinner deliveries for about 20 people on a pretty regular basis from Szechwan Cafe.  They had a pretty good deal priced per person so I could budget easily.  I recently arranged for one of my normal food deliveries and everything changed.  It is no longer owned by Adam Sun, who had great customer service and I could always count on.  This last time, my food was delivered 45 minutes LATE and all I got was an "I'm sorry".  I called several times after to follow up and never got a return phone call.  I WILL NEVER ORDER FROM THEM AGAIN AND I WILL TELL ALL MY CO-WORKERS AND FRIENDS NEVER TO GO HERE AGAIN.  They just lost a lot of business. Bottom line - DON'T UTILIZE THIS RESTAURANT!!!!
I like vegetables and lots of them, and I like them cooked simply.  That's hard to get in most restaurants. I asked for the Vegetable Delight cooked without oil. In most Chinese restaurants that gets me a plate of soggy lukewarm steamed vegetables that tastes like dirty water. Here, they stir-fried the vegetables without oil (water or broth maybe?) and made a delicious sauce that wasn't too salty. There was enough to feed three people. The hot and sour soup is the best I've ever had - just beware, if you're vegan, it has egg. The two people I was with had General Tso's tofu (instead of chicken) and Chow Mein. Both were delicious. Portions are huge, and the food is really fresh and hot. The waitress is very nice. One of us has many food allergies, and she was very careful with our order, even bringing out the box from the spring roll wrappers so we could read the ingredients ourselves. I don't know why this restaurant doesn't get more of a crowd - back in NJ this food would have lines forming out the door. There were only a few other people eating there when we were there. Worked out great for us - no problem with service.
The first time I was here was for a party that was catered with an original menu designed by the chef, complete with a dazzling array of garnishes.  Who knew food could look this good?  Every dish looks like a photo from a magazine or cookbook, but unlike a magazine or cookbook, you get to eat it.  And that's the best part, really, because the food here is heaven.  If you want Szechwan food, come to California Avenue in Palo Alto.  It's that simple.
The food here is not authentic, and not that great.  The walnut prawns were smothered in sauce, and their pork with garlic sauce was definitely not what I expected.  Their spicy chicken also wasn't very spicy, which was surprising considering this is called Szechwan Cafe.  Everything tasted fine, but it definitely wasn't really Chinese food, let alone Szechwan cuisine.
I'm with Winona on this. I had a Kung Pao Chicken lunch special. The hot and sour soup was sour but not hot; the Kung Pao was watery and not especially flavorful; the fortune cookies were stale. But the service was OK and the food was plentiful.
I like this restaurant for decent Chinese food. But today I went in for lunch, and the place was empty. The young woman who seated me was nothing but sullen. She was slow to bring me a menu, unfriendly no matter how nice I was, she never stopped by during lunch with the usual "everything OK?" question, and was slow to pick up my plate after lunch. When she finally brought my check, she never came back to give me change, assuming the $10 I gave her was going to cover it ($2.50 on my $7.50 lunch). I just left it for her without saying anything. Hope it'll help her smile.
Got the house special chow fun.  Combo of beef/chicken/shrimp.  Typical greasy fare, 7.25 (7.85 with tax), good for satisfying that chinese take out craving but that's about it.
This is really bad, went there for lunch and ordered the eggplant.  The eggplant pieces where floating in oil and it tasted horribly. Also I did not get a good feeling about the cleanliness of this place.
I found this restaurant because of the recommendations of the people on this Yelp site. After having two separate dining experiences there I would have to say they are very correct in terms of the food and service. On my first visit my boyfriend and I were greeted by Adam (the owner). We were quickly seated and given a menu. I was going to order spicy shrimp in garlic sauce and my boyfriend was going to order the orange peel beef. Adam came to take our order and he made some great suggestions. He recommended the shrimp in spicy garlic sauce (it also has green beans in it) and to accompany it he was adamant that we should try the spicy tofu with eggplant (with basil). For appetizers we got the potstickers in garlic soy sauce and we were also given hot and sour soup. Their hot and sour soup is wonderful-- it's not too sour or salty and there are plenty of mushrooms and bamboo in it. It was really good. Aside from Adam's assistance we were also helped by a wonderful man (whose name I don't have). He came to check on me and my boyfriend during our dinner to make sure everything tasted well. When we went back a second time 2 weeks later he recognized us and warmly welcomed us. The waitstaff is incredibly attentive and they ask us what we like, in order to help us decide what to order. In regards to the food itself, it's just plain fantastic. I don't feel really heavy or weighed-down after eating here. And Adam is very vocal about cooking in a healthy fashion without too much oils and more flavor and seasonings. When they delivered the food it arrived very well decorated-- the radish had been decorated like a mushroom and there were little flowers made from apples (I think it was apples). This place has great food and service, decent prices and the service is wonderful.
The food is great, although the one drawback is that they don't have "water-cooked fish", which is one of my favorite Szechwan dishes.  The owners run the place too, and they are very attentive.  The first time I went, the dude was playing his ancient Chinese stringed instrument in the dining room.
We like this place.  It is quiet, the food is inexpensive, the salmon and vegetables special is quite good.  The staff are very friendly and accommodating.
Every time I eat here the place is packed!  Once you sit down for lunch or dinner you'll understand why.  I love coming to the Szechwan Cafe because it's the only Chinese restaurant that serves "clean" food.  There are no mysterious chunks in the meat or grease infested plates of mush.  This is the one place to get clean, fresh and tasty Chinese food in the area.  The servers are polite and incredibly attentive without being annoying.  Great place to eat.
4 stars. why? Main courses were good as were their variety, quality + quantity of food but a bit too salty for my taste buds.
Eh - just so so on the food.  Should have known - the place next store was packed full, and this place was mostly empty at lunch time.
I keep coming here out of nostalgia, and because I'm never disappointed when getting take-out. As noted by just about everyone, Szechwan took a nosedive when Adam left; he was an excellent host with great attention to detail and loved entertaining his guests. Pine not for the past, those days will not come again. Now it's slightly above average, and though the new owners try, they're not as naturally friendly or as thoughtful about the dining experience. It's still quite good for somewhat-authentic Chinese cuisine, just different. The lunch and dinner combos (for lack of better word) are a good deal and contain huge quantities of food; I've only ever once finished a serving in one sitting, when I was absolutely starving. I still think it's odd having to request chopsticks, but that's mostly griping. Truth be told, I miss the pieces of food art more than anything else. Adam would make cucumber flowers and such all the time, which really added a certain flair and made you want to come back. Now, Szechwan is just another Chinese place, although a lot better than the other one down the street.
Came back again.  Was much better this time.  Food seemed much fresher.  Very fast, friendly service.
I've been coming here for 20+ years for lunch. This was my first visit under new ownership. The... Read more 
This place had a great lunch menu.  For around 7-8 dollars, you get a soup, rice and entree.  I ordered the two kind of mushroom chicken and was presented with a huge plate of food.  Though the decor is boring, it's reasonably clean and the food came out quickly.  I would recommend for lunch.
We have been eating there regularly for the last year or so.  Good food.  Good service.
This place is great for lunch, my colleagues and I go there at least twice a week. Walnut shrimp, mongolian beef, house special rice noodles or general's chicken are our favorites. They also do combinations of several dishes upon request. Brown rice is served, plenty of vegeterian choices. Some dishes arguably could be healthier but this is not Panda express or one of junk fast food chinese restaurants as other reviewers seem to be implying, the food tastes well and the service is great.
I tried this place because I got some coupons in the mail and had heard good things about it.  Apparently they have recently re-opened under new management, which in this case has perhaps been a detriment.  This was the most astonishingly mediocre Chinese I have ever tasted.  The broccoli was overcooked and tasteless, the "Chef's Special" 'spicy' orange peel chicken was about as flavorful as a Midwest stew, and even the egg rolls were barely edible - how do you mess up EGG ROLLS?  This may just be a side effect of the new management getting into stride, but I certainly have no desire to give them another try later, after this.
food's ok.  mediocre at best.   good-sized portions, though, which i was surprised by.   i think i like su hong's food mo' betta. but what has made me come back to szechwan cafe twice in less than a week? the chili oil!   that lil' jar of fire that's in every table in every chinese joint. szechwan cafe's is not just your regular oil- or vinegar-based chinese restaurant chili paste.   i think they roast the chilis first.  then they add what i suspect is peanut oil.  the end product is this dark brown, peanuty, smokey goodness that really makes their dishes sing. and i was chatting up the super-nice server last night and she claimed they make 'em inhouse.   i would love a gallon of that sitting in my fridge.
went during a power outage.  (power was out for the block) group of 3 parking relatively easy ~11$ ample seating server was able to remember our order without writing anything down not very many asian customers mu shu vegetables ok combination chow fun ok chicken something so so (rating could be 4; power outage not their fault)
It use to be really great and then the owner changed about a year ago. Too bad.
Blech!! Inedible, greesy food.  Bad service.  Non-English-speaking staff.  No wonder this place is always deserted.
new management alert!!!!
All I wanted was Chinese food delivered to my door. I was tired and hungry. Too much to ask? Apparently. I ordered online through http://Eat24Hours.com . The order went through fine, I got the confirmation ... and an HOUR AND 45 MINUTES LATER there was still no food! My husband called and called the restaurant, who claimed the delivery guy had left an hour earlier. We waited another 30 minutes. Still nothing. My husband kept calling back, and eventually the man at the other end - who either could not speak English or was pretending not to, frustrating for my chinese husband - hung up on him and stopped answering the phone. My husband went down to the restaurant to demand a refund, which he got. Of course, as soon as he left, the delivery guy showed up, gave me a sunny smile and a "so sorry" and dropped off our cold, greasy food. WE WILL NEVER, NEVER AGAIN GIVE THIS RESTAURANT OUR BUSINESS. Two hours and 15 minutes for Chinese takeout? Rude phone service? Forget it.
