Delightful.  Family operated.  I can't imagine why anyone would choose the Panda Express across the street from this place.  It looks small from the outside but is actually two pleasant rooms, nicely decorated. I went for the mabo tofu ramen and the special appetizer takoyaki.  I enjoyed my lunch and the atmosphere.  I will likely return.
Wow, I freaking hate these guys. We were the only guests and there was only one visible worker... who seated us and took our order while she was on her cell phone. I'm glad she could find time for us! x_X Food sucks. Worst noodles I've had in the Bay Area. Probably anywhere actually. Chatty Cathy waitress also gave herself extra tip on my debit card. Unless there was a ridiculously high usage charge? (I was charged $30 for two bowls of noodles)
Lunch seems to be popular here. I stopped by here because my boyfriend's shop is nearby & we were in need of sustinence. So yes, I went in because I saw that it was somewhat packed with people eating lunch. I thought I'd give it a try.. The lunch plates are reasonably priced. You pick a main dish from their list and it comes with a spring roll, hot & sour or egg flower soup, and steamed rice. I had the egg plant with garlic sauce and I got my boyfriend the kung pao chicken. The portions are very big and I could hardly finish my food. I couldn't say the same for my boyfriend since he finished all of his. haha While I was waiting for my food, the server was very nice and super polite. He gave me water while I waited and kept assuring me my food was almost ready.
Generic, slightly Americanized Chinese food, though surprisingly tasty and a good deal for the price. Close to campus, hole-in-the-wall atmosphere. No MSG, light on the oil; these were good signs. Their xiao long bao were nothing to write home about and their dumplings with hot oil came smothered in peanut sauce, with nary a trace of hot oil. I took a couple bites and couldn't eat anymore. Their homestyle tofu was ok and their beef with broccoli was a lot better after I asked them to add sha-cha BBQ sauce and swap out the (western) broccoli for kong xin cai (water spinach). They also have dou miao/pea sprouts available too. Tips to remember: 1. They seem to cater mainly to the college student crowd and do a pretty good job of capturing that demographic. 2. Substitute for real Chinese vegetables. I'd probably eat there more often (and rate it higher) if it was within walking distance of where I lived. As it is, I'd rather drive down to Castro where I can get the real deal.
I've ordered from this place via http://waiter.com twice. Both times I got my usual "see if this Chinese place is any good" meal: sweet & sour pork lunch special with chow mein. If I'd remembered the second time that I'd tried it before, I would have saved myself ten bucks and gotten something tasty from a different place. Both times: - the order was delayed (could have been due to one of the other restaurants, but since this place is two for two with being in late orders, I am suspicious) - the meat tasted burned - the sauce was more sour than sweet - the veggies were overdone, to the point that the bell peppers tasted bitter - the chow mein was bland (but compared to the inedible sweet & sour pork, it was practically ambrosia) It's possible that their other dishes are better, but sweet & sour pork is good every decent Chinese restaurant I've tried, so any place that can't do it well isn't likely to get more of my money to see if their other stuff is any better.
I am giving 4 stars because this place does what it advertises fairly well, which is quick, americanized chinese food on a budget. I had a lunch special of Beef and Bok Choy, and was pleasantly surprised by the flavor of the sauce, and that the beef hadn't been treated and softened like typical chinese restaurants. As well, the woman working had offered to make me my favorite chinese dish, Egg Foo Yung, even though it was not on the menu.  Thats really a treat!  So I will go back to try it someday. The place was clean, food presented well, and about the cheapest chinese lunch special you can find in this area.
Oh god, how can anyone ruin possibly ruin ramen- the simplest of dishes? Unfortunately, the aptly named 'Ramen'/ Fresh Taste (both misnomers, in the writer's opinion), manages to do something amazing with a simple dish, easily cooked in a small hot plate in three minutes: utterly mutate, and make it close to inedible. The experience was something surreal: Deterred from the desired lunch at the Chipotle line, I made a U-turn and decided to try my luck at this generic-sounding restaurant.. The moment I set foot into the traditional-looking cloth door, the restaurant was halved- divided into a seating area with Chinese motif, and the smaller (I guess that's the 'Ramen' side), covered in 'Japanese' decor. For some inexplicable reason, the management saw it fit not to play a single note of music over the PA system...While I would never take heed of something so small in less-nauseating circumstances, its absence made for a traumatic experience, which will remain forever festering in my craw.The latter, completely unlit, to my surprise, I was sitting in a Chinese restaurant. The ramen, however, was still on the menu (among stereotypical American-Chinese dishes)..There was a curry-ramen option on the menu; something difficult to find at most bay area ramen places...Like anything else on the menu, it was a request rooted in the purest masochism; a voluntary kick in the digestive tract, from which I would strain to recover.....To ever use the words 'bland' and 'curry' in the same breath is nothing short of an oxymoron...'Ramen,' however, defies the laws of good sense, and manages to create a lukewarm dish of broth,  with half a hardboiled egg, and some stalks of bok-choy carelessly tossed into the tepid bile. It's a wonder how someone can take, again, such a simple dish and turn it into something pathogenic. I would hesitate to bring my enemies here. Here's to hoping the place shuts down, and is replaced by something far less vile. -AF
had their tan-tan ramen today for lunch - delicious! never had that kind of ramen before. it's definitely a full, heavier flavor - if that's what you like. their postickers were great as well - taste like the homemade ones with thicker skin/dough, but can be fried a bit crispier on the bottom. would definitely wanna come back to try other stuff! go check them out! prices are really reasonable too. they have parking in the back of the restaurant, although i found plenty of parking on the street (on a sat lunchtime time though).
Been here a few times for the lunch specials, the food,service and taste were right on for the price. The atmosphere was run of the mill but other than that, the meal was tasty the service was prompt. Mongolian beef seemed to be a hit among the crowd that joined me for lunch. Stick with the american chinese menu and avoid the ramen.
I like their americanized chinese food.  Avoid their seafood.  I made the mistake of straying from the sweet and sour pork, and ended up with rancid scallops.  ew.
Pretty good food and friendly service. I had donburi chicken katsu, which was very tasty. Clean, and well priced. Nothing fancy, but a good spot to get some lunch.
This places serves absolutely the worst excuse for ramen I have ever had.  A 49 cent package of noodles you get at 7-11 is a vast improvement.  There is no broth, it is simply hot water.  I ate a few bites and that was all I could stomach.  Really criminal that they try to serve such garbage.  I would not eat here again if it were the last restaurant on earth.
Saw a sign that read, "Japanese Ramen"...and was excited to try it out...it was a bit confusing as i walked in using the entrance on the right but took me into a Chinese restaurant...kept an open mind even though a Japanese ramen place was operated by a Chinese restaurant...ordered the Hokkaido Ramen and Pork Gyoza...sad to say, it didn't come close to reminding me of ramen and gyoza in Japan...when you take that first sip of the broth...it should give you that comforting, "ahhh" taste and feeling...it didn't...the gyoza was more Chinese style than Japanese...not that there's anything wrong with that...the skin was too thick and the flavor was just not the same...They'll have to advertise this place as Chinese style ramen...if you're looking for Chinese style Japanese food, then fine...but if you're looking for authentic Japanese style ramen, gyoza, etc. this is not the place...
