Awesome service . I got the dumpling, rice cake and beef soft tofu soup. It was delicious! Everything in the dish had lots of flavor. The rice cake was cute and fluffy =]  the side dishes were superb ( I didn't like the kimchi that much though , but that didn't diminish my experience at all since everything else was so yummy) . I ordered mild , but it was still a bit spicy  which is what I was going for ! Perfect! Lots of parking ( which coming from SF, it's a blessing ) $10.67 well spent. Hands down one of the best soft tofu soups I've ever had ( and I've had quite a lot of them )
I've been biking past this place since I moved here, wondering about it every day.  And now, they have a banner up, advertising their vegetarian menu (well, according to them, their vegeterian menu), and coming back from two months in the Middle East, I couldn't resist! We got the vegetarian dumpling tofu soup, and the vegetarian bi bim bap, along with all the sides that come with.  Both were hearty, and delicious, and everything we wanted in an awkwardly early dinner.  The mushrooms in the bi bim bap were especially meaty and flavorful, and I love that contrast between the soft, chewy rice and the crispy rice from the edges.  The kim chi here is phenomenal, and there's such a good array of sides, from the fresh bean sprouts and cucumbers to the savory seaweed to the spicy kim chi to the sweet dressed potatoes. And it's not too expensive, either... under $30 for two people, with sodas.  The service was pretty slow, but it mostly just seemed like an issue of understaffing.  We'll have to go back and see if it gets better... And if I need to update to five stars. Because the taste of the food is worth it!
Delicious tofu soup. I've had many places but this place was one of the best! First off, delicious Korean side dishes (Banchan). Each plate was seasoned just enough to warrant more, but not enough to overpower the other dishes. You can get more FREE OF CHARGE which I thought was awesome. They serve each of their tofu stews with Black/Purple rice, which I thought was a nice touch. They also get more FREE OF CHARGE. I got the Seafood tofu soup with Medium (3) SPICY. The spiciness wasn't very spicy at all. On a scale of 1 to 5, the Medium (3) would be the same as a dash of Cayenne pepper. They included one clam, and four shrimps, which I thought was pretty good considering most places give two shrimps. It was seasoned very nicely and they give you a FREE EGG as well. Delightful dish with delicious tofu and other ingredients. They were also consistent on their WATER refilling, if you're into that.
The best Korean I've had in Sacramento. I wish they were a little more generous with the panchan though.
Friendly staff~ ... It's pretty much decent korean food. I would not drive all the way here from San Francisco to eat but would definitely stop by if I'm around the area and craving Korean food. We had six people, ordered 2 tofu soups, pork bulgogi, beef kalbi, spicy cold noodle, tofu pancake, bibimbap and of course did not finish and took some home. Pork bulgogi was flavorful and not too spicy. I shared the number 1 tofu soup (original tofu with pork) medium --  that was delicious (i love tofu). The tofu pancake had limited flavor but just the way i like it, they do have sauces to dip tho. The side dishes were tasty with the purple rice (taste healthier than white rice). I did not try the bibimbap but whoever ordered it did not finish it and did not wanted to take it home, therefore maybe it wasn't the best on the menu.
My favorite tofu stew chain is near my work, and my coworkers had invited me to eat here one day for lunch. I was surprised, as none of them were Korean, but I know the tofu stew is quite a hit for everyone. I notice there's slight differences in the SGD chains. This one does not give the cold radish soup as an appetizer, but they have this AMAZING appetizer you can order seperately, tofu pancakes! This is something my mom or any family member has made, so it was quite a surprise to even know of this. 3 huge pancakes made with tofu and some veggies, and of course dipped with soy sauce, was one of the best things I've ever tasted. Really. I wanted to try to see if I could describe it well enough to my mom to make it, but she didn't bother trying! Their tofu stews are the same as the one in Santa Clara, and with the same recipe, its just as good! I love getting the ramen one as I don't care to eat any of the meat in these stews. My coworkers also really like the seafood pancake here, but I'd rather get the tofu stew as the pancake gets pricey. This restaurant is fairly well sized, and parking was not a problem. Service is also pretty good here too.  I'd definitley come here for a lunch craving, and especially for the tofu pancakes!
They have the widest variety of soondubu I've ever seen, with lots of vegetarian options. I wanted to get the dumpling, but ended up splitting the seafood combo with my mom. Service was a bit brusque after we asked to split one pot between the two of us. I know it seems cheap, but that way we each had the perfect amount of food. There was a very generous amount of seafood for $10.63 (weird price, but that's what it was). Overall, it's very clean and convenient, and I'm just glad to know it's there when I'm headed to Stanford and craving korean.
wow! This was my first time trying soft tofu, I really enjoyed it. This place looks really nice inside, and the service is great. Lots of space, we only waited about 5 minutes for our table for 10, and they let us order before we got seated to speed up the process. The food was delicious, I would definitely come back, though it's a bit far for me. There are probably more tofu places near my house that I have yet to discover. It was just a perfect mix though, I can't wait to have more! They even gave melon gum at the end, which was pretty cool. Time to discover more tofu places! Parking wasn't too awful for lunch time either.
Yummy!! This was probably only my 3rd or 4th time having Korean food. Ordered the seafood bimbimbop and it was fresh, delicious, and very flavorful. My friends meals were also really good and I love all the little dishes they give you with your meal. Friendly and fast service. Would love to come back.
A+! I love korean food! But this place deserves 5stars even if they didn't serve tofu. I went on a saturday and due to my carelessness, I left my burberry scarf there! I was so worried =( The next day I called the restaurant before they opened and they kept it safe for me =) I really liked the staff. One of them told me he tried to run after me the day before but I left too quickly. The food is also fantastic.
Decent. LOVE the spicy pork bulgogi. Didn't really like the tofu pots. Or the purple rice. And the Bimbimbop was terrible :(
So good. Everything we had was (beyond) amazing. 6 people on a Sunday evening. Friendly and timely. Gonna be one of my staple restaurants!
I'm grubbing on some Tofu House as I write this review.  This is indeed as good as it gets - the right combination of delicious coupled with fairly reasonable pricing.  Note at I'm not a big fan of tofu in a pot, so this review does not speak to any of those choices. The BBQ beef and BBQ chicken are my primary go-to moves.  At $10 and for the portion they provide, it's money.  Great flavor, cooked thoroughly (esp the chicken - or maybe it's because I've had under-cooked chicken recently), and overall a great treat. The seafood pancake is sizable and tasty, as well.  No complaints here.  I'd only advise you to share this with a buddy since the portion is so big...or if you plan on taking out for further digestion purposes. The jap chae is a good choice if you're digging noodles.  Not too greasy and sizable in portion as well.  I usually eat one myself, but it's something that's share-worthy, as well. The bibimbob is also an excellent choice because they load up on the seafood and vegetables instead of just dumping you with a bunch of rice.  Mix it together and you'll be good to go.  Fresh ingredients round out this menu choice. Speaking of good to go, take-out is also a handy option and they pack things very well.  When ordering, just speak slowly and carefully and they'll get your order right.  No problems with ordering thus far. Highly recommended!!!
OMG. I've never liked tofu soup before I tried this place, and I've been to quite a few places who claimed to have great tofu soup. It's tad pricey but you get unlimited side dishes (delish!) and their awesome purple rice. Definitely check this place out!
This place was alright- Spicy Cold Noodles- decent, not amazing Galbi- decent, a bit fatty, not as saucy and delicious Spicy Tofu Soup- broth was decent However the bachan was pretty good! However, I highly recommend checking out Jang Su Jang, if you don't mind the drive.
If I had a Korean grandmother, this is the food she would loving serve me. It is true comfort food which is why the So Gong Dong Tofu House has been one of my favorite local restaurants for about 5 years now.   I usually go to the Tofu House around 4ish on a weekday.  Typically I'm the only customer other than the occasional Korean moms with their teenage kids coming or going to afternoon activities.  I usually order the chicken and mushroom, medium spicy.  The banchan dishes are all delish, but my favorites are the glass noodles, cucumbers and potatoes. The services is always excellent and you get  a lot of food for the buck!  Like I said before, this food nourishes and also feeds the soul.
I've been a fan of So Gong Dong Tofu House for about three years.  I usually get the chicken &... Read more 
Awesome yummy vegetarian food (veggie tofu is really good), huge portions. Non veggie dishes are good too. Spicy means spicy. Gets busy weekends, but takeout is possible!
Korean Tofu House in Palo Alto? I always thought this was kind of weird, as Palo Alto has never had a large population of Korean's. Sunnyvale, yes, Palo Alto, not to sure. Anyhow I've eaten here before and I wasn't super impressed. Came last weekend with the family and man was I wrong, this place is dope. Side plates - dope. These are all really good, from the pickled cucumbers, to the potatoes. Korean BBQ - We split some Kalbi. Damn good, juicy and flavorful. Bibibap - Real good. Cold Noodles - not a lot of anything but noodles, but damn good. Tofu (Crab) - good. The meal was actually really awesome. Color me impressed.
I found this great place thanks to Yelp and was pleasantly surprised. The food here is MUCH better than the tofu houses I've had in Southern California. The service is pretty typical or in other words, acceptable. The food is where this place truly shines. The side dishes tastes great: I enjoyed the tofu-egg (not sure what it's called) and the kimchi the most. The purple rice is also a bit different than what I am used to but it still tastes great. Anyways onto the main course. Today I didn't feel like eating tofu so I went with Bulgogi instead and I was in for a great surprise. The portion was large while still being cheaper than the tofu houses back at home. What's more, the food tasted much better. There was no overcooked tidbits or any inconsistencies: it was great tasting Korean food, plain and simple. At around $12.50 it was definitely a steal at the price. I wish a place like this existed back where I lived. I love this place and will definitely try to drop back here some other time. Cheers!
Excellent Korean restaurant! Everything was delicious but not expensive; in particular, I love Galbi (grilled beef short ribs) and Buchimgae (Korean pancake). No alcohol is served; however, it's good for me as a driver. It's not so good place for kids, but it's OK to bring kids. Reservation is recommended. Overall, great cost performance! Yes, I am sure to go there again!
Right near my work, home, and stomping grounds.  Used to be under the name of Sun Tofu. One of the few Korean places in Palo Alto.  Matter fact for a long time it was the only. Every time I come here, I feel the need to take off my shoes and put on a pair of indoor slippers.  Asian crowd out there can you feel me?  The restaurant sits under the residence' home and the interior is built and staged as if you are in someone's dining room. It is obnoxiously loud in here due to the low ceilings, proximity to other tables and the usual packed house.  I wonder if I can bring in some acoustic foam from my buddies studio to sound proof it... lol Although obnoxious, there is a reason for the crowds.  So Gong Dong does a great job getting people in and out.  The service is fast, but courteous.  Food arrives quickly and freshly made. On to the food... As with all Korean places they serve up the small side dishes aka Banchans.  From Bean Sprouts, Stewed Potatoes, Kimchi to marinated cucumbers.  All of their side dishes really hit the spot.  Not only are the banchans tasty, the main courses are equally hearty and delicious. We usually go for the Bulgogi and Daeji Bulgogi, which is marinated superbly.  we also try to order an assortment of different tofu soups.  Everything always comes out fresh, hot, steaming or bubbling =) ()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()     PRICING     ()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()() ~$60 for 4 people.  Including 2 entrees and 2 soups plus one appetizer.  Maybe slightly high, but you have to take the "FREE" Banchans into account ;) ()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()()() Come for the food, but not the ambiance. Enjoy~!
FAV Korean Tofu House!! When I come home from school, my friends and I literally jet to this place first. I miss it so much when I'm at Berkeley for school. The side dishes, especially the potatoes and the japchae, are so good.  I like how they give you mixed rice as well. My friend and I always split the mushroom soft tofu soup (mild), and the bulgogi beef.  It's a bit cheaper at lunch, but the plate is slightly smaller.  We usually can't finish both for dinner, but it has been done when we have both been really hungry.  Service is fast and the waiters are very friendly.  Parking isn't really an issue either.  :) The only con to this place is that we split the tab and it ends up to be around $15 (after tax and tip) per person for lunch.  A little pricey for a student, but worth it IMO.  I really hope I win that anniversary raffle for the gift cards so I can go back 10000 more times hehe :D
I used to love this place and frequently suggest coming here when my friends were deciding where to go.  But then I started dating a girl who loved this place even more than I do and insisted on coming here at any given chance. Alas, I am now half-serious when I joke that I am sick of Tofu House.  But still, this restaurant is as good as it gets for Tofu Bowls.  The side dishes are plentiful and delicious,the tofu broth is delicious, and they don't skimp on the meat/seafood portions.  Plus, free rice refills!  Makes it feel as though they aren't nickel and diming you for every little thing. This place gets REALLY crowded on weekday lunches and as such, service gets quite slow.   Also as a caveat, I've only gotten the bbq meat once or twice and itw as okay--so this five star review is for the tofu only.
Best Korean place in palo alto.... Also because there really are no Korean restaurants in the area! I do love coming here though. I've been coming here for Korean food for over 6 years. Besides all the awesome small dishes, I like to order: - seafood pancake - bibimbap - mushroom soonduboo (tofu soup) This place gets pretty busy, so I usually go early or late for lunch or dinner to avoid the crowds.
I'm a regular of the Sunnyvale store, so when I got a chance to eat here on a Sunday afternoon, I jumped at the chance. The place was initially almost empty, which was nice because it was a hot day, we have been hiking, and proximity to others wouldn't have been pleasant.... ...for them. The first thing we noticed was that the menu wasn't the same as Sunnyvale; one of my faves, the octopus tofu, isn't listed.  When the Banchan came, there were fewer selections to nibble on too.  Because it was a hot day, we decided to stay away from the hot tofus.  We had the spicy Bulgogi pork and the cold soup.  Both were very good.  We got one small bowl of rice for both of us; which was kind of weird, and we noticed that the newcomers around us who got hot tofu bowls didn't get the big bowl of rice like they serve in Sunnyvale.  Is this normal?  Maybe they've tweaked this spot to be less authentic than SV?  Who knows? Besides the reduced Banchan options, my only other complaint was that our waiter wasn't very attentive- our water ran out and was never refilled.
SGD Tofu House is a chain of my all time fave tofu stew in Milpitas (I've been to the one in santa clara, but that place is no good). The chain in Palo Alto was pretty good! I got my usual spicy kimchi tofu stew and it was so flavorful and oh so spiccccy! I like my tofu stew pipping hot and they did it just the way i like it! I also like that this place give you purple rice and more unique side dishes. Price was about the same as the one in Milpitas $10 something. Lots of parking. Friendly and efficient service! =)
Thanks yelpers for helping me find this place! If you're in Palo Alto and looking to satisfy your craving for Korean food.... this is the place. This is by no means the best korean food in the bay area, but it's definitely solid and serves up a great value meal. This place is my new go to place for lunch when I'm in the area.
Have been to So Gong Dong Tofu House twice now, and have found their food to be delicious! I got their specialty - soft tofu bowls - both times, the first time with mushrooms and the second time with vegetable dumplings. Both came out boiling hot, filled with spices, tofu, and other vegetables. You also get unlimited side dishes to go with these soft tofu pots - I particularly enjoyed the noodles, potatoes, and wrapped tofu! Be forewarned, though - this place gets super crowded, especially on popular dinner nights. Seating can be in very high demand, and it was pretty loud both times I was there. Be prepared to wait for a table! Service is also somewhat subpar, because the wait staff is often swamped with so many tables - it becomes casual service, and I resorted to flagging down random servers for requests throughout the night. Despite this, though, the food is wonderful - it's the best Korean place I've found around Palo Alto thus far - and I would definitely recommend this place!
TLDR Assessment:  Especially since we are a tad far from Sunnyvale, this is our go town casual Korean meal.  Casual and quick and the food is good.. Food:   Very solid place for their hot tofu soup -- we also have their cold buckwheat noodles (nengmyung or bibimnengmyung) and we think its pretty good here.  The hamul pajeon (seafood pancake) is also solid.   The panchan selection is solid - a good number of side dishes -- and tasty. Ambience:   Nothing to write home about.  Pretty bare but they have tried to dress it up a bit. Kid-friendiness:  They have high chairs.  Also, you can ask for free baby soondobu which is a small bowl of hot unflavored tofu in soup and a side of rice.  We really appreciate this for our 2 small children and its the differentiator for us versus other soondobu places since their soondobu is fine.  Also they have quite a few kid-friendly panchan normally -- potatoes for instance. Parking:  They have their own parking lot. Busyness:  This place gets busy but they move people in and out fast.  We've never had a problem.  We also do carryout a fair amount..
I had driven past Tofu House numerous times on the way back from the doctor's office. Yet, I had never once looked up the menu or thought of it besides the times we drove by. I figured that as a vegetarian, it would be pretty much impossible for me to hate a place where the name of the restaurant is the word "tofu." I was not disappointed at all! So numerous years later, a friend and I finally decide to make our way over. She was a frequenter at Tofu House, while I was a noob. I went in unaware of exactly the menu options at a Korean restauarant. Walking in, the restaurant has a pretty calm atmosphere being it was about half full. We went a little earlier in the evening over the summer so this was to be expected. While we were looking at the menu, they brought out the appetizers! While the all entire meal was absolutely delicious, surprisingly, these small dishes were my favorite part of the meal. I asked my friend multiple times the name of each dish and still by the end wasn't sure what some were made of. But, oh boy, were they delicious! I would honestly return just for the appetizers. I have since purchased a bottle of Kimchi at my local supermarket because I enjoy it so much. My actual order consisted of the vegetarian soup. It was flavorful, and I was sad that apparently you don't really ask for to-go boxes at this type of restauarant. I could have that soup for dinner at least once a week. So, I walked out of my first trip to Tofu House very stuffed and raring to return.
The tofu is just well-done and always hearty. The seafood pancake is the perfect accompaniment to every entree. Can't complain about anything at this place.
My parents always ask to go here when they visit. Soup is always good and fast. Try the beef and mushroom. The BBQ beef is stinkin good too.
If you appreciate food as much as I do, irregardless of nationality, etc, this is one of those places you have to try. The seafood soft tofu was excellent ! We came here on a Friday afternoon for lunch and it was packed to the gills. The one unfortunate thing is the noise when there are so many people in one small place. But, who cares when the food is so good. Try it !
I came to this tofu house location about a week after I went to the same one on Saratoga Ave. We ordered quite a few different items here so I wanted to review this location as well. The side dishes here are a bit different from the one on Saratoga. I think overall, I like the variety there a little bit better. They have the thinly sliced spicy fish cake dish that I really liked. However, the location here offers purple rice which is a nice and healthy alternative to the regular white rice. You can always ask for the white rice if you want though. We ordered the bibimbap, BBQ beef, seafood pancake, ramen soft tofu stew, crab soft tofu stew, and beef soft tofu stew (lots of food!). The bibimbap was huge and for once it looked really appetizing with the mix of food inside. My sister ate the whole thing for dinner so it was definitely really good. The seafood pancake had loads of seafood. From edge to edge there was seafood packed in and it was quickly devoured by the whole table. This time for the tofu stews, we got mild which was much better for our taste buds. I finished all of mine! The BBQ beef didn't look quite as flavorful but surprisingly when you ate it, it had quite the explosion of taste in your mouth. It wasn't too salty either like some other places. The total came out to $96 (before tip) for 6 people which I thought was maybe a little bit on the higher side, but for how full I was feeling and for the good service we got, it wasn't too bad. I love the melon gum they give you at the end too!
Every time I go to this area and I will always visit it as it is a very cozy, homey restaurant.  The food is unbelievable delicious and the price is just reasonable and affordable.
Ok Teresa P popped my Dolsot Bibimbap cherry. Who knew I had a few cherries left to pop still? For anyone who's not sure what to do during their first time I felt completely at ease. Teresa P was there with me all the way. Telling me it's ok...just try it...you will like it..."my husband liked it".:) Well who's to argue with that? So there I was facing my first Dolsot Bibimbap. Sizzling bowl was delivered to our table. Smells really good! Beneath all that tasty ingredients is my favorite part. The crunchy rice! It was very warm in the back section of the restaurant during lunch time. Packed with customers. On a rainy day it seemed the perfect choice of food. Missed finding the restaurant on my way. Just FYI it is next to a sushi place. Service was ok. We had to flag down a staff for water. Now if I can just find another good thing to eat there. Def curious now.
I come here a lot since it's very close from work.. usually during lunch time but I've been here for dinner as well. My favorite here is their "americanized" (shame on me to admit) Soft Tofu soup with CHEESE. LOL...It was "condemned" by my "ajuma" Korean friend bc it's not "authentic" but I just loveeeee it so much lol. The cheese, in my opinion is a great addition to the soup, making it richer and more flavorful. It sounds "weird" to put cheese and tofu together.. but don't let the name fool you, put on your big gal/boy pants on and try it and judge it yourself. I also like their BBQ Galbi, although...I don't think it's any better than the Galbi that I marinade by myself (except that I don't need to do the dirty job myself)..the bummer part is that the portion is pretty small and the price tag is not that cheap. Both their pork and beef bulgogi dishes are more in the oily side... I meant.. oil dripping oily.... The seafood pancake is usually the crowd favorite for appetizers..BUT I certainly had lots of better ones in other Korean joints in Santa Clara (and LA!) as they kinda skimp on the seafood and at times.. it comes out "lukewarm" or even "room temperature" making me wonder if they premake it ahead of time... dislike! Expect to smell like BBQ from head to toe if you dine here.. and it gets crowded during meal time. It's the only Korean restaurant around but I'm really impressed by their turnover of customers. They give free side dishes (ban chan) and you can ask them to refill as much as you want :) yummm! You will have to spend (at least) $15 - $20 without drinks ...so not that cheap, but what's cheap in Palo Alto??!! o, lunch and dinner menu are identical.
I never leave this place hungry. With the Banchan and the generous portions, I have on the other hand left too full... I have to admit that I don't know much about Korean BBQ/Food but I know what they serve here is delicious. Service is super quick, they get you in and out fast without being rude or overbearing. Over the past few months the crowds have been getting busier, a testament to how good the food is. Can't say much about the experience, it's pretty loud inside but to be honest I feel like it adds to the appreciated casual nature of the meal. Bulgogi pork or beef is always great. They bring it out in a nice stone pot that's ridiculously hot so you can let the rice crisp up to your liking. I had no idea what to do with the dish the first time I went... but figuring out that you mix it to cook the egg and warm all the veggies up right in front of you was pretty awesome.M One of these days I'll be brave enough to try the Soft Tofu soup... maybe... probably not, but maybe. The Banchan are solid. A nice array of small plates to mix in with your meal or munch on while you wait. My favorite: the potatoes. I'm glad they are willing to bring out more... Final touch to it all, the watermelon bubble gum. If only they could make the flavor last more than 5 seconds...
I come here out of laziness since it is the only Korean restaurant kind of close by to me...luckily the food here is tasty, and the price very reasonable! The banchan here is pretty much perfection to me...all I need is good kimchee, good cold sesame oil bean sprouts, japchae, tender and sweet potatoes, and good cucumbers, in unlimited quantities. So Gong Dong provides this :) The tofu soup is yummy and customizable and the spicy is spicy. The dolsot bibimbap is excellent, and so is the pork bulgogi. There is also purple rice. Yay for purple rice. Super casual atmosphere and quick service, so sometimes I even come here by myself and bring a book when a particularly strong craving for comforting Korean food suddenly hits.
My roommie and I love coming here for comfort food and easy dinner - she would order the sundobu with dumplings and ask for extra ramen and I would either order the dolsot bibimbap or my favorite kalbi. Lots of side dishes and purple rice to make me feel better about getting my whole grains while I'm stuffing my face with meat, this place is great for weeknight dinners. It definitely gets crowded but I've never had to wait too long for a seat.
This place is very good and very reasonably priced! I had a hankering for kimchi and i found this place within driving distance from work! I ordered the beef bimanbap which was friggin delish. They also have SUPER friendly service (heavy on the super!). I accidently left my wallet at work and they kindly let me pay my tab after lunch. I dont think this is a regular thing for them or to be taken for granted, but such awesome grace!! oh and the food...super tasty! loads of sides and i cant wait to go to them for lunch again!
We ventured away from Menlo Park for lunch.  My coworker recommended this place.  He had visited one of the other locations a few times.  It was around noon on Friday and the restaurant was super crowded.  We almost turned back before asking for a table.  But decided to check with the hostess anyway.  We were seated right away in the second dining area. This isn't the place for a heart to heart talk or any talk for that matter.  Sounds from the opposite side of the room seemed to bounce over to our table.  One of my coworkers found it painfully distracting.  I'd say if you want to AVOID talking to somebody bring them here they won't be able to get a word in. On to the food.  I had the Chicken Dolsot Bibimbap.  I liked the presentation.  The hot stone bowl came with the rice sizzling inside.  I did have a hard time getting my chicken to warm up. No matter how much I stirred it still seemed barely warm.  Maybe there was too much rice in the bowl.  I felt like all the goodies got lost in my rice.  My coworker on the other hand ordered extra rice. Different strokes...I guess.
we had the intention of going to the japanese restaurant next door, but it closed right before we arrived, so we ended up going to the tofu house and we're SO GLAD we did. All the side dishes were delish!  We ordered the spicy bbq pork and the dumpling soft tofu soup.  Not many places I go to give you a raw egg to boil in your soup, I usually have to ask for one! So, major props to them for actually including a whole egg that you can crack and drop in your soup! yuuuuuuuuum. We left warm and happy and incredibly FULL!  You get so much food, and they'll even bring you more side dishes if you want! I ended up dreaming about my lunch as I fell asleep last night and wishing to live closer so I could go there more often!!!
Both this and the Santa Clara location are each one of my favorite locations for an easy Korean lunch. The ambiance is really lacking. You have your wood floors, with wood chairs, and wood tables. Almost the ambiance of your high school cafeteria, and certainly nothing to talk about. Service is very efficient. Food comes out very quickly, but honestly, that's really all that can be said about service. Don't expect too many pleasantries; just place your order and call it good. That said, what Tofu House lacks in ambiance and service, they more than make up for in the taste and quality of their foods, and especially for the price! For under $10, you can get daeji bulgogi (spicy BBQ pork) or bulgogi (BBQ beef), which are two of my favorite dishes at any Korean restaurant! After placing your order, the first thing you get are unlimited hors d'oeurves of many different varieties. From kimchi to fish cakes to bean sprouts, all your favorite Korean appetizers are included. Then, when the food comes out, you are wowed by the flavors of the marinated meats. The meats are so tender, and the sauces really bring out an amazing flavor that complements the flavor of the meats! Tofu House is just a wonderful spot for a cheap, quick, bite.
Not really sure how to rate this place because I came here after just sort of recovering from food poisioning. I had lost my appetite in food but here goes.... Everyone raves about the side dishes but I was honestly a little disappointed. I ordered the bibimbap and it just tasted a little bland.  The stone pot around it wasn't too hot so it didn't really leave the rice on the edges crispy like I usually like it. It was decent so if I'm in the area, I'd probably give this place another shot. Until then...
Delicious bimbimbap.
This is our favorite tofu house so far. We have not ordered BBQ here, so I cannot comment on it. We really like the tofu soup here, but the chicken smells. It mostly dark meat chicken, and I just stopped ordering chicken. The side are good, the khimchi is not as tasty and balanced as some of the other ones we have had. We have also ordered the pot stickers. We find it too greasy. Overall, it is a good place for dinner. The wait is usually long during weekends.
This place was packed! With a large parking lot, it still wasn't east to find a spot. Fortunately, the other half of our party came sooner so we didn't have to wait long for a table, otherwise it would've been at least 20 minutes. Mmm...purple rice. The tofu soup is okay. Not bad, but I've had better. The tofu was chopped up into little pieces and there wasn't much meet in my beef tofu soup. For a medium spicy, it wasn't spicy at all. Still, it was filling. The bulgogi was very tasty (MSG like, but good), but the spicy pork was overly marinated.  I tasted a lot of sauce which made the pork almost mushy tasting. Meh. Their prices are reasonable and in Palo Alto, this is probably the only option for decent Korean tofu.
Tried and true tofu. Best place to go for a cold day, a day when you want comfort food, a nice lunch with tofu-loving friends, or a moderately priced family dinner. Aside from the fact that the parking lot is now only accessible from El Camino (fail) the restaurant is normally hopping and may take a few minutes to get a table. Service is prompt, tea and water and kept refilled, and you never feel hungry because the side dishes come out immediately after you order! Tofu comes in at around $11, korean bbq at $17, and the rest in between. Well worth it.
This is my favorite take out place in Palo Alto!  We always order the kimchee tofu soup with beef and bulgogi.  YUMMY.  There is always more than enough food, but we always finish it (bc we're piggies and it's too good!).  We've never had a bad experience here.  I think once, my boyfriend thought there were too many mushrooms in the tofu soup (please note that he doesn't eat vegetables regularly).  i didn't mind it.  I crave this place!
I really don't see the FOUR stars in this Tofu House. Tasted like a regular Korean restaurant to me. The bulgogi that everyone recommended tasted tough and dry; the bibimbap was nothing special. I'd come back to this place again for the seafood tofu soup but I'm not really dazzled. Pro: purple rice! banchan is delicious! Con: it was quite difficult to find the place b/c "So Gong Dong" is in Korean and though the restaurant is in its own plaza with parking lot, I wasn't sure if "TOFU HOUSE" was it and circled around a few times.
Every time I come here, I really want to call it "So Darned Good" Tofu House. You are going to get a LOT of food for your money, and their spice level variety always ensures you get a good sizzling pot of soft tofu soup to your liking. What I really enjoy is that even if you choose something on their soft tofu menu, you can still add the ingredients you  want from other soups (for example, I love the beef, oyster, shrimp combination, but I ask to add mushrooms too, always at no extra charge!). The service is always pretty quick, though I wish they were better about getting water to the table (I've only had problems a few time... now they mostly leave a goblet of water at each table). The soup is so good that I'm yet to try their bimbimbop, but that will happen hopefully on my next go!
This is my go to place for Korean food in Palo Alto. It's conveniently close by and I don't have to drive to Santa Clara to get my fix of Korean food. On a rainy day, I love to order their Soon Dubu and a plate of Bul Gogi. This makes a perfect meal for two people. Not to mention, their side dishes are the best part. My favorite side dish is their Japchae (korean cold noodle). I also like how they give you an egg to break into your tofu bowl and you can watch it cook! Overall, this place makes a great spot for lunch or dinner. They are usually busy for dinner, so come prepared to wait a little! Keep in mind the wait is never that long, since the restaurant is pretty spacious and have plenty of seating.
I think this place might be the best Tofu House in the bay area. Side dish :  Sweat Potato is really good : I tried : Seafood Tofu : lots of clams in it, and taste just right : Bulgogi Pork : yam! Service was good also.
What better to eat on a super cold and windy day than soon dubu? I actually really liked their panchan, probably because a lot of the dishes are sweeter than at other places.  They had cucumbers (crunchy and crisp, not oily), seaweed with the bibimbap red sauce, sweet stewed potatoes, chapchae, yellow bean sprouts, and of course kimchee. Their seafood pancake is thinner than at a lot of other places.  I know most people prefer the thicker, eggier, stuffed one on a griddle like at Jang su Jang, but this one is thinner and lighter, so it's less heavy.  To me, what makes the dish is the sweet soy sauce on the side. As for the soon dubu, they have some more unique choices like adding dumplings or ramen to your bowl.  The soup stays super hot even on a cold day, so it's good for winter.  Tip: order the soup medium or spicy (non spicy lacks flavor).  I actually really liked the mushroom one with lots of different types of mushrooms (king oyster, enoki, etc).  All the tofu stews come with an egg and traditional purple rice. I like that they keep a jug of water at your table, as you need a lot of refills with the hot/spicy soup.  The parking lot is a tight space, and they block off all the entrances except one, but there are usually spots. I'm glad I actually found a good Korean restaurant around where I live!
Yummy food.  The portions are very big and lots of choices for the side dishes.  The place was very busy on a Saturday and people kept coming in the whole time we were there.  The place itself is not fancy, and I prefer the first room in the restaurant.  The back room feels closed in and is sorta smelly if you ask me. The BBQ chicken was nice and juicy, and sweet, the side dishes were yummy and we asked for more.  The noodle dish was good also.  Took the leftovers home and enjoyed even after 2 days.   Prices are very good, cheaper than the Korean place I've tried in San Mateo but food is probably better.  Will come back when n the area.
I love this place! My friends and I always come here in for lunch in the afternoon when it isn't so crowded with other customers, and it's our fall back place if our other food plans go awry. First, the side dishes are delicious and can be refilled if you ask. It's good for when  you have friends who aren't so hungry, because they can eat the side dishes but don't have to order anything else. Of course, the tofu pots are super good, they're nicely flavored and filled to the brim. I usually get seafood, which is delicious, but once I shared with a friend, who didn't want to eat seafood, and we got the dumpling/vegetarian one, which unfortunately wasn't as good (it's not as flavorful). Their kalbi is also amazing (perfectly cooked and tender), and every time we go, one of my friends always gets a plate. After your dinner, you also get gum, which is a nice way to cap off a meal. The service is nice and I like the small, not too fancy vibe which always makes me feel comfortable. One of my favorite neighborhood restaurants.
I had the Beef Soondubu. I loved it! The broth was well made and I could tell it took them a long time to make it. It came with mushrooms and tofu inside (I wasn't expecting mushrooms but it turned out better than expected!) The pan chan was okay. The cucumbers weren't marinated long enough so it tasted too much like cucumbers without the flavor soaked in. The sprouts were good (well seasoned with sesame oil and something else). The potato was good and took them awhile to marinate. They were super tasty and it seemed like they were boiled alongside some beef. The kim-chi was a bit past its prime. I felt like it should have been used in soup instead of being served as pan chan. The jap-chae wasn't spectacular but it was nice that it was served alongside. The service was pretty good. We asked for water a few times and they brought it out. They also seated us pretty quick. When we asked for more pan chan, they brought it out. I was impressed with the place so I'd definitely recommend going. The purple rice is also something I didn't expect but it was welcome. The texture was great.
Ok, admittedly, this review comes with some London Korean food drought bias, but I SCARFED MY FACE and it was glorious. I was here after Kim Jong Il's recent demise, and I was surprised the entire restaurant didn't burst out in Team America. As others have said, they are very generous with their ban chan, and the selection was very western-frendly. The five star review is for the following things: -Prompt and friendly service -Jap Chae -Dol Sat Bi Bim Bap The Bibimbap had a nice CRISPY RICE BOTTOM, which is key. My mouth is salivating already.
This place ROCKS. it was my first Korean food experience and it blew my socks off. tons of food for a good price, everything tasted fresh, and i love the freebie appetizers. i am only deducting a star because of ambiance -- it's very casual and a little dark inside, with no outdoor seating, and when I walked in there was only 1 other table with people eating at it yet about 10 empty tables were still not cleaned up from previous customers, so it just looked a little like a mess. still, i loved it so much that i am going back again tonight -- 2 days in a row!!!
I came on a Thursday night with my girlfriend and it was pretty packed.  However the wait wasn't too long.  The waiter gave us a menu while we were waiting for our table so once we got seated we ordered right away.  I tried the bulgogi bibimbap that came with purple rice.  It was tasty but I wouldn't say its the best that i've ever had.  Just like the other korean restaurants the meal came with little side dishes like the sweet potatoes, kimchi, bean sprouts, etc.  The waiter gave us miso soup towards the middle of our meal.  Wasn't sure if it was suppose to come with it or not but it was nice of them to remember. The place is small, but really friendly staffs.  Overall good place for korean food.
Really good food for a really good price.  I had the dumpling tofu soup and the cheese tofu soup, which was surprisingly really good.  Highly recommend this spot for good eats!
Good because it's close by, love their purple rice, reasonable prices, good food, and all the little side dishes they serve you. Agree that decor is not great but they're attentive
Man, this place was full on a Friday night (a good sign, in my mind).  My husband has been here many times, but this was my first time.  We waited about 20 minutes to get seated (spent playing angry birds and blast monkey). The table is small, the ambience is super casual (not a date night place).  The waitstaff is pretty friendly.  Lots of side dishes (and they'll gladly refill). I had the vegetarian bibimbop (because I felt like eating veggie), and it was fantastic.  I really enjoyed it, and I would definitely go back.
I can't say enough good things about this place. I come here every week for dinner and the food is consistently and eminently good. The staff is very friendly and the service is super fast considering how packed it is all the time. Best Korean spot in the bay area.
This is my idea of comfort food. I always order a soup and sizzling meat platter to eat with the... Read more 
The boyfriend and I came here for dinner on a Sunday night for dinner, and had a decent experience. The service was pretty quick and the food came out pretty quick. There were a lot of side dishes (there was this new egg one we've never had before). The boyfriend ordered the dumpling tofu soup and I ordered the seafood tofu soup. There was SO MUCH clams in my tofu soup! It was pretty delicious, but nothing mind-blowing. There was no wait to get seated, but it filled up pretty fast. I prefer the Santa Clara location better, still. It feels a lot more homey and the servers there super friendly. Our dinner came out to $25, including tip, so about average price for Korean food.
(1/11) I've heard great things about Tofu House, and it didn't disappoint! This place was pretty packed, especially for a Wednesday night. Three friends and I ordered BBQ beef, veggie tofu combo, seafood tofu combo, and a japchae side (glass noodles with ground beef). But wait, there's more, always more with Korean BBQ! I enjoyed the side dishes, particularly the seaweed and the kimchi, which added a spicy kick to the interestingly purple rice (tasted great!). Overall great food for a great price (~$15 per person). For that, I say Tofu House is one of the best places to eat in Palo Alto!
Have been there about 4 times. Loving the tofu pots - vegetarian and beef+cheese are tasty. Also tried the beef bulgogi (decent) but the seafood bibimbap was just ok. The jap chae glass noodles are totally yummy and the kimchi is very fresh and tasty. They will provide you will extras of the little dishes if you ask. Prices is good - basically two people can eat and tip for under $30. It's a relaxing place to go eat, service is has been QUICK every time and wife and I enjoy it. Overall -- we've been happy with So Gong Dong and we'll keep going back. Happy times!
Was introduced to this place by a good friend and I had no clue (I am not too big a tofu fan:) - the food was great! Loved all the little appetizers and how speedy the service was. I don't know anything about Korean food and would not be able to say how authentic it is but the food here is great! FYI: It's more casual and I am not sure if I'd go there for a romantic dinner but with the kids it's great. Will be back!
Another local haunt of mine. I don't eat out much, but when I do, this is one of my favorite places to get Korean (in Palo Alto anyway... there aren't too many options). I haven't had much other Korean in the area though... Their ban-chan is generous, service is quick (never had much of a wait to get seated, even when they're busy), and the food is tasty. This place seems great for lunch; I've only been here once for dinner, so I don't know if it's any better. It is pretty casual though (gets kinda hot inside, it's usually pretty crowded, and their tables are small and pretty close together), which I totally don't mind 'cause I'm usually just there for the food. They're one of the few Korean places I know that serves purple rice. Which is incredibly yummy in combination with their other stuff. Their ban-chan usually consists of some combination of chap-chae, kim chee,  sweet potatoes, cucumbers... and probably some other stuff I'm forgetting. You can definitely get them refilled as many times as you want, and they're usually good about getting it back to you. Their tofu soup is usually pretty good, bibimbap, galbi, dak gui, and bulgolgi (usually beef) are other dishes I've had. I think we usually stick with the galbi and dak gui. I don't remember particularly liking the bibimbap. It's definitely not the best (or the cheapest), but for what it is in Palo Alto, I don't mind going back.
Today was my second time here, and it was great! The Bibimbap was delicious, as well as the seafood pancakes, Bulgogi beef, and soup! (no, i didn't have all this at one sitting.)  My favorite part about the soup was that it came with a raw egg!  Although I'm Korean, I don't eat Korean food often, so I was really confused at first but caught on.  Your supposed to crack the egg in your soup and watch it cook! I love it :)  I do like the food here a lot, but I couldn't give it 5 stars because I felt it can be better.
Ok. This place is SUPER BUSY... because its good and the service is EXCELLENT. All their TOFU's are good and they have a wide selection to choose from. You can also choose the spiciness of your soups. Their KOREAN BBQ is just DELICIOUS. I think its a little pricey but Im from LA and in so cal SDB is about 6-7bucks and bibimbap is $7. In the BAY that is NOT the case, so just suck it up and pay the extra few dollars. Love the SERVICE... seriously. For the amount of volume they have, they are very organized and quick. SOLID 4 stars.
Wow, I was highly unimpressed with So Gong Dong.  Overall, I'd recommend for delivery (if available) or carry-out, but not dining-in. The food was good, but I wouldn't say much above average, especially compared to NYC or LA K-Town, but maybe above average for Palo Alto?  However, what really keeps it at no more than 3 stars is the very poor dining area and the service.  Coke comes in a dirty can and the server never checked on us once, leaving me completely parched as I finished my water and soda.  What's more, the atmosphere is cold and sterile, the seating is uncomfortable, and the tables were dirty.
Not so bad, but not the best. Guess certain dishes are known for.. but I've only tried two. Got the cold noodle soup, good flavor compared to the one I've tried before. Has a lighter vinegar base. Tofu soup- extra spicy please.. wasn't too spicy for me, good flavors. Service wasn't so bad. Probably will come back if I'm near and craving.
Tons of reviews for this place, but disagree with the 4-star rating. Busy for a Sunday afternoon after 1:30 pm. But it was on the later end - so wait for a seat was brief.  Ordered bibimbap.  Friend ordered spicy tofu soup. Lots of side dishes. 2-star rating is for the service. Asked 3 times for basic tea and water.  Staff abrupt and unfriendly to us.  Food was so-so.  Definitely have had better. Will not go back.
I'm a fan of spicy tofu soup, so I like to come here when I feel like having it and it's not too far. The parking lot is a little small, so it can be a hassle to find a spot when the restaurant gets busy. They're pretty efficient here; when there's a wait they take your order so that it'll be ready soon after you sit down. I like mushrooms in my tofu soup, and this is one of the places that has a mushroom and protein combo. Not sure why other places don't offer that? The side dishes are good and they're not stingy about giving you refills when you run out. Also, I like how they give you your tofu soup piping hot so that there's enough heat for your raw egg to solidify in one piece. I get sad when my egg just disappears and blends into the broth. Tasty food and a reasonable price means I'll be back!
When I lived in Palo Alto, I visited this restaurant almost weekly. My brother can't get enough of their Bulgolgi, served piping hot on a sizzling platter. I always filled up on their tofu soup (that's what they're known for)! I'd choose between the mushroom or the fish eggs, both ALWAYS excellent. The service is quick and friendly. Beware of the side dishes - there are so many and if you want a refill of something, they'll bring out more for you! You'll be full before your food even comes out!
This is so far my favorite korean place around this area!!! The tofu soups are decent, like most of the places, I have never tried anyone that's super bad or super good, all around average. I like to order their BBQ meats--rib, beef, pork are all really good, and they give a lot too, definitely worth the price. Not too much comment about the food on the menu, what keeps dragging me there and gets me addicted is their side dishes--they give many different kinds of side dishes and most of them are sooooo good!!! I especially love the potato and kimchi!!! I usually ask like 3 times for refill, (yeah I know I eat a lot ^o^), they never give me a funny look, always bring back fast!The potato is the best side dish potato I've ever had, I can eat that all day! Even if when I was really full, I just couldn't stop. And the kimchi...I would say the taste of their kimchi is not the best of the world, but it's always fresh!!! I don't eat sour kimchi, not at all, even if it's just a little bit sour I don't eat it, but many times I went to this place, I never had once sour kimchi, it's always good and fresh!!:) For the environment,  it's kinda noisy, don't know why. Doesn't seem like anyone was talking super loud, but it's hard to talk there, have problem hearing the one sit on the other side of the table...
The setting is typical of the area, strip mall parking and sprawling cafeteria style layout. This is not an intimate date spot this is a clean feeding trough for peninsula pedantics. Drink selection is simple to paltry, focus is on the food. We were seated easily in a group of six and were able to try most everything family style with 3-4 appetizers and 5 or 6 main dishes. Our order came out fast but nothing was amazing. I had a good time here because of the company we shared more than the food. This is a good spot to meet friends and catch up but there are lots of places like that.
Came here around 7:30pm on a Tuesday and there was a small line up.  For a party of two we waited 15 minutes for our seat.  While we waited, we were given the menu to select what we wanted prior to getting seated - yay for efficiency. This place is a bit larger than I expected as it runs long right of the front door. Once seated, we were given ice water and an array of appetizers that were included with our selected meals.  I asked for tea but it never came.  I didn't mind though since my vegetable dumpling tofu bowl (#12 on the menu) came fairly quickly after the appetizers.  The broth was flavourful,  the tofu was very silky and my 3 dumplings were savoury. Delicious and hit the spot because I was craving comfort food. I couldn't help but look over at the other tables who ordered bimbimbap and bulgogi.  The dishes looked so good! Next time, next time...
This has been my best find for Korean in the Bay Area so far since returning from Korea, and the wait times for tables tends to agree with me. Very good ingredients, and well prepared. A little small for such demand, but overall a great place to go if you're in the area.
I first came across this place when I was review-hopping on Yelp, hoping to find something new to try in Palo Alto since I would be swinging by University Art again anyways. Ok, fine, so korean's not exactly a new addition to my palate, but this place was definitely worth the visit. I thought that today proved to be a decent first impression and I was rather pleased with the restaurant. I came here around 1:30 in the afternoon as to avoid the crowded parking lot so many reviewers have complained about. I was actually very surprised with the largeness of both the private lot and the restaurant itself. It's really hard to miss, even if you're just driving past. The inside was pretty empty, but seeing as it was 1:30, I'm sure the lunch rush had already passed. First off, I have to say the side dishes were pretty good. My first test for a Korean restaurant is how good their kimchi is. That being said, I did enjoy the kimchi here. However, I didn't like the potato side dish, but I'm not usually a big fan of those anyways. The service here is excellent and efficient. Our side dishes were refilled super fast to my great joy. We ordered the combination soontofu, medium spicy, and a beef bibimbap. To be honest, the tofu is the reason I'm giving out a rating of 4 stars. There were SO MANY CLAMS; my mom and I couldn't even count how many we had. I adore any restaurant that gives me tofu soup with a decent amount of ingredients. So Gong Dong Tofu House went above and beyond with the amount of quality ingredients in their soontofu. The bibimbap wasn't the best I've ever had. I thought it was a little too oily, but the stonepot was pleasingly scalding hot so I got a good amount of the yummy charred rice I love so much. I'll definitely be back for the tofu soup, but next time I want to try the spiciest flavor because medium just wasn't enough.
Finally dragged the S.O. here last night for dinner... I was sick and needed a good comfort food and so on we went... We got there pretty early... was able to beat the rush hour dinner crowd... by the time we were leaving... it was getting pretty busy and hectic. Got seated... given the menu... water... and within 5 mins... ordered. It was the first time the S.O. had Korean food so I had to navigate him a bit in terms of what was what and since he wasn't a fan of tofu... his only option to order was really the grilled meat section. Anyway... we ordered the following: Me: ManDu soft tofu (not spicy) = it came boiling hot as expected so I let it cool off for a bit. First taste: WOW. I loved the dumplings! It was very comforting ... satisfied the sickness craving of soup and it was tasty enough even if it didn't have the spices in it. S.O.: Galbi + Jap Chae = He didn't like the spices of the galbi but ended up eating the whole plate (I managed to get one piece at least) but he loved the jap chae. He said he could have just eaten that alone. The galbi meat was more on the fat side... so a little disappointed there. Side dishes: not as much as other places but they do give you good portions as well as refills! That was nice! I asked for another refill of sweet potatoes plus the beansprouts and another bowl of rice. Overall: I will be back... I'll probably end up dragging the S.O. here but he said he's down to go back. I really do like their soup selection as well as their prices. Service: I think service was decent ... but we came when there was hardly people there so it might be a hit or miss type depending on how busy they are.
Good side dishes. Love the japchae.  Great seafood pancakes!  There is a hot male waiter that works there who always wears tight tshirts.
Dishes ordered: - Galbi - Beef Bulgogi The Galbi was tender and flavorful. The Bulgogi was also good but not the best I have had. The banchan was good, as well; though, I only stuck with the bean sprouts and seaweed.
Best Korean BBQ in Palo Alto hands down. The place gets busy very fast, and sometimes there is a line out the door.  Waiters will take your order while standing outside so you can have the food ready when you sit down. Service is very good and orders come out fast.  Waiters always refill the numerous side dishes on the table when you have eaten them all up! I am a big fan of the Kalbi (short ribs) and they do them great here.  The portions are very generous, and the price is always right! When you receive your check, you get a pack of melon gum!
This is okay korean.  Not much decent korean in the bay area, so i was pretty happy to eat here.  The ban-chan was okay too.  Nothing amazing, but hey it isn't LA koreatown. Definitely would come back because it is the best korean food i've had in the area. Kalbi - Decent Soon Dobu - Decent, Dolsot Bibimbot - Decent, but kinda hard to screw this up as long as they use enough ingredients. Everything was pretty much middle of the road.  Good enough where i would tell someone it is worth trying it out for yourself.
I don't get why this place is so popular. The food is good only because of MSG. I'm extremely sensitive to MSG, where I drink lots of water immediately afterward, and bloat up the next day, and sure enough, it happened after eating here...why should I pay ten bucks for dinner here if I can make my own tofu soup and add a huge tablespoon of MSG? Side dishes are decent. The bean sprouts a bit oily for my liking, and they pour way too much sweet chili sauce on the seaweed. But their potatoes are good. However, their other starch, the rice, sucks because there is no flavor whatsoever from the purple rice, of which there are a few grains here and there within the bowl. Why put in the purple rice in the first place then?... The combination tofu I got was pretty good. But like I said, MSG!! Maybe I was a bit spoiled living in LA and going to K-town all the time for tofu houses, but I am definitely regretting not going more often now that I'm eating at supposedly the best tofu house in the area...
So Gong Dong Tofu House is definitely legit Korean food. With purple rice, delicious sides, and a variety of soondubu, Korean meats, and bibimbap, it rivals some of the places that I've been to in Oakland K-Town :P Came in at about 7:15-ish on a Wednesday night, and the restaurant was about half full, so it was no problem seating my family and grandparents for a 60th anniversary/dad's b-day dinner. We ordered bulgogi, and different variations of bibimbap (tofu, seafood, chicken, and kimchi). The first thing we noticed were the sides that came out shortly after we ordered, which was great because we were quite hungry. Not only was there a great quantity in each of the 6 sides, but the kimchi, potatoes, pickled cucumbers, japchae, bean sprouts, and egg were all really delicious! (That's more than I can say for some of the smaller sides I had in Korea...) When the main dishes came out, we were surprised at how big they were...the bulgogi ended up being the perfect amount, but the bibimbap made us really full. Since I had the seafood, I can only comment on that bowl, but it stayed hot the whole time and was nice and filling. The squid was a bit on the chewy side, but the shrimp and octopus were quite delicious. Overall, a great Korean restaurant with better sides than your average Korean place :P
Met two of my good friends here on my way home from Cupertino while they were at the tail end of their meal. Got to try some of their leftovers and banchan. Better than Myung Dong Tofu Cabin in San Mateo. I was most impressed by the number of Indians here.
I've gotta admit, So Gong Dong Tofu House wasn't the best Korean restaurant I've had.  On my way home from a long day in San Francisco (2 hours at the San Francisco Chef 2011 festivities and another few hours of shopping) I was in need of some good ole fashion Korean food.  After doing a little "Yelp'ing-action" while driving on the 101 I found So Gong Dong Tofu House with over 470 reviews and a 4 star rating.  I assumed that this place was going to be amazing. When we drove up to the little restaurant there was at least 12 people waiting outside the door.  I assumed we would have to wait at least 30-45 minutes but we were seated well within 15-20 minutes. What did we order: Korean Seafood Pancake: I probably order this dish for an appetizer at every Korean restaurant I visit and I'm usually very impressed (this is a pretty simple dish to make).  Unfortunately, I thought So Gong's was a little too plain and there was too much of an "egg flavor."  I usually like Korean Seafood pancake with lots of green onions and squid (there wasn't much of that going on at So Gong's). Spicy BBQ Pork:  This was a very large serving, plenty for 2-4 people to share. I have no complaints with this dish. If you like spicy pork then a definite must order.  Sizzling spicy pork served on a rock plate over raw onions. Fish Egg Tofu Soup: I was VERY excited to see Tofu Soup served with FISH EGGS.  The fish eggs were so tasty but the tofu soup itself was just average.  This may have been my fault since I ordered the soup mild versus spicy. Overall, they had above average Korean food with plenty of panchan (Korean side dishes).  The service was EXCELLENT - our cups of water was always full and we were asked how things were by three different servers. If I was in the area again I would definitely try So Gong again but I definitely wouldn't make any huge effort to come out from San Jose to eat here (especially with all the Korean restaurants closer in Sunnyvale).
After having numerous tofu soup at different Korean Tofu houses, they all started to taste pretty similar to me. I don't think my taste buds are capable of telling excellence from good when it comes to spicy tofu soup. Okay there might be a difference in terms of quality of the meat and the tofu. Other than that, I couldn't make anything out of it. If there are some tofu soup experts there please share some light. Although I failed at tofu soup, Dolsot Bibimbab is a different matter. I really adore the dolsot Bibimbab here at So Gong Dong. When I was still a student (apparently too many years ago), this is the place I frequently ate at. Revisiting this eatery after all these years and the Dolsot Bibimbab was still as good as I remember. Very few place uses a stone bowl hot enough to give you this much crispy rice at the bottom. Just don't forget to keep mixing the rice as you eat so they don't get too burnt. The crispy rice is the best part about this dish. If you don't like them just order a regular Bibimbab. Oh yes and don't forget the hot sauce. Bibimbab without the hot sauce is not Bibimbab at all.
I'm a semi regular here, every other month or so. What I like about this place is it is dependable for quality, service and price. I personally like spicy so I get the 'hottest' they offer. I've got a pretty decent tolerance and I think their hottest is about perfect. Korean spicy is not nearly as spicy as Thai, so the hottest tends to be great. (Where as Thai hot crosses over to unedible for me.) I alter between the beef dumpling and instant ramen tofus. I can't comment as much on their other foods. I really really like the side dishes and could practically make a meal just out of them. Those little potatoes rock! The price is fine, 2 tofus, a happy full tummy plus tip = $26 They are also quite 2 person table friendly, so you can get a seat pretty fast even during busier times. Overall, you can't go wrong here, unless you don't like spicy tofu in general. If you don't I feel sorry for you, you are missing out on one of life's tastier meals.
So Gong Dong Tofu House was a staple place for me, especially since living a few streets over in the PA. In my mind the small dishes - which are bottomless - along with a main entree were such a good deal. I've had a variety of their tofu dishes, bulgogi meats and cold noodles. Living in Pittsburgh now, I dream of the days of going to Tofu House. My only gripes are that parking is hard and that you do have to wait if you arrive during peak dinner times.
The small dishes are really good. The kimchi is kind of spicy and the bulgogi is flavorful.  You get unlimited refills on small dishes so don't be afraid to ask! I ordered the kimchi, beef tofu soup, and it is pretty filling. The kimchi isn't too spicy and the beef is good. The purple rice is a pleasant surprise since I expected cheaper rice. The service was relatively fast even though we went in at around 7pm. TL;DR; Small dishes are endless. The kimchi, beef tofu soup is filling. The purple rice is a definite plus.
This place was amazing!  The soup was exactly what I wanted.  I'm a vegetarian and I loved that they had tons of veggie options, and they warned me that the kimchee had fish sauce in it.  The banchan was my favorite.  I ordered seconds and even took some to go, I loved it so much.  I will be going back here.
I have friends and family who adore SGD, though I'm personally much more mixed.  This is really the place to go for Korean food unless you're willing to drive down to Santa Clara, so really I need to learn to lower my standards or be willing to go further out. THE GOOD: - The tofu's good and hits the spot on a cold day. - Very reasonably priced so you can come often with no guilt. - They leave the water pitcher. - The banchan appetizer side dishes include several of my favorites including marinated cucumber, kim chi, bean sprouts, and sweetened potatoes. - Parking's never that fun but not terrible if you're ok with walking a little. - I like the pack of melon gum that comes with the check. THE BAD: - They don't invest in top notch ingredients, which bothers me as a foodie:  The shrimp in the combo and seafood tofu is always tiny and never jumbo shrimp, the seafood pancake's seafood is fine but not the best stuff, the raw eggs for the tofu resemble the cheapest non-jumbo eggs you'll find at Safeway, and the beef the low-end beef you'd find from the supermarket.  It's more than edible, but I wish they'd spend a tiny bit more and take it to the next level. - The non-tofu dishes are hit-or-miss.  I've enjoyed a bunch of their appetizers, I like the galbi, but found the bulgolgi (sometimes greasy and hard to chew) and bibimbap (sometimes bland or stingy) hit-or-miss. - It's always packed when I go for dinner.  We usually have to wait at least 20 minutes and order before getting seated.  The waiting area can be cold, especially since cold days are the days best for visiting SGD. - There are fewer banchan dishes than most Korean restaurants.  The banchan is also inconsistent where pretty often you end up with over-marinated kim chi or undercooked potatoes. - The ambiance is a bit dumpy so this isn't a place for a first date. - There's no cell reception in here for some reason. TIPS FOR SUCCESS: - Don't go too spicy on your tofu the first time you come.  It's pretty spicy. - Request white rice if you're not too adventurous and don't want purple rice. - Request a (free) banchan refill if there are any you particularly like. - For Korean food n00bs: Break/add the raw egg right when the tofu comes so it cooks.  If you get bibimbap, pay the extra money for the stone pot since it causes the rice at the bottom to get nice and crispy.
Working in Palo Alto, I've been going here as a somewhat regular lunch place. I usually get the #4 (Dumpling Tofu Soup) (ordered REALLY SPICY, because I love my lips to burn) or the #17 (Spicy Pork Bulgogi). There's not much I can really say... its solid without being top-notch. The Tofu soup has a distinct soy bean taste to it if you get a big enough piece and the soup itself is quite flavorful. The dumpling itself is also surprisingly delicious. However, the meat part of the soup isn't all that great. I even tried to substitute it with Pork one time to get a different flavor from the beef - bad idea... the pork sort of shrivels up into miniscule bits and pieces. It comes with a bowl of purple beaned rice and an egg that you'll have to crack into the soup yourself. The Spicy Pork Bulgogi, which is essentially marinated spicy BBQed pork, is good though not great. The good thing is you get quite a lot of it and most likely can take some home. Oh wait, what am I missing. The Banchan! There's usually 5 dishes: Potatoes, Bean Sprouts, Kim-chi, Picked Cucumbers, and glass noodles (why on earth anyone would order the actual glass noodle dish when you can get it for free is beyond me). I'd say flavor-wise, with the exception of the kim-chi, they are above average. The kim-chi itself isn't very tasteful... the sauce is a bit heavy without having much to it.
Pitstop for spicy tofu soup with ramen madness. I prefer this location rather than Santa Clara one.
Solid lunch or dinner place with good food and a price that won't break the bank. The atmosphere is like an upscale cafeteria (except you don't have to get your own food).  Small chairs, small tables, nonexistent decor - you get the picture.  And it's divided up into three weirdly-shaped rooms - one large one as you walk in, and two to the right that are long and narrow.  Just strange.  Once you get over that and realize it's kind of a divey joint, you can enjoy the food. I love the bibimbap.  Cooked in authentic stoneware, the rice crisps up perfectly and the food is piping hot.  It's hard to wait until it cools off enough to eat - that's how enticingly delicious it smells/looks.  The tofu soup is also good.  The sides they offer are superior - great noodles, sweet white potato, pickled cucumber, bean sprouts and kimchi. Servers are polite and friendly.  A good go-to lunch place.
Came here when I used to work in Palo Alto. Loved the tofu soup but it wasn't anything special. It was still delicious and piping hot for a really cold day. Enjoyed it a lot. Brought a co-worker here who apparently was shocked that I even brought up "TOFU house" as an option for lunch, but she soon learned it was much more than that. She loved, loved the seafood pancake. She always had leftovers, I always finished my soup to the very bottom of its pot. Sides were yummy. Tad more expensive than other tofu places though (maybe because it's next to Fuki?).
Found my favorite Bay Area Korean restaurant!  Their Soon Dudu, Bibim bop, BBQ ribs yum.... will return soon!
Yummy! As many of you regular Korean foodies already know, each meal comes with a lot of food, and boy was it delicious! My boyfriend had never tried Korean food before, so I thought I would introduce him to some of the basics of Korean food and started off with soft tofu soup and a bibimbap. At the time we ordered he thought there wouldn't be enough food, but he was surprised by the variety of mini appetizer dishes that also came with the meal. I was stuffed! And sure enough, so was he! This place gets real busy around supper time, so I would recommend coming here as early as possible. Try anything and everything! You will not be disappointed!
I'm not a huge fan of tofu houses, though I like Korean BBQ, so it's always a tossup for me. But I was on my way past Palo Alto as I drove from SF to LA, so clearly a big belly full of bulgogi meant that I wouldn't have to stop for the rest of the journey. Bonus. Anyway, my buddy is a fan of this place, and he had good taste, so it was worth a stop-in. The bulgogi was above-average. The banchan were excellent. The tofu soup, well, not my cup of tea, but that's more about the dish than it is about the preparation. We also got a hae-mul-pah-juhn (seafood omelette), which was tasty though not the best I've had. Could've been crispier. All-in-all, a reasonably priced hole-in-the-wall with tasty food... not expensive nor cheap. I'm not convinced it's the best place in Palo Alto for all Korean dishes, but you could certainly do much much worse.
Decent place to get some Korean food. The staff here is friendly and nice. Service is slow during lunch time since they are busy. The price is relatively reason. Prepared to smell like Korean food after you are here.
I came here for lunch with a friend on her recommendation. It was an extremely hot day, but tofu still hit the spot. We both ordered the seafood tofu medium spicy -- delicious! The sides were also good (though pretty standard). The service is quick and the food comes out fast. This is a great place to grab lunch on a weekday. -L.
I'm not quite sure what everyone likes about this place.  Is it the only place around the area that is Korean?  Maybe that's what it is.  The only reason I say that is because I've been to may Korean restaurants, partly because I live close to the city where there are too many to choose from and are all different to me. I've had the bi bim bap which you can't ever go wrong with and I have also had the tofu soup extra spicy with beef and mushroom.  Both dishes were very good.  I love little appetizer plates they always give. Cons about this place-service is not always best and sometimes takes a while for people to come over to the table.  Then again I always go at lunchtime where it is most busiest. I don't hate this place but it's just a regular Korean restaurant to me and trust me, I LOOOOVE korean food but this one doesn't quite make my list.  It only makes my list for go to places for lunch in my work area and that is not necessarily a bad thing---really!
Went with a party of 9 on a Saturday night at 8pm, still had to wait over half an hour until we got seated (granted there was an onslaught of hungry Stanford kids after the football game). Had the ramen tofu soup (medium spicy), which was decent. Just eat it fast enough before the ramen gets too soggy. Side dish selection and taste were good and also shared a seafood pancake  - which I found a little too eggy. Kimchi was a *bit* too salty, but the cucumber was right on target - flavorful and crunchy. Overall: decent korean food, although their focus is mainly on tofu soups.
First visit to the Tofu House,  first time having Korean BBQ, and I loved  my meal.  Went for lunch and showed up early since lots of yelpers have said how quickly the place fills up, which was definitely true on our visit. Here's what we ordered: 1.  Spicy Pork Bulgogi - tender, spicy, and meaty 2.  Spicy Tofu soup with beef - how can you not love the cracking of the raw egg into a sizzling bowl of broth 3.  Bibimbap - so many good and simple flavors all working together in one bowl Overall the dishes were spicy (as promised), flavorful, a good portion size, and the services was very friendly and quick. Banchan favorites of mine were the pickled cucumbers and lightly curried potatoes.  Kimchi was ok but hey I love me some spicy fermented cabbage, so no complaints.  Total bill  for 3 people was $37 before tip, which was absolutely worth every penny. Will definitely be back for lunch to try as much of the menu as I can.   Dining companions, who were not Korean food rookies like me, also agreed that we should come back again soon.  Right on. FYI our server told us that this location is the sister location to the one in San Mateo in case anyone was curious...
My co-workers and I have been here about 3 times for lunch in the past two weeks and I think I could eat the Combination Soonduboo everyday!! The combo of beef, clams, shrimp and soft tofu soup (extra, extra spicy) is so delicious and is one of the best I've ever had it. And way better than even other So Gong Dong locations. And I love the raw egg they give you to crack into your soup!! The banchan sides dishes are also really tasty and you can always ask for more when you're done. They usually give japchae noodles, potatoes, kimchee, bean sprouts and pickled cucumber. I can't even begin to tell you how good the noodles are and those frickin' potatoes as well!! I usually hate eating potatoes but I will eat every single last one and I will fight anyone who tries to stop me! :D As for service, it gets really packed at lunchtime but yet the waitresses are really attentive with filling up your water and all the banchan dishes. That to me, says A LOT!
Went here last Friday and was definitely impressed! I didn't get Tofu Soup, but I should next time. I got the spicy pork platter and it was good, but be warned that it's pretty spicy! And you can't ask them to make it mild because it is already pre-marinated. I could handle it though... just had to order another bowl of rice! If you like SBD Tofu House, this one definitely compares and might even be better!
I was impressed to find a tofu house this far away from Koreatown in Santa Clara. Hubsters and I went in to get some soup and grub for dinner. The tofu soup was delicous, not too spicy (heat wise) so next time I'll request it extra spicy. Their bulgogi was done fairly well and the service was decent. We had to wave down the server for water and ended up just requesting them to leave a pitcher at our table. Nice clean well lit interiors. Servers didn't smile too much but the food was good!
I think this was actually the first place I ever tried Korean bbq back in the day, so I thought I'd give it another try after moving back to the area. Apparently, while I was away, I got spoiled by the Korean bbq places I frequented in the east bay. We ordered the spicy pork and gal-bi.. I guess I don't have any specific complaints, but I just felt that the food was mediocre. Also, they only give you a few banchan side dishes and I am used to having like 12+... service was ehh... servers were not very attentive. Overall, didn't think the quality of the food was worth as much as the price... have definitely experienced better.
I'm glad we stumbled upon this place because it's quite tasty and inexpensive for the amount of food that you get.  My bf got the fishegg tofu and I got the seafood tofu.  Both were very good with a nice variety of banchan.  My only complaint is that there were about 7 tables in the section where we were sitting - when we first walked in, one table had been vacated and not cleaned.  Okay, no big deal - they'll get to it.  But then, by the end of our meal, I turned to see that we were the only occupied table left and that none of the tables had been cleaned off, including that first one.  This place is not fancy by any means - the tables and chairs could use some updating, but I'd come back again if I were in the area.
Mmmm mmm mmm.... I don't come here that often which is a shame, but I've loved everything I've tried.  A great Korean option outside of Santa Clara/Koreatown. Decent banchan with half a dozen options including glass noodles, potato, kimchi, cucumber, and a few more that I clearly don't pay any attention to, hah. I have yet to try their signature tofu dishes, but I have had the galbi lunch - LOVE LOVE LOVE the purple rice. I've since been hooked on the dolsat bulgogi bibimbap (BBQ pork claypot rice with veggies) and haven't been able to get anything else.  It is might mighty tasty.  It's great on a cold day, and I never seem to finish (HUGE portion) so I have a nice little snack for later.  Considering the pricing is $12-15 a lunch, it's a little pricey.... but since the portions are large, I don't mind so much. My friend Andy didn't enjoy this place because he's a newbie to Korean food.  He was a little shocked at the whole shrimp in his tofu pot.  Having the whole shrimp is so delicious!  Ah well... he'll just have to miss out.  We make sure not to invite him when we want to come here.  (Sorry Andy!) I know I'll be back for the tofu soon.  Parking is easy with a large lot, and I've never had to wait for a table.  Speedy service and generally attentive (you do need to sometimes flag the waitresses down to get your check or refill water, but they're running around so much that the frequency/opportunity of seeing you is pretty constant). So glad there's a good Korean eaterie nearby work!
Three people were hungry for some tofu soup... And this is a great place to visit. And the price was not bad also. Only accepts visa or master card or cash. No checks or Amex. Good size portions and very generous. Dinner time is super busy and we couldn't get a waiter to Wait on us for until 20 mins. However food came out pretty fast and hot. We ordered the leaks pancake- yummy Tofu soup in two version Combo tofu soup with mild spice - yummy Seafood tofu soap with extra spicy - yummy says my friend Bulgogi - super generous portions and super yummy Appetizers consists of chapjae, soy beans, cucumber, kimchi, and another portion which I forgotten. Overall its pretty good within palo alto area. But I still prefer the tofu house in Cupertino plaza and also the kukje market inside has a tofu shop...
We came here for lunch and they were packed within 30 minutes after opening. By the time we leave, there was a line out the door and the parking lot was completely full. Food was delightful and the staff were friendly. We ordered a bulgogi and soon dofu with kimchi; neither overpowered by MSG. Portion was generous. They gave us five variety of banchan: kimchi, cucumbers, sweet soy potato, bean sprouts, and plain jap chae. Service was good. The staff were cheerful. Constant refill on our water and tea and they even offered us refill on the banchan.
Everything was so good! Wooow! That bulgogi meat is phenomenal: the beef is succulent and sweet. The sides are BEAUTIFUL potatoes, purple rice, kimchi, the works. The seafood tofu soup was yummy, a lovely texture on the tofu. Finally the vegetable dish with the yummy crust was delish. I love interactive food :D It's my first experience with Korean food, so I don't have a lot to compare it to. However, I can definitely say that I thought the food was fun beautiful and yummy.
Still the best stone pot tofu I have ever had. Their bimbimbap is also my favorite because it is the only one that I have been able to order meat (without a special request) and the only one that forms that amazing crispy bottom at the end. Yes their prices continue to creep up but I still think it is well worth the value and yay for refilling those small dishes!!
If this restaurant was located in Sunnyvale or Santa Clara, it would rank somewhere between "mediocre" and "good." But due to the scarcity of Korean establishments in the Palo Alto area, SGDTH is a winner by default. The beef and pork bulgolgi are solid (not a fan of the chicken version), the service is attentive, and the menu has nice variety. We arrived at around 6pm on a weekday and the place was crowded - a lot of families with young kids - even tho the overall environment leaned towards the minimalist. But one glaring omission - the place doesn't serve beer or soju ... which is a shame since I like to supplement my Korean BBQ with OB beer.
The hubby and I came here last night to pig out and I have to say..this place is AWESOMENESS! I've been here before but I wanted to go again and they write a review. First off, the service here is 5 stars!  They were very nice and patient, always filled our waters, and came numerous times to ask if we wanted more ban-chan (the korean kimchee sides), most restaurants seems to get irritated when asking for more or don't even bother to come by to ask. You know its good when there are lots of korean folks going. We ordered AND FINISHED all the food: 1. The kimchee sides were deelish! The best fresh vinegar cucumber kimchee, bean sprouts (not too salty), cabbage- not too sour or fishy, just right.  The potato was sooo good, too! They even bring you the egg omelette thingy..so good. My mom used to make this for me and its to so nice to have it here.  Their chapjae (sweet potato clear noodles) is off the hook deeelish!! Love how they bring it to you for free.  Right amount of firmness, soysauce and sesame oil, and veggies. 2. Soon dooboo seafood tofu stew- awesomess!  Lots of clams, oyesters, 3 pieces of shrimp (so nice they are not greedy), and tofu.  Not greasy at all...and not too salty..perfect for this rainy weather. 3. kalbi - very good.  Huge pieces, tender, good seasoning. 4. Stone chicken bibimbap...not too much rice, lots of good for you veggies, lots of chicken pieces, and the red hot sweet sauce is perfect. The meal and service was really great.  Can't wait to go back!
So after working in Palo Alto for about  6 months now, I learned quickly how LIMITED selections there are to GOOD food in the area. So for those bad reviews- keep in mind that your selections in this city is quite limited- that is if you're looking for good tasting quality food (and no, yuppy rabbit food like Chipotle or Tandoori Oven does not count as good tasting quality food, which happens to be quite a significant in the area). Anyways, I'm not going to be going off to incredible tangents here, but this place is great, and I'm so glad that I really made a point to try it. I love good Korean food, and going to a Sorabol does not satisfy that hunger. In Palo Alto, I would never have expected to find, let alone, a Korean restaurant or Tofu House. I have yet to try their tofu soup, because I love spicy soups. Yesterday I played it a safe with ordering the Bulgogi lunch special. For about $12 it gets you a lot! Holy sh!t I was impressed by how much food they gave for that price. Now for the ultimate taste test! Ok maybe not, but I went here during my lunch break and brought the stuffed plastic bag back to my office, and opened up to what was a totally complete lunch! One box of the Bulgogi, a small box of the purple rice, and a box of 3 different sides with some Jabche too(i spelled that wrong..whatever). Their Bulgogi was excellent! Not dry, not greasy, in my opinion, rather perfect. The purple rice was something I did not expect to see because I thought that had to be it's own separate order, but wow it tastes great! Its just like regular white rice, but it has a little white bean or 4 mixed in there. I really don't know about purple rice, but if you don't mind purple food, then it's a so go for you to try it. The sides were great, and the noodles were superb. I couldn't have asked more for a delicious lunch! Oh yeah, and when you order- it comes quick too.I just wish that they would have an online menu, because that was impossible to find. The staff there is friendly- and they give you melon gum! Now, who wouldn't want that?
Very nice Korean restaurant. Had tofu soup and kalbee. My rating is 3.5. I think tofu soup here is tasty but ummm not very surprising. But the good thing is that there are many kinds of tofu soup they serve, and they ask how I would like my soup, spicy or not. Side dishes are great. And moreover, you can have extra side dishes if you ask, and also surprisingly even extra rice bowls if you want. Quite crowded and need to wait to have food here.
Side Dishes: Free, all-you-can-eat side dishes = awesome. I especially LOVE the potatoes - the flavor is divine. I think they also give everyone a bowl of rice. Main Dishes: - Bulgogi: tasty & they give you a whole heaping pile! - Tofu soup: delicious - Tofu pancake: meh Ambiance: Not the greatest... it's like your typical Korean restaurant I suppose. Slightly shabby. If you're looking for a "romantic date spot" then go elsewhere. Parking: They have their own lot, but during peak hours, it'll be full & you have to search for parking elsewhere. Service: Variable. Be prepared to proactively flag down waiters if you need something. There can be a long wait for dinner, so don't forget to sign in on the waitlist clipboard. To shave off some time, you can go ahead & place your order with the person at the checkout counter while you're waiting... your rumbling stomach will thank you for doing this.
WOW!  The food I requested as "spicy" actually came out as spicy. This is a real Korean place, just like as served by my Korean ex-girlfriend's mom ;)  The food came out fast, and the offered refills on the side dishes (called Banchan). Highly recommend if you are experienced with Korean food or want to try something new.
They have yummy Korean food! The appetizers are healthy and tasty. So as the main course.
Yum! This was my first experience with Korean Food. Heard great things about this place and finally decided to give it a try. Went on a Friday night and it was PACKED! Line outside the door. We put our name down and the wait wasn't too bad. The service is fast and effiecient. The complimentary side dishes are good! Kimchi, cucumbers, noodles... I loved every single one, even bean sprouts, which I normally hate. I ordered the bibimbap which came out super hot and tasted great! Loved the crispy rice on the bottom. Wil definitely be going back!
This restaurant is da bomb. I was tired after getting off the plane and the Korean food hit the spot. There was so much food, and it was great. The bulgogi is mouthwatering, and the soup is delicious! On top of that, the waiter is hot (Mr. Muscles)! Wink wink ;-)
I've been here about three times for dinner and lunch. The side dishes are great. You can (and should) definitely ask for more once you've finished it. Relatively quick service and great food. The beef is excellent and savory. The melon gum for dessert is delicious. Recommendation: Get the spiciest tofu. The mild tofu is not spicy at all. Also, bring friends. :)
I was craving for some good Korean food and I heard they're good down in the south bay. So after an interview about 30 minutes away, I decided to come here for some soondubu. The restaurant was really hot, but I really wanted my soondubu anyways. I got the seafood one which has a lot of clams, some oysters and shrimp. I only got the medium, which isn't spicy at all. The broth was barely red. Although the soondubu was pretty good, it just didn't reach my expectation or memory of it. They do give you good side dishes and plenty of it too.
These people need to hose down that landfill of a table bussing cart.  That shit is gross.  Also, stop using cleaning chemicals so close to the diners please.
Food is blah+, it's like $16 for a bim bim pap.  I still go once every two months just for a sub par... Read more 
- Veggie tofu soup - Mandu (dumpling tofu soup) - Bulgogi - Seafood pancake Yay!! My bro was in town!! He's always craving korean bbq when he's here! haha This time he wanted soup because that's all he could eat. =\ So luckily this tofu house is known for their different tofu soups!!! yay! :D I got the Mandu (dumpling tofu soup) not spicy. It was very HOT temperature wise. I burned my tongue too many times tonight while eating my tofu soup. =\ It's still numb. Anyways, I enjoyed my 3 dumplings, cracking the raw egg into the boiling bowl of rice cakes, tofu, and soup!! I only ate half of my tofu soup!! I was already so full!! The seafood pancake was HUGE! I'm glad they pre-sliced it into smaller mouth-size portions! Delicious with green onions and shrimp inside! Oh and the bulgogi dish was yummy too!!! You can't go wrong with ordering bulgogi! They had tiny pieces that my bro could eat! hehe The bill came out to almost $50! ahaha Can you believe I ordered ALL that food!?!? O_O Yes! haha I didn't have lunch today. :P But don't worry, I didn't eat it all in one sitting. Now I have leftovers for the next four days! Yay! I don't have to cook!!! :D I've been to other tofu houses like SDG Tofu House in Santa Clara (they pack you like sardines in there) and SJ Omagari in Japantown. But I have to say I really like this tofu house the best!! It's a bit hidden on El Camino. The first time I came we over shot it! It's next to Fuki Sushi. There's ample parking at the front of the restaurant! I love coming to this place!! So clean, very spacious (tables aren't crammed side by side), quick service, super nice people working here! Love the refills on the side dishes! Love the purple rice! mmmm And they give you a piece of melon gum at the end!!!! Tip - eat slowly... don't burn your tongue - ordering more than 4 dishes? get a bigger table - free refills on side dishes! so eat away! Go green: take VTA #22 or 522
Why is it that there are always FLIES in here??? But that aside...our new hot item at this place is the SEAFOOD PANCAKE. Warm, fluffy and simply yummy.
The bumpy parking lot still needs some work, but the food is too good to pass. Just had their NEANG... Read more 
Don't-Don't-Don't believe the hype! (I love quoting Public Enemy) With all the positive reviews, I ASSUMED this place was good. *WRONG* It's OK. And when I say OK, I mean OK as in OK, OK? We waited for 10 minutes before being seated and was able to place an order during the wait. Ordered the #4 - tofu soup medium spicy with dumplings. This restaurant is SUPER NOISY when packed. So when someone like me (who is loud by nature) tells you that this place is NOISY, BELIEVE IT. I couldn't have a conversation without yelling. It was deafening. In fact, the only conversation you may have is this: "This place is so noisy." "Whaaaaat? I can't hear you. This place is too noisy." The mini side dishes took FOREVER to come out. Like we were sitting around for 10 minutes before we were acknowledged by the staff. It was busy, so forgivable, but still ANNOYING. Then came the soup, piping hot. Medium spicy? Not really. Tastes like medium mediocre tofu soup to me. Dumplings were tasty, but nothing great about the soup itself. There were maybe two beef bits. Skimpy much? ANYWAY, my experience was different than the other reviewers apparently. Tofu soup again? Nah, next time, it will be a bowl of Vietnamese pho instead.
As crazy as my friend is about Korean girls, me on the other hand, I really enjoy eating Korean cuisine. My taste buds don't lie when I am bedazzled by all my five senses. So Gong Dong Tofu House embodies good hearty Korean food.  I learned the location in Santa Clara used to be owned by the same owner as the Palo Alto house, but since a few years ago, the owner has changed.  Most people aren't so interested with background information, so without further due, 'Just Feed Me!' I love their appetizers galore. There are at least 6 mini dishes and all can be refilled unlimited times. Just the appetizers alone can fill a person up (maybe you can just ask for rice).  My favorites are clear noodles, steamed seaweed, and fermented bean sprouts. When I order their main entrees, I always get their Pork Bibimbop. Steaming hot rice, fresh vegetables, and flavorful pork all infused in a burning clay pot. I love how the rice burns and becomes crunchy on bottom of the pot. My wife always orders Kalbi with rice so she can take the rest to work the next day. When it gets busy and all tables are occupied, be prepared to be patient when looking for a waitress. When you do flag one down, service is fast and friendly.  At no more than $30 with dinner for two and leftovers, I call it a deal! Just recently, the parking lot was resurfaced. YAY! No more pot holes and dusty roads. I don't think the parking lot was ever formally paved and patrons parked where ever they wanted not giving consideration to other cars. This tofu house is my rediscovered treasure!
I am a Korean, I know about Korean food - I used to be a chef in Korea.  This is the best food you could get with this price in this area.  I go there when I am home-sick.  Try some Bibim- bob which all my American friends and my husband's favorite dish and it is very healthy food - and also you can control the spiciness while you are adding the spicy sauce. - if you could handle $10 more, add some BBQ in it and make it BETTER and of course , take some left over for next day.  it is great left over, Microwave it and you will be happy :) If you want some BBQ experience, this is NOT the place you want to go.
The Seoul of tofu... Quite possibly the best tofu soup place in the Bay Area hands down!  Normally I would never consider tofu soup a main menu item, perhaps as an appetizer.  But Tofu House makes the best soft (and I mean soft) tofu soup that is I can only describe as OH SO GOOD!!  The people are friendly, the service is quick,  and I love the simplicity of the menu.. I went here one of my eating partners and I had the seafood tofu soup while she had the mushroom tofu soup... As most have pointed out you can customize your soup's spiciness, from not spicy to medium to spicy hot.  We both had to have it spicy of course! Once the server brought our soups, you can tell it was just cooked as it was bubbling like it was going to explode!  Then we took the eggs and cracked it open and stirred it with tofu soup... and it was on!  Dessert is a stick of melon chewing gum. That's why, as you walk in, you may see people walking out chewing.  Overall I'd say Tofu House has the most bang for your buck.. Why didn't I find this place sooner??
I am pretty sure my pandora either thinks I am a gay man or a 25 year old girl. I keep wanting Rise Against and I keep getting Cyndi Lauper and Duran Duran.  Hmm. I digress... I am about two steps away from inventing kimchi cologne. Who doesn't want to smell like wilted cabbage? I love this place. Always busy and I always wait in line to sit but these people are so awesome that they take your order before you sit so your overall wait time is minimal. The spicy kimchi tofu soup is a killer.  Mix in a side of the BBQ pork and you have yourself a meal that Kim Jong Il would serve at a state dinner. My only complaint is that they dont have those little tofu skin appetizer deals. Colors.
Ssshhhhpicey tofu soup make my insides quiver.  I don't know how I lived the first 1/3 of my life without this stuff.  So Gong Dong Tofo House serves up one of the best super hot and spicy seafood tofu soups to burn my lips.  Tons of seafood and silky chunks of tofu. B said the seafood pancake was the best he's had.  I still like Um Ma Son's a notch better, but it really did taste like a pancake with pieces of seafood in it.  Pretty yummy.  We also got a spicy, silver noodle, with beef slices soup (listed on back of menu).  It had bean sprouts and the broth was even spicier than my tofu soup.  Very tasty! Service is spectacular despite the crowd.  Food comes out fast.  I'll be back to try the bibimbap and of course, another helping of spicy tofu soup.
I've been to Tofu House a few times, and I have to say that I've enjoyed it every time. I always get the tofu soup with beef at the lowest spicy level, and it's delicious. Along with the free side dishes (that can be refilled forever), this meal is always satisfying and filling. The only downside I can think of is the limited menu selection and the price, which is only annoying for a poor college student.
Pros of going by yourself: You get the same amount of assorted sides as a party of four. Yeah, more kimchee for me! Cons: You have to order several full size dishes if you want to sample various tastes. Boo, I busted a gut at lunch today by ordering too much. I've always been intimidated by Korean restaurants no matter how many business trips I've made over the years. E.g., with piping hot clay pots, how can you not burn your mouth with both metal chopsticks and rice bowls? Gong Dong takes away my feelings of intimidation by having a bright and cheery atmosphere through a pleasant decor and perky, can-do staff. Operators are standing by to explain the menu and the intricacies of the cuisine. If you still don't want to ask for assistance, you can just check out the tables around you, point and say you'll have what they're having (excluding if Harry and Sally are at the next table).
Dear Tofu House, I am very sad that you are closed on Sundays.  For some reason, after church, all I want are some Korean side dishes and a boiling hot pot of tofu soup. I like your brother down in Santa Clara better, but you have won me over with your purple rice (how do you do that?  red beans?).  Plus, you are close.  Your waitresses are nice and fast, and I love your melon gum. Please open on Sundays! Love, Liz
Another win for the city of Palo Alto.  After a long day of shopping at Ikea I was craving some warm food, so Korean it was! We were worried that we may have been cutting it close since they closed at 9:30 PM and we arrived at 9:15 PM.  Luckily we were warmly greeted and they sat us down promptly. We both knew we wanted the beef soon du boo so we were able to place our orders quickly.  Our side dishes arrived shortly after that followed by our soon du boo.  I ordered my soup spicy and I was a little disappointed that it wasn't as spicy as I would have liked.  It had some heat to it but not as much as I would have liked.  Overall, pretty good side dishes and soon du boo. One thing that really stood out about this place was that they kept your water glasses nice and full without us even having to ask!  I always order my soon du boo spicy so having plenty of water is always needed.  For some reason every Korean restaurant I've gone to always have their water glasses in these dinky cups that I can finish in literally 3 gulps.  Nice change to have great service and water glasses filled without having to ask!
Tofu House is truly a welcome staple to the Palo Alto( and Peninsula) food scene. The weather outside is horrible (for Cali).  It's raining cats and dogs.  It's freezing (ie: below 60).  One thing can make anyone feel good in this weather: nice, hot soup. Granted, there doesn't seem to be a preponderance of soup places like there is in NYC, but we do have hot tofu soup and Tofu House is the best. I've tried pretty much all the different tofu soups, but typically stick with seafood or mushroom.  I also like the bbq meat platters and, if eating with a companion, will usually get one tofu soup and meat platter to split. The portions are hearty sized, service is quick and prompt, and I absolutely love the side dishes of kim chee, bean spouts, and Korean noodles.  Although I know this is standard for Korean places (in LA or Santa Clara even), it's such a stark contrast to the nearby Totoro (downtown Mountain View) that I can't emphasize enough how good a value a meal seems here. My only diss?  They don't seem to accept my favorite American Express card. It's cold again.  I think I'm going to get some tofu soup.
Okay, I spent how much for this dinner meal?!  Wait, what??! That's it? I spent under $28.00, after tip, for two people.  I ordered the spicy BBQ pork and soft tofu combination soup.  And it came with a plethora of side dishes along with plum-spiced rice. Food = good.  Quality is there...nice pieces of meat/seafood, without fillers.  I only wish that it was more spicy...but that's just me. :-P Service = friendly and attentive.  They are fairly fast too. Decor = simple.  It reminds me of being in this tiny hole-in-a-wall place in SoCal.... homey.  You can see their kitchen and hear the chatter.  It's just quaint.  This place is very clean too!! Yeah, I found a place to enjoy while down in the Peninsula....which is not frequent.
Convinced that SGD locations are not all created equal, I gave the Palo Alto outlet a try. I'd actually been here before, but can't remember much since my palette was still in its unanalytical stage. LOL! I ordered the combo soondubu with seafood and beef, medium spicy. The stock was surprisingly good with just the right amount of kick, better than what I had at the Santa Clara SGD. It was garnished with scallions and nori, with PLENTY of clams & beef, and a couple shrimp. They serve red bean rice, which I like over the plain white rice usually served. Raw egg is given as well, poached in the broth is the way I roll. Panchan on my visit wasn't that great though, otherwise I'd be tempted to give it 5 stars - Bean sprouts weren't very good and the potatoes were mushy. Kimchi was abundant but only decent and japchae was okay as well. My favorite was the pickled cucumbers.
Tired of home cooking, opted for some Korean take out, SIX items for $74. 1) Seafood pancake, pretty good, but something was missing. 2) Bulgogi, generous portioning, very good. 3) BBQ Pork, generous portioning, loved the sauce. 4) Seafood Soon Tofu, lots of clams, nice & spicy. 5) Dumpling Soon Tofu, 3 juicy dumplings. 6) Spicy Glass Noodle, Egg & Beef Soup, had better, also too greasy. Extras: -panchan, have had better, also a very limited selection, 3 servings. -purple rice, 6 servings. -little take out utensils, spoon, chopsticks incl. melon gum. Amazing their meat dishes are less than $13.00, overall a satisfying meal, definitely on my list of TAKE OUT in the Peninsula.  I would rather NOT smell-the fridge needs to be aired out already.
I wish I liked this place more.  I never get full on the tofu pot, and although the BBQ beef was good, it was just BBQ beef and rice.  I know they bring out all the kimchi, which is great, but there's still a surprising lack of vegetables... And I wish they would just leave the pitcher of water on the table.  The little glasses they have are woefully inadequate. Nice servers though!  Definitely authentic - the hot pots are actually hot throughout the meal!
The awesome thing about a great Korean meal is that you can smell it in your clothing for the rest of the evening. Had a tofu bowl, jab chae, bibimbap, kalbi, and a ton of small Korean side dishes (complimentary, of course) for around $50 (not including tip). Plenty of leftovers. Everything was very good - in particular I can imagine the tofu really hitting the spot on a chilly day, and the kalbi was tender and tasty. Definitely coming back here soon, though the place was packed on a Friday evening.
When I was walking out of the restaruant, there was this old white guy in his 60s asking the hostess which was good on the menu. Her response, "Everything good." My friend commented, what a typical asian salesperson. I laughed. I can laugh cause I'm korean too, there's no hate. Anyways, being a person that is trying to get intouch with their korean side, I ordered the spicy tofu soup. It was delicious. To all u koreans out there, please recommend to me places where u can get some good korean tofu soups plz. Anyways, they gave me an egg to put in the soup, but I didn' t know you were suppoed to put it in. My indian friend had to tell me that. One bad part is that they are some blind corners in the restuarant. I was walking one way, and a waitress was walking another way really fast. She was carrying some misol soup, and we didn't see eachother and I got soup spilled on me. So if you go to this restaurant, becareful. My sweated did smell delicious afterwards tho.
Totally delicious-- I recommend the tofu with chicken and mushrooms.  My tongue is still on fire more than 24 hours later. You will leave smelling like kimchee from head to toe, so make sure you wear clothes that can be immediately thrown into the laundry when you're done.  In fact,  I recommend a shower after.
First visit: 11/13/10 5:55 pm Saturday Line out the door by 6:05 pm. Get here before, yes, 6 pm on Saturday if you hope to get seated without waiting! And grab a paper copy of the menu on your way out so you can order takeout in the future.  I didn't know what to call any of the dishes when I phoned in, but they gave me exactly what I wanted anyway!  I have a menu now and have revised my review and added the Korean names. Quick notes from after our first visit. The banchan are: Potato Kim Chee (Cabbage) Cucumber Silver noodle Seaweed Mung bean It was a nice variety and a good enough amount.  We liked them all and each of the three of us had different favorites. For our dinners we had: Tofu Buchim (fried tofu cake) BulGoGi (BBQ Beef) Yoche SoonDuBoo (vegetable soft tofu, soup) [HaeMul?] BiBimBob (seafood over rice in stoneware) Purple rice We liked everything enough to go back about every month since!  Last night we got takeout BiBimBob, one seafood and one chicken. More than enough for (us) two adults.  The leftovers were great today -- see, I'm finally writing the review now!  Takeout also included the first four of the six banchan listed above. We have consistently enjoyed our food and experience with Tofu House so far.  Seems that most customers do, each time we've been there every seat in the place was taken.
4.5 The first time I came here was for dinner with a friend in the winter, and ever since then I've been wanting to come here for lunch, since it's not too far from work. Today, I finally did! Normally, I dont eat out at restaurants all by myself. The only place I really go by myself is subways, but this place has got to be an exceptions. For one, I know i can get my fill. They have unlimited side dishes which include: potato, kimchi, cucumber, bean spouts, clear noodles, with a raw egg. The picture posted shows it  well. If you come by yourself you get all the sides to yourself. =) Second, I know i'm eating healthy (aside from all that hot sauce of course). The purple rice is pretty good. It has green beans, red beans, and even almonds in it i think. It's also all you can eat. Third, the service is exceptional, and i know i can get in, get my food fast, and get out as soon as i finish my food. There's really no delay. The servicers are super polite, especially if you come here on week nights when it's not packed. They'll ask you many times if you want to refill anything. In terms of authentic korean food, I know nothing about. I trust my fellow yelpers that this place makes authentic korean food. All the workers here are korean and speak with a korean accent and korean with each other. One experience that convinced me that they have authentic korean food is when i asked for hot sauce on the side the first time i came here because I wasn't sure i can handle medium. They told me that it's not the same, since it has to be cooked a certain way. They still brought it after i said "o ic, it's ok then." In terms of good korean food, I've tasted better. But i realy like this place for it's simplicity.
I'm surprised by all of the really positive reviews. I thought this place was not very good. I have had so much better at other Korean restaurants. I did enjoy the appetizers...the kimchi and pickled cucumbers were a hit. The soft tofu soup with chicken was good but not as flavorful as most places I have been to. The most disappointing part of the whole meal was the pork bulogogi. Yuck...it was disgusting! It was fatty and not cooked as well as other places. I like my onions grilled and soft and that didn't happen with ours. We were all disappointed with this meal and will probably not come back. The service was good but not enough for us to come back.
This place is basically identical to the one in Santa Clara.  It seems a bit smaller and the service is a little bit slower.  The second wing of the place is so closed off, there's like no direct line of sight to the servers. Nevertheless the soondubu and banchan are great.  But where is the jook?  We didn't have jook.  I almost never eat the jook, but I'd like to have the option to dismiss the jook.  I want the jook.
We're going to become regulars at Tofu House. We sat down tonight at 6pm (it's Saturday) -- at that hour there was no wait, but there were plenty of other families to make us feel comfortable with the noise and mess our troop was sure to make.  They had at least 5-6 high chairs on hand, which is always helpful. The waiter was fast and brought two little bowls of (non-spicy) tofu with beef for my 2 and 4 year olds. Between that, the kimchi assortment and a BBQ beef plate, they were well fed and entertained by the meal for maybe $12 between the two of them. We parents thought our tofu bowls were great, but the other yelpers have covered that ground pretty thoroughly. Overall, just about everything I am looking for in an everyday restaurant: good eats, fast service, reasonable prices and a family-friendly casual environment.
When I'm in Palo Alto I usually stop by Tofu House to get my dol sot bibimbop fix.  The stone pot is searing hot and I love how the rice cooks on the bottom of the pot to heavenly crunchiness.  I have to admit I haven't even tried the soon tofu (I know, I know, it's TOFU house for pete's sake!) but I'm so addicted to their dol sot bibimbop I really don't care....my friends usually order the seafood soon tofu and they claim that it comes with good portions of clams and shrimp. Their panchan is really good - chapjae, seaweed, potatoes, purple rice (yum!) etc.  Their panchan is one of the better ones I've tried.  What I really like is their water - do all Korean restaurants use a special filter or something?!!! I drink so much of their water the server usually puts a big pitcher on my table. Service is friendly, fast and efficient and definitely a place I'll visit over and over again.
One of my friends had been trying to drag me here for quite some time, but I had, for reasons unknown, found reasons not to go.  Well, last night I went with a different friend here because Hahn's was closed.  Well, I'm actually happy they were closed because Tofu House is pretty good. The staff is Korean.  Imagine, Koreans working in a Korean restaurant, greeting and thanking you in Korean.  I swear the restaurant itself used to be a house or something.  It has a very strange layout.  The menu is extremely simple.  So, make sure you like Korean food as you don't have any other options. We were served promptly with our banchan.  Although they didn't have as many options as Ginseng (in Mountain View), they did have some pretty good food in general.  The seafood pancake was pricey for what you got, but once dunked in a spicy sauce and soy it was delicious.  The seafood and vegetable bibimbob was delicious.  There's nothing like rice sizzling and cracking in a stone pot while you're eating your shrimp, octopus, and squid. Now, for the not so nice bits.  The miso soup was bland, almost too salty.  The water was not always refilled, but then again it was close to closing time and the glasses only hold about 8 ounces of water.  The biggest problem was that they didn't have soju!  How can I enjoy my bibimbob without my new friend, Cham-I-Sul?  Alas... One star was to be stricken.  I'd truly rank this place as 3.5 stars, but I was feeling generous and gave it 4 as I would go here again over many other options.
A restaurant that's completely packed at 1:00pm is a great sign. This restaurant had to mess up a lot in order for me to not like it. Every table was slurping away on their boiling cauldrons of spicy soupy tofu goodness. Unfortunately, service was their downfall. We waited almost 5 full minutes before getting out silverware, another 5 minutes for water and 15 minutes before the waitress came by to take our orders. If you don't think that's a long time to wait, it is. Especially for lunchtime where most people only get an hour for lunch. Onto the main point though. The food? It was pretty decent. I understood why most of the clientle were Koreans. I burned my tongue on the bi bim bap, but I couldn't help it. It was good. I wanted to taste Esther's dish, but I didn't want to be rude and stick my contaminated spoon in her tofu cauldron. I did try Justyn's kalbi beef which was also pretty good albeit a little on the sweet side. We ended up having an hour an a half lunch, but it was all good. You can't beat good company and great food!
TOFU HOUSE is LOVE! I haven't been back in a while but this place will always be one of my fave Korean food joints. I almost always get the soft tofu w/ seafood combo. the broth is just perfectt. I usually get it spicy but it never really had a big kick to me that I expected. I just wished that the shrimps weren't soo tinyy.. its like not even the size of my pinky :( but the unlimited side dishes definitely makes up for it. the kim chiii && the noodles are my favorite, I'm constantly asking them for more. usually the service is ok, they definitely pay more attention to you before you order but once you get your food, you kinda have to hunt them down for a refill of water or the appetizers. I appreciate them giving us our space to eat but come check up on us every once in a while!
Korean chewing gum at the end with the bill - nice touch Food comes with a lot of little dishes, some good some not so good Can ask for refills of the little dishes Tofu pancakes were good Sweet pumpkin litle plate not that good Glass noodles - good Kimchi - spicy Tofu soup - Good though not a big fan of soft tofu Good value for money
Beware whitey!  This place is memorable but not in the way you'd expect.  When I was 20 I dated a Korean girl named Michelle.  She was very hot and also had an incredibly spicy temper.  Very similar to the BBQ Pork here at Tofu House.  Neither relationship worked out very well. I went here with a friend on a whim to catch up on things since I had been too busy to hang out recently.  My so called "friend" recommended the BBQ Pork.  The food didn't taste that spicy, I mean it didn't have the wasabi wooo heat.  It was more like the pork was cooked in a mild cayenne sauce and grilled in enough oil to make it pretty tasty. As the night progressed my meal reminded me of itself by gradually heating my insides to temperatures previously unrecognized.  It felt as though I had swallowed a can of pepper spray and it was starting to leak out.  I can only imagine this is what drug mules feel like when their cocaine filled condoms start to explode inside their stomachs, yet a lot less euphoric. Like after any really crazy party I was throwing up at 4AM.  But it wasn't from the drugs or alcohol, or even peyote, no it was BBQ Pork and all the little dishes they could fit onto the table and I just had to try.  I remember looking at upchucked food thinking, but you seemed so interesting and nice at first. The service was mediocre at best.  Water, the abundant liquid that covers the majority of the surface of the earth, is served in tiny little plastic cups the size of a tea cup. As I write this review nearly 24 hours later my stomach is still turning knots.  The meal and the girl are gone, but the my stomach and soul are scarred forever. [edit: added drugs, wishing there was a checkbox in Yelp:GoodFor:Enemies]
This is the go to place if you can't make it down to Sunnyvale. The staff is always friendly but the place does tend to get packed during peak hours. The menu is straightforward with your standard tofu soup, bibimbap, meat dishes and other various cold noodles. They just added seafood pancake and kalbi short ribs. The seafood pancake is decent and the kalbi shortribs are tasty. Be forewarned that at many of these Korean spots, they have soups and hot plates that come out steaming and it tends to seep through your clothing which leaves the lingering smell of the food.
I love this place.  If you ever have a craving for 10 dollar tofu soup or 12 dollar bibimbap, this is the place to go.  They have quick service, yummie appetizer thingies, and the dishes come out sizzling.  The bibimbap is perfectly crusty and the tofu soup's spices are just right for me.  I guess my only complaint is that the service is a bit too fast - and since it's in palo alto, and my friends and I like to chat for hours at a restaurant for our midweek palo alto dinners, we felt a bit rushed the two times we've gone (especially since the place is big enough that hardly anyone was ever waiting for a seat, so what's the big rush right?).  But then again, after the first time, we went a second time.  And I plan on going back more... Oh yea, the parking lot is a bit bumpy and crater-like.  So be careful driving in! Updated 10/23/2009 - they fixed their parking lot!!!  YAY!!
Ah, the smell brings me back to those summers in Seoul... I hardly ever get down to Palo Alto, but we were picking up a half-Korean friend from Stanford. Through a quirk, I speak passable Korean, so we Yelped a good place down in Palo Alto. The menu has about 20 items on it, all basics: about 8 different tofu stews, 3 naeng myun (cold arrowroot noodles), 6 tol sot bibimbaps (hot pot rice mixture), and several pure meat items. We got kimchee tofu stew, which was spiced to the point of bitterness - you have to mix in the rice (which is the sweet purple kind, which is healthier and often tastier than the plain white kind). My husband got the bulgogi, which he really liked. Our friend got the seafood bibimbap, which smelled divine and included generous amounts of shrimp, squid, and other unidentifiable seafood. They had no problem making mine meatless, so veggie seems to be okay. The side dishes (P'an chan) were all my favorites: sweet soy potatoes, garlic-salted-mung bean sprouts (how do the Koreans make bean sprouts so tasty?), kimchee, spicy greens, cucumber kimchee. They were generous with refills, too. Service was pretty good. The only problem we had was on our way out, we saw another table with an onion pancake (P'a jun), which was not on the menu. My husband LOVES those things, and if we'd known we could order off the menu, we would have been all over one of those. The overall bill for three of us was $35, and we all left stuffed. I'd go again next time I'm down in PA.
Mmmmm.....tasteeee...Combo Tofu soup.... Koreans seem to get everything right.  Hyundai, LG, Samsung, work ethic, and now chain restaurants.  Generous portions and the side dishes alone could feed a family of five. Food: 5 Loving the spiciness and taste. Service:  5  Excellent.  Very friendly staff.  Kept refills (water and side dishes) coming. Decor: 2  Exterior/Interior is clean-ish but sparse.  A few gratuitous photos of Korean landmarks.  Not sure why they even bother. ...but I am not here for the decor. Price: 4  Quite reasonable.  Portions and auto-refill side dishes help justify the price.  $10-12 for lunch dishes and a few dollars more for the same at dinner. Noise:  A bit loud becuz of the crowd, but easy enough to have a conversation with friends. Parking: 5  Parking lot in front of restaurant. Overall:  4  Can't wait to come back.  Maybe tomorrow...
The tofu soup was very flavorful even without the spicyness... I dont think I've ever experienced that elsewhere. (That's a good thing.) The interior needs some help!
I love this place. I don't care that its a chain. I depend on the consistency. I'm glad they decided to open a branch in Palo Alto... there are NO other Korean restaurants in PA. Its sad. Every couple of weeks, when I feel cold and mopey, I head over to So Gong Dong for a delicious pot of soon dubu. They don't have much variation on their menu... but that's ok. I always get the seafood combination. Extra hot. Sometimes I get upset that my dining companion's soon dubu is spicier than mine. Do you make mine milder just because I'm a girl? :( Remember to use your napkin as a soup splash shield! And don't wear anything super nice when you go. You'll leave smelling like kimchi. Not that that's a terrible thing... it just reminds me of the deliciousness and makes me hungry the rest of the night.
Somehow this place is never too crowded and while I'm happy that I always great service that this place doesn't get enough customers because it's a really good place to eat. I've had three things here: The BBQ chicken, the BBQ pork, and the Tofu Soup. The chicken (while not spicy) is still delicious, it was savory melt in your mouth delicious. The BBQ pork while its spicier than the chicken, just didn't taste as good. The spicy sauce didn't really do it for me so I'm not really recommending it for spicy lovers, just stick with your favorite mean or go the main course. Tofu Soup, this is the signature of this place and it's clear. I only had the original but I'm going to try the kimchi next. Some other nice things: They will give you white rice if you ask for it. They will refill your appetizers (for somebody like me who loves kimchi, oh god yes). The service is quick and good prices!
Food: 4 stars, service: 4 stars Summary of why I like this place: - close enough to Stanford - good service - good food for a restaurant in Palo Alto When I'm craving Korean food, this is probably the only place within a 15-minute drive from Stanford that I'll go to. I enjoy their bibimbab meal, as well as their bulgogi and galbi dishes. I've been to plenty of other Korean restaurants, and this place isn't as great as say Sunnyvale, and nothing in NorCal is comparable to SoCal, but it'll do when I want to enjoy a nice meal with my buddies.
Talk about winter comfort food. A sizzling bowl of tofu soup never disappoints! I've only had the mushroom and the mandu. Both are consistently good. I'm a big fan of the purple rice that comes with the meal too. Remember, a Korean restaurant always serves appetizers so you're always getting more.
This place rocks.  Kal bi was awesome and so was the bul goh gi.  Look forward to our next visit.
Awesome.  Incredible.  Best tofu place I've been to, including Buford Hwy in Atlanta.  AND we don't have to drive all the way to Santa Clara or Upper Richmond for a banchan, sundubu, and bibimbap fix! I love Korean tofu houses.  They're reasonably priced, always delicious, and will probably NEVER appear on that affordable meal show with that twit Rachael Ray. Yum-o! Biggest rec: try their haemul bibimbap...my wife claims it's the best she's ever had.  Better than your mom's?  Yes.
I had no idea the Tofu House was just minutes away from my office.  I've been working in Palo Alto for almost a year and I just found this?  I've been deprived! I love tofu places and I liked the tofu house. The place has hustlin' and bustlin' when we arrived for lunch on a rainy day.  Apparently, I'm not the only one who thinks it's the perfect meal on a cold and stormy day. I ordered the mushroom tofu dish and it hit the spot.  There were 5 of us dining that day.  They squished us in a table in the back, but it wasn't bad; it was cozy.  Service was quick despite the lunch rush.  We devoured the kimchee, chop chae, and the rest of the stuff before our rice and tofu arrived, but they were quick to deliver more. For $10, you get a helluva lot more than you would at other places with much better food! Yay for the Tofu House!
5 stars it is, for being one of the places I'll always come back to for good food.  I love their tofu pots here; it's just one of the best comfort foods in the world.  I usually order the original with pork and medium spiciness.  Yum!  Before I developed my current "usual" order, I had another one - and that was the same as my current one except for the spiciness level.  I really liked it HOT, and it would come out bubbling in an angry red soup.  I always lost sensation of my tastebuds for at least a day after the meal, but it was so good that I just kept coming back for more.  Nowadays, I do want to be able to taste other things aside from the spiciness, so I've downgraded to medium.  :-) Anyway, a great place to go when you want something warm or delicious or both.  It's not fancy, but the waitstaff are attentive so that your requests for them to provide more of the Korean side dishes or water are always met in a timely fashion.
You ain't heard? Tofu House=Happy Andrew W
I really enjoyed the tofu soup! One tip: the soup came boiling, and I forgot to crack my raw egg in it, so don't forget to do that. The appetizers are great, and the service was also attentive and polite.
I have had a fair share of soondubu, and this place was AWESOME! It was a kind of chilly day, perfect for tofu. The pricing is a bit expensive, compared to places in socal and others in the bay. But it was definitely worth it. They serve the purple rice here, which is pretty good, but it's not the stone bowl rice that other places serve (small loss). Somehow the tofu was sooo good.. fresh.. taste of the soup was great. I don't suggest the beef (bulgogi)... not very good here. Panchan (is that what it's called?.. the small dishes).. were good, but only a few (4 dishes i think, plus eggs). We also had a tofu salad, which was alright, nothing special/nothing bad. Overall I would definitely come here again, and only order the tofu. Also, I might of just had a huge craving, because the rest of my table liked the meal but didn't understand why i was raving so much about it. haha. see for yourself!
I really like their combination tofu soup, which has a combo of beef and seafood.  I like how it is loaded with clams (yum!) and the broth is so savory.  You can order the soup in varying degrees of spiciness ranging from no spice to mild to medium to spicy. Conveniently located a few blocks from work, I have a feeling I'll be coming here more often for lunch, especially as the weather gets cooler.  Don't keep leftovers in your car for too long or else your car will stink.  Also, it's not a bad idea to keep a bottle of Febreze in the office.  Your friends and co-workers will thank you for it.
Totally exceeded expectations, although to be totally transparent, I didn't really know what to expect from a Korean tofu restaurant. It was a new genre for me, but given my experience tonight, it's going to become pretty familiar! I had the vegetarian soft tofu soup with dumplings. I am vegetarian, I love tofu, and I am completely unable to resist dumplings wherever they occur on a menu. As such, this dish was not so much my *choice* for dinner, as my imperative. And wow, I'm glad it was! First, a huge array of side dishes was brought out, including pickles and kimchi of various description (including the traditional hot red cabbage stuff), glass noodles, rice with red beans, bean sprouts, an egg, etc.. Refills were offered at regular intervals, although not necessary; there was so much food! The waitstaff was attentive throughout the meal, but in no way annoying. Shortly after the sides arrived, the main dishes came. My friend had a vegetarian bibimbap, which looked fantastic. Mine, as I said, was the soft tofu with dumplings. Wow. It was a cauldron of bold orange broth (generously flaked with hot red bits of pepper), loaded with soft tofu and delicate dumplings, delivered to the table at a rolling boil. This honestly couldn't have hit the spot more perfectly. We had far more food than we could eat; made the newbie mistake of ordering edamame, not realizing all the sides would be there to keep us busy and full. We also had hot tea. And the bill, including a greater-than 20% tip, came to $18/person. So Gong Dong Tofu House earned a new regular customer, in me, tonight! Excited to take another friend there in the very near future!
"Tofu????" The meat eater in me panicked at the thought of entering an establishment centered on that slimy, mushy edible I had never grown fond of. But who knew tofu could be delicious, and in a soup no less? Me, I am a harsh critic of soups. The soups found here are amazing and almost as deliciously comforting as Pho (in a different, heartier sort of way). Many ingredients (dumplings, tofu, meat, veggies) and spiciness as desired. And it's cute and amusing for me to be able to crack an egg into my boiling soup and see it cook. The the part of this place that really had me sold is that while you are waiting for your meal to come out, they bring you a slew (like six?) of appetizers for free - the glass noodles and sweetened potato are my favorites. They also bring kimchee, lightly vinegared cucumbers, spicy greens. Perfect - I hate waiting around hungry for food, and this beats a bread basket any day. And all soups come with rice with red bean. I always leave here stuffed and taking home half of my entree (aye, the appetizers alone are filling enough sometimes!). Also very affordable.
It took nearly a year of driving past and wondering about Tofu House before I actually entered in and tried it. Thanks to Cbel for bringing me here! The two of us split a bibimbap (very good) and a soft tofu soup bowl (even better). I liked it so much that I returned to Tofu House a few weeks later with a larger group of folks (most ordered one of the bibimbaps and this time I tried the soft tofu bowl with dumplings). Our sizzling bowls were full of hot/spicy deliciousness! (you know we must have enjoyed it, 'cause there were definitely periods of silence when our focus was on EATING). NOTE: I suggest using both your chopsticks and spoon and get in on that shovel-action. This way you can strategically pile on the tastiness in each spoonful!
Wow! Who would have thought that a restaurant with the word "Tofu" in its name could be so popular? We entered as uninitiated amateurs into a dining room packed with Asians. If you want to experience authentic Korean food you could make a good argument that this is the place to be. Word to the wise: don't do what I did with the bibimbap. When it was placed in front of me I immediately started to taste the individual components and commented that the chicken was cold. A look around the room revealed that other, more experienced, guests were stirring everything together to allow for the heated cauldron to warm up the food. And that it did, it never stopped cooking! What an ingenious method of dining. Overall the food is YUMMY! Seafood pancake wasn't all that. But if the weather outside if frightful and you'd like some warming nourishment then make a stop here and you'll leave full and your wallet won't be much lighter.
Loved the side dishes and the miso soup that came with the meal. The food came out sizzling hot on their stone dishes and our food came quickly.  The BBQ Pork BiBimba was a mixture of heaven!....rice, veggies, pork, topped with an egg yolk.  I was surprised the waitress even asked if we wanted seconds on the side dishes. Including tip, the bill for two people was ~$30. Not bad at all for a satisfying meal.
Don't order anything not tofu soup here.  I went again tonight and after several visits now, I've decided I won't eat PA Korean food anymore.   I had bibimbap, it was ok.  My friends had bulgogi, it was too sweet; and spicy pork bulgogi, it was weird; and the seafood pancake, it was tasty but had VERY little seafood in it... I honestly thought it was a chive pancake until I came across a small piece of seafood. I won't be back because, even when I get tofu soup, I like bulgogi with it! Won't see ya there.
3.5 stars to one of the only Korean places in the Palo Alto area! I've always eaten a lot of and been... Read more 
My husband and I have made a point to not leave the vicinity of Mountain View because there really is no purpose to leave it. Before, we had to travel to Santa Clara to get SGD tofu. Yet soon afterward, we (actually, he) discovered that there's one in Palo Alto (which really is the border of Mountain View/Palo Alto). This gives us another reason to not leave Mountain View. Everything tastes good - if you have an above Chinese spicy tolerance palette, a medium spicy for your tofu soup would be perfect for you. We love the abundance of ban chan, and the typical kalbi we order. The seafood pancake can be better, but oh well. It definitely hits the spot on a cold rainy day.
12/14/07 UPDATE Service is mixed - they're usually so busy that you can feel the constant breeze from the waitstaff whizzing by.  Good luck getting water or refills on the free little plates - but it's still well worth it.  I come here probably every month or so (okay, maybe more often than that).  It's a good deal and you're sure to walk out with a super-full belly! -- Man...  I am stuffed!  Before my tofu soup arrived, I filled up on the pan chan.  The helpful waiters asked if I wanted a second round... how could I say no?? A well spent $10.  Leftovers for dinner...
I was thrilled when my colleague suggested a get-together team lunch at Tofu House since I was looking forward to some hot soup and abundance of sides (which is typical for most Korean restaurants). However, to my dismay, they just brought 5 kinds of sides; Jap chae, kimchee, cucumber, bean sprouts and potato although the potato was pretty tasty and slightly sweet. I was debating between the seafood bibimbop or the soup. I settled for the seafood soup. Most colleagues had the soups while 2 had bibimbop. One of the seafood bibimbop definitely looked more delicious. As for my mild spicy seafood soup, it was rather blend, had 2 measly tiny shrimps with lots of miniature clams and abundance of tofu. Definitely had better soups at the other Tofu House in SF. Maybe I should try out the bibimbop but I'm scared to return since my other Korean colleague warned me against going there. He was furious when I told him that I went to Tofu House and that the soup was not that great. He said, "I thought I told you not to go?!" DUH! uh huh.....lesson well-learned.
Ok. Generally, in the past, I'll be honest... that tofu soup shit sounded freakin nasty!!! LOL. I'd see it in pictures, and just look right past it because the idea of cubes of mushy ass soybean in soup sounded wrong.. just plain wrong! For the first time ever in my life, I had no choice but to eat it considering I hadn't eaten in almost 24 hours, had no money, and my friend was buying us lunch.. So, I said, fuck it! Oh my goodnesssss, I have never been blown away by a completely new taste before. You know that feeling you get sometimes.. when you eat food, you feel like you've had it before? The tastes are always the same? Yeah.. for once, I didn't feel that way. I got the combination tofu soup. YUMMMYYY! It came piping hot, and they give you a whole shitload of food to eat before you eat the soup just like every other Korean joint in the world. They have the bombest kimchi I've had in a long, long time. I can definitely say I'll be back.... tomorrow... hahahah. P.S. Thank you to their awesome lunch staff.. They knew we were on our lunch, and helped rush our order, and were on top of everything. Awesome!
Guys, guys. This is a good place. GOOD. Not the holy grail of all Korean food. Just wanted to clarify because this place seemed SO AWESOME based on Yelp reviews. I came here for lunch with a bunch of colleagues, eager to try out some flavorful in the midst of sometimes blandy-land Palo Alto (another sandwich, anyone?). The food was definitely flavorful. I had a tofu bowl, simmering and medium hot, which was perfect, because the spiciness has a tendency to concentrate the more you eat. The appetizers/kimchi are great and re-fillable. Minus 1 star for having NO vegetarian option (the salad had fish in it) and for having wimpy water cups.
This is a regular place for me. The food is great and it's cheap. I usually get the mushroom tofu soup extra spicy and I love the variety of mushrooms that it comes with. I also love their kimchi. Service is fast and reliable. This is a great place to come on cold winter days to get a big bowl of tofu soup.
Love this place! Newly painted inside too. Coworkers and I come here all the time, delicious tofu and great service, very fast!
I was pleasantly surprised by the lunch I took out from this restaurant. I'm not an expert in Korean cooking but the spicy tofu-y soup was delicious, and it came with vinegar cucumbers, sesame noodles, potatoes in a sweet sauce, and a healthy serving of kimchi. Together, all of this comprised a huge lunch for me so I saved some for the next day. I wish that they had some more variety on their menu so I could get something smaller for a lighter lunch. One major criticism I have is that I'm afraid that there was meat in their stock, though I asked for vegetarian. Next time I'll verify that they have meatless soups. It would be helpful for them to have a website and an online menu for quicker take-out service. Their serving staff was extremely nice while I waited for my food, though, and offered me some hot tea.
I generally like Korean food.  This place is pretty consistent and relatively inexpensive. Plus, it's the only place around.  I guess that would also make it the best Korean restaurant around. Plus the aggressive Korean guy at work pretty much forces everyone to say they like it.
My (Korean) friend says this is one of the most authentic Korean restaurants around. I just say the tofu is good! This is the best fill-me-upper for the cold wintery days. The appetizers were awesome (free!) and the staff did not bother me (take that as you will) until the end, where I received the check and was basically rushed out. Nonetheless, I don't care. I heard someone say that it tastes like there's MSG in it... Does anyone know the truth? (Also, what sort of broth is it made out of anyway?)
Generous portions, vast array of side dishes.  I appreciated the server's attention to detail and friendly, home-style demeanor. Also, I like that spicy means SPICY.  No messing around here.  I came in feeling a bit under the weather, and afterward my sinuses had been thoroughly cleared.
It's a relief to find Korean food in shallow alto. I was dreading having to commute out to the southern 'burbs for my fix. It was good and the service was great. You order your food and *poof* it appears on your table. Yah! So, if you are in a hurry or you have a short lunch you can stop by here and get in and get out. The Tofu Soup is yummy and bubbly ....mmmmmmmmm.....and kimchi...mmmm...kimchi...
This is our favorite place to have tofu stew.  Best dish to have when the weather is cold.  Watch out for the pot holes in the parking lot.  A large variety of pan-chan (kim chee and other appetizer dishes) comes with your meal.  The stew comes to the table bubbling hot with an egg that you crack into the pot yourself.  Mushroom tofu is my favorite, but the beef is also very yummy.  I've been to about a dozen tofu houses in the South Bay and So Gong Dong has the most flavor. The Bibimbop is also also really delicious.  You can get it in a regular bowl or in a heated stone pot.  Let the rice sit in the stone bowl and you'll get a nice crunchy rice.  For extra flavor, add extra red chili paste.
Great tofu and sides!  This is probably one of the better soondubu I've had in Norcal.  There's plenty of 5 star reviews already, so let me just add on and say this: +1 there's no uppity attitude about not being Korean (it's a sad truth at other places, and there's no beating around it.).  You get great service here regardless. +1 their side dish of potatoes, kimchi, and mystery tofu thing are delicious. +1 for spicy being actually spicy.  Too many places probably had people come in ask for spicy, not be able to hang, and then toned down their spicy levels.  This place, when you ask for hot, gives you hot.  Thanks for giving it to me straight. Came with a friend, each got a soondubu and we split an appetizer Pajun (that's fried pancake).  Bill came out to be $34, and at $17 a head, we were stuffed (3 rounds of sides too!).
I wanted sandwiches but my dad wanted something warm so we went for Korean food! Third time here and I still love it. It was my dads first time and he was impressed how busy it was for a Saturday afternoon (1PM) since nowhere in Palo Alto is ever really busy for  lunch.. Asian cuisine at least. This place is probably the best place in Palo Alto for Korean food. To me it's the only place to go but I've also never been to any other Korean restaurants in Palo Alto.. have you? Definitely one of my favorites for Korean food even compared to Santa Clara! woo hoo! Ordered a seafood pancake ($12), galbi ($16), pork soondaeboo ($9) and a spicy Korean noodle. First came our little cups of water. It's adorable how the cups are half the size of "normal" cups but I mean, when I'm eating I don't want to try to get the attention of the waiter/waitress for refills. Luckily the servers at So Gong Dong Tofu House are very attentive and for the most part, you don't have to flag them down! They'll often refill it for you before you even notice you're thirsty again. Our banchan came out and my favorites were the sweetened potato, bean sprouts and the cucumbers. Oh! And of course kimchee! They were a little slow bringing our banchan. Usually they are packed with a line out the door on weekdays and the banchan is served almost immediately after you order but  I think they usually have more help on weekdays than Saturday (closed on Sunday) so it was understandable. All very delicious and our waitress refilled the ones we wanted refilled. I love Jang Su Jang's seafood pancake and nowhere else has compared since I tried it but So Gong Dong Tofu House is just as delicious. A little saltier than I usually like but with the dipping sauce (which I usually do not use but decided to give it a try just in case) it was just right. The sauce balanced out the salty and was very enjoyable. Our soondaeboo was delicious and I think  it helped make my dads cold a little better. The spicy Korean noodles were okay to me. Nothing special.. The galbi came out last and was delicious. Juicy and flavorful. The sliced onions on the bottom were still kind of raw. Usually they are a little more cooked/translucent but too raw for us to eat with the meat. Luckily we still had kimchee and paired them together. Another happy meal at So Gong Dong Tofu House in my book!
Found this place through YELP! and LOVED it! We got there around 1 pm and there was still a line.... Read more 
Pretty standard Korean tofu house food.  Cheap and quick.  The food is generally good quality.  I've never been disappointed with anything I've ordered.  Then again, nothing blows me away. Portions are a good size, and with the side dishes, it tends to be too much food for me.  I usually go here with a friend or two so that we can order  different things and share. There's not much of an ambience.  More of a place to get in, get a quick bite, and leave.
Warning: Bring a stretcher because you may need to be rolled out of here from fullness. This place is awesome, especially if you want a satisfying HOT meal. I've never tried the cold noodles, but the bimbimbob and the soft tofu won't disappoint.  If you like the crunchy rice at the bottom, the bimbimbob is a must try, and with the beef, it's deeeeeelicious.  When I'm not feeling so carnivorous (I know, I'm scared, too...), I usually opt for the soft tofu with the veggies.  Even when I order the tofu with veggies or mushrooms, I never come out feeling hungry still or unsatisfied, which is saying a lot for a bacon/meat enthusiast like myself. What I love most though is that you get all these little side dishes (unlimited refills!) with your meal--rice noodles, seaweed, kim chi, potatoes, cucumber, sprouts, and more.  NOM NOM NOM. I understand people need a day off, but selfishly speaking, it'd make me so much happier if they were open on Sunday...
This place is our "go-to" korean tofu spot for lunch - not because it's good, but because it's the only option in Palo Alto. The DoSot BiBimBop is always solid, arriving at your table pipping hot (hence giving you lots of yummy burnt rice on the side).  It could use more meat though. The tofu-soup, on the other hand, lacks flavor.  It's OK if you are in the mood for some korean tofu soup and can't get down to Santa Clara.  Otherwise, I'd suggest driving further down the penninsula, even just to Mountain View. The service is fast and they are super nice.  They give you a decent amount of of Ban Chan too - kimchi, cucumbers, bean sprouts, cold noodles, potatos.  I'll come back here again on another cold day with a craving, but until then, I'm fine without paying $15 for a mediocore lunch.
Their soft tofu dishes are consistently good. I love cracking the raw egg into my soup - by the time I reach the bottom of the pot, it's perfectly cooked on the outside with a slightly runny yolk. Tastes great with the spicy seasoned broth! It's also nice that they can make the broth as mild or as spicy as you'd like. Sadly, in their other dishes, they've tried too hard to accommodate Western palates. Their cold noodles (both bibimnaengmyun and japchae) are too sweet and salty for my taste, and their meat dishes have too much tendon and again, too much salt. For the prices you pay ($10 and up), these other dishes are not worth it. Stick with the soft tofu - it's tasty.
This is my favorite lunch place during the winter - nothing like smoking hot stoneware on your table to chase away the chills! The other Yelpers did a good job describing the food so let me just say be careful: 1) Yes - the bowls are VERY hot!  If you don't believe me, just look in the kitchen and watch them heat the bowls up directly over the flame before they bring it to your table 2) The spicy scale is based on Korean tastes so "hot" should be taken much more seriously than the "hot" sauce at Taco Bell. 3) Don't fill up on the banchan (appetizers)!  They'll refill them as much as you like (More kim chee?  Really?) but it's easy to go overboard and not have room for lunch or dinner. 4) The place fills up at lunch so go between 11:30 and 12 if you don't want to wait. And above all else, save the wrapper from the gum!  While the gum is by far the tastiest I've ever had, it loses its flavor so fast that you'll need somewhere to dispose of it almost immediately!
This place hit the spot for a quick Korean craving.  I stumbled upon it randomly and dropped in for a quick bite.  The place is very clean and homely - a cute family run joint. They were VERY efficient in how they seated and served me.  I was given attention by at least 4 or 5 different people from greeter to order taker to side dish deliverer to main dish deliverer to the person who brought the check and took it back.  Everything happened so quickly and efficiently.  Even my water was filled a couple of times without having to ask - that's super! The food was good, not amazing, but it def hit the spot for some spicy tofu soup cravings with just the right amount of food and sides to go along - and for only $11, it's a bargain! Too bad I'm never in Palo Alto, otherwise I'd drop by again...
I checked out Tofu House a couple of weeks ago. It's part of the Tofu House chain. Few menu items but decent Korean food. Tofu Jige soup was tasty and the Hot Stone Pot BiBimBap was decent, but pot much smaller than other Korean places. If you're in Palo Alto and craving decent Korean food but don't want to drive too far, go here. If you want great Korean food, go to Sunnyvale. BTW It's located on this patch of land on El Camino that has had bad luck for the businesses there for so many years. There's a cheesy looking sign out front and a somewhat cold looking building. Once you walk inside, it's much friendlier.
Love this place for the tofu soups, but the rest of the food is not great. I always order the combination tofu soup or the dumpling tofu soup.  I love the dumpling tofu soup!  It comes with three large dumplings, small pieces of beef, tons of rice cakes, and of course tofu.  Top it with an egg and this tofu soup is delicious, especially in the winter. I love all the side dishes this SGD Tofu House provides.  For lunch, they usually give pickled cucumbers, kimchi, noodles, bean sprouts, and the yummy potatoes.  They usually ask you if you would like more side dishes if they see empty plates when they give you your food after you order, and usually they do not come back.  You need to wave your hand around to ask for more. The spicy pork here is not very spicy, but you do get a good amount of meat.  I would say the pork is more sweet than spicy, so if you are expecting some spice, then I would not order this dish. The bibimbap here is also pretty decent.  The stone pots are heated well, so you will achieve that nice crispiness to your rice.  I don't like a lot of the vegetables that go into the bibimbap, so it is only decent tasting to me.  I will order it, though, if I am really craving some bibimbap during lunch. I would only order tofu soups or bibimbaps here.  The BBQ meats here aren't the best, but hey, they are a TOFU HOUSE, and they are not known for their barbequed meats.
Yummy bi bim bap fresh from a scorching hot pot.  The rice burns onto the pan nicely.  Yummy stuff.  Also ate some spicy tofu soup which was good too.  But between the two I favored the beebimbop.  Not the place to go for bbq. A loud and bustling place at lunch time.  Popular for a reason.  A little pricey for this kind of food (not in Palo Alto though), but still, the house was full and I would go back, so they can't be pricing wrong!
First visit review! PROs: - Quick service - Crowded (which indicated great food/service) - Parking was easy/private lot - If you're craving some Korean Tofu Stew, THIS is where you should go! - in walking distance of Honey Berry!! CONs: - side dishes were scarce and unappealing - setting/decor was non-existent, people were in & out quickly - very noisy - cramped for dinner on a Saturday evening I would come back if I were in the area and craving Tofu Stew
My wife and I have been here a few times for the tofu stew (soon dubu) and in the past it was ok.  We kept going because, it is close to our house. But recently, they have changed ownership and we all know . . .  what that means.  :) The food is really good.  Since my wife is Korean, she wanted soon dubu and we went on 17 Nov 2011 to have some. It was really good and we shall see how long it last.  But , for now, get your eat on.  Oops, the price was good/reasonable, specially for Palo Alto, CA. We always get take out, so I am not sure if they have alcohol (Sul).  :(
My GF and I came here for lunch the other day. I had: Tofu combo soup... it was really HOT... temperature, not spice.  So hot that i could barely eat it.  I guess that is how its served but it sort of ruins it for me when I can't even taste it.  Tons of tiny clams in it which was nice. GF had:  Spicy Pork rice pot thing (sorry, im a white boy, don't know the name off hand).  I thought it looked pretty good and it got some nice crusty rice bits.  The spicy pork was 1.) Not spicy, and 2.) freezing cold.  Even after mixing it was not warm. Banchan was standard, liked the kimchi and the noodles, rest was plain-old standard. I'd probably go back to try another dish but on this occassion it was just so-so.
I like this place a lot.  I don't think you can go wrong with anything here.  My favorite dish is the seafood tofu soup.  I think this is the best deal of the lot, though I'm also partial to the bibimpap. When it first opened, the little "pan chan" things weren't so easily refilled but the variety was better.  Now we just get the usual round of seaweed, taters and kimchee.  Probably to blame are the students and hungry husbands (mine) who keep asking for copious refills on those things.  heh. That being said, it is very friendly and welcoming there.  I like the gum you get (very authentic Korea circa 1990 when I lived there) at the end of the meal.  Also, you get purple rice with the tofu soup.  Nice touch.  I visited Korea last summer and the nicer places were all serving purple-ish rice.
This place is awesome. They have just a handful of dishes that they offer, but they do all of them really well. The soon-dooboo chigae comes in the customary clay pot, and it's sizzling and boiling away, but the difference with this pot is that it's ON FIRE. It's soooo ridiculously hot that my boyfriend actually has war wounds (blisters) from accidentally touching the pot. Not recommended for any clay pot, but like I said, this pot was practically molton lava. But I digress. The point is that the soup and dol-sot bimbimbap taste that much better because the food is PIPING HOT and stays that way throughout the whole meal. A++ for being strategic with their business by opening a Korean restaurant so close to a major University, where so many Koreans and Asians and Caucasians with "kim-chee" fever can eat some roots food without having to drive all the way to Santa Clara, or god-forbid, settle for disgusting Hahn's Hibachi.
Ever since my sister took me to Young Dong Tofu in San Gabriel, I have been trying to find a Korean Tofu House near me.  Low and behold, I come across Tofu House in Palo Alto!  I wish it was closer, but it will do. The menu is extremely simple.  I think there were no more than 14 dishes listed, but the dishes that I tried were extremely tasty.  The portions for the meat dishes are extremely generous and the tofu soups are served bubbling hot.  Did I mention that everything was extremely TASTY? Whenever you're in the mood for something light, hot, and tasty, add this restaurant to your list...the tofu soups are fantastic.
I had the spicy glass noodle soup.  It was around $11.  The service was great and the food was really tasty. I will be back.
So good and so cheap. Everything was delicious and the tofu soup will warm you up from the inside out. There was a good selection of the side dishes. The cold noodles were al dente and flavored just right. The short ribs were tender with just the right amount of fattiness to it. The three of us were stuffed full and it was about 17 each.
So, there are very few things that make me miss living in Palo Alto.  The weather, La Bodeguita, Palo Alto Sol, and Tofu House. Tofu House has the best soon dubu I've ever had in my whole entire life.  That includes Korea.  And my mom's.  Well, actually, my mom doesn't really make it, and if she did, I'm sure it'd be better, but I'm just trying to make a point.  And the point is, their soon dubu is really good.  Eat it. The rest of their menu is OK, but I wouldn't go here if you were craving Korean BBQ or whatever else is on their menu (BBQ and soon dubu are all I remember). I like spicy food.  And unless you snack on habaneros, get medium spiciness.  Their hot spicy is really too hot (in my opinion). Their rice is yummy.  They put beans in it (just like my mom does when she's being nice). OK.  I think those are the highlights.  So, go for me.
While Bay Area Korean places are typically bad to mediocre, this place is good enough.  Their soon doobu (soft tofu) is tasty most of the time, and their hottest flavoring is hot enough.  The side dishes can go through an upgrade, but it's the Bay Area. Not a BBQ joint, but their bulgogi and pork bulgogi is decent to fill an empty stomach.  I still miss places in Seoul...
This place is come back 3 times a week for Korean food cravings good. Seafood Tofu Soup. Get it. You'd think they'd be stingy with the seafood given the price, but holy crap. Being the Asians that we were, we counted the number of clams in the soup. It was 22. (Side note: Fffff I love clams, memory might be augmented for that count, but you get the point.) This plus the endless refill sides = one happy stomach. I've also tried their BBQ Ribs and Bibimbap. Both are all right, but are trumped by the tofu soups. Service is decent as well. The ladies are attentive and make quick rounds for sides and water. A+
Most dishes were above average and unreasonably priced. The side-dishes were lacking in the variety I see at most Korean restaurants, but what was there was good. The sister-in-law loves the Cupertino location, so she took us here when we visited.
Yummy Yummy. The unlimited sides are a meal in themselves and they're so good! They get an extra bonus star because they'll bring out the seaweed side for lunch if you ask. I'm veg and always order the mushroom tofu stew or vegetable stew. It's consistently good and served efficiently and quickly. A great place to grab a quick lunch, or to get dinner to go. We live a few blocks away and have watched as they've diligently tried to deal with the chaos of the parking lot. They've recently repaved and tried blocking off most of the entrances in the hope that fewer people will use their lot as a pass through to el camino.
I've been to many Korean Restaurants in the Bay Area and I would highly recommend this one. Been here many times and each time everything is consistently good. The service is quick and friendly. The inside is clean and bright. And the food is fresh, delicious, and they give you healthy portions of everything. With each and every meal you get the standard side dishes (called banchan), warm potatoes in a sweet sauce, cucumbers in a sweet vinaigrette, bean sprouts with scallion and sesame flavor, kimchi that is nice & spicy, and chap che noodles which are cold noodles with carrots, onions and scallion also with sesame flavor. And the best part is that they keep replenishing these as you finish them free of charge! Sweet. I usually order the Bibimbap with beef. It comes in a super hot stone bowl so it keeps on cooking at the table (and the rice gets nice & krispy). Delicious!
We decided to venture out to Palo Alto to try some Korean food, we checked out Yelp, and decided to give Tofu House a try, we are delighted with this "hidden gem" in Palo Alto.  We had seafood tofu dish and the Korean short ribs,  On  this cold and rainy evening, the hot tofu dish is most comforting and the short ribs are delicious. There are six side dishes and when we asked for more, the waiter was more than happy to refill it for us.  My only minor complaints are they handed us the check when we were only half way through with our meals and if you don't ask for the tea, you will  get a glass of tap water .  Overall, it is a 41/2 stars, but let's round it out to a five star experience. It is a great place for a hot meal and we left the restaurant with a satisfied tummies.  We will be back for more.
Great authentic tasting Korean food.  Every time I go here I feel like I just got off the subway station in Seoul and stepped into a soon-dubu house.  Although the flavors are great and the atmosphere is what you would expect from a typical Korean restaurant in Seoul, I have to take away one star for the pricing.  They charge a premium for everything.  The prices are what you'd expect for the area I guess, but it pains me to pay this much for Korean food (especially considering how cheap this food is in Korea or even downtown LA).
My go-to-place for soon du bu. Sometimes I get the dolsot bi bim bop to mix it up. I always get an egg. I like the purple rice. The panchan are good and they're always offering to refill. i feel full at the end but not disgusting. There may be better places in k town but I'm lazy and don't want drive down to Sunnyvale. i always seem to run into someone i know there  - it's a popular place! and yes, you always get a stick of korean gum at the end that seems to last for about 5 seconds.
Soon Doo BOMB! Ok, coming here and not ordering the tofu soup is like going to Disneyland and not wanting to see Mickey Mouse. I've come here several, several times.  And I always say that I'll stay away from the soon tofu and will try something new....but like a hopeless addict one look at the mini-cauldrons served at almost every table there will get me in a tizzy and all thoughts of ordering any different are out the window.  Next thing you know I'm cracking that egg into that hot, bubbly, spicy goodness and digging in!  Good thing that its so hot that it allows me to eat it like a lady and be all cosmopolitan about it, otherwise I'd totally scarf it down like there's no tomorrow! Hands down my favorite tofu soup place.  Its pretty So Gong Dong good! :)
After watching the korean drama - My Girlfriend is a Gumiho (  ), it really made me crave some kogi.  I have been coming here about once a week for the past 2 years since they have the best combination of banchan and soondubu.  Plus the ladies that work here are all so nice! There's usually a wait on the weekends (about 20 mins).  And parking can be a pain.   There's a good mix of both Americans and Koreans at the restaurant, more so than the Korean places in Santa Clara.  Probably cause of Stanford?  That's a good thing cause then the servers don't expect you to speak in Korean.
I come here a lot. It's not the most consistent restaurant, and service isn't that great, but soondooboo on a cold winter night makes up for everything. It's all I ever order here now. And the purple rice that comes with it is sooo good. I once tried the naeng myeon, but I didn't like it very much (maybe it's an acquired taste?). I have also tried the Galbi, but honestly, this is not really the place for Korean bbq. I think there's better in Sunnyvale. I recommend the original. I've tried some variations but find myself returning to good old #1 on the menu. The dumpling soondooboo is also good, though, because it has these chewy rice balls that I looove. Actually, I personally hate the dumplings, so I just get the original and ask for rice cake in it. I also like the ramen soondooboo. It makes me feel like I'm eating a gourmet version of Shin Cup. Ultimate comfort food right there.
I've pulled into the parking lot for the Tofu House a million times, only to bail when I saw the sign for Fuki Sushi.  This time, I stayed strong and walked right into the restaurant -- and, boy, was it a good decision! I was tempted to get a couple of appetizers, but the side dishes that come with the meals were the perfect complement!  The glass noodles (it seems that every Korean restaurant spells out "job chae" differently) were excellent, as were the pickled cucumbers.  The sweetened potatoes were another highlight of the side dishes, and the seaweed was an interesting choice.  Unfortunately, the kim chi was the more "aged" kind with an obviously fermented bitterness (I like my kim chi a bit on the fresher side -- pickled, spiced, and crunchy). Obviously, as the name suggests, tofu (and the tofu soups) are a specialty here.  The vegetable soft tofu soup (which comes with purple rice) was very simple in taste -- which is a good thing if, like me, you happen to love the taste and texture of soft tofu.  Without any meat to get in the way, the single-ness of the tofu (with complementary vegetables such as carrots, mushrooms, and zucchini) was the major flavor. The chicken bibimbob (I really wish they'd settled on one transliterated spelling for these things) was also really good.  Be sure to scoop at the fried layer of rice at the bottom of the hot stoneware every once in a while to keep it from burning.  As a matter of fact, this is one of our "gripes" about the food here -- everything comes out piping hot!  Be sure to give enough time for the food to cool before you start eating, because otherwise you'll burn your tongue with the first couple of bites and have to suffer through the rest of the delicious meal without half your taste buds. Since Tofu House edges out Han Fine Korean Cuisine in the quality and quantity of side dishes, in the price of it's meals, and in the "traditional-ness" of the food, we'll definitely be coming back to Tofu House!
I live in Cupertino but would drive up to Palo Alto for the tofu soup offered here.  I have had tofu soup from several Tofu Houses on El Camino Real in Sunnyvale/Santa Clara but this one appeals to me the most. And thanks to my friend Allyson for reminding of this soup over Christmas/New Year, where yours truly was suffering from cough and colds, I am now addicted to this place.  It's a must-have-once-a-week experience.  It may even beats out pho as my favorite soup.  Gasp!  I  must be starting to forget my Vietnamese roots!
Finally made it to this tofu joint - it really hit the spot on a cold, gloomy afternoon!  Had the Original Tofu and it was yummy.  It came with the requisite side dishes - surprising to me that included the glassy noodles (not as tasty as at other Korean places, but a treat to have anyway).  It was pretty crowded for lunch, service was friendly. A couple of slight negatives - I was seated in the back of the restaurant and it was pretty stuffy (almost uncomfortably so), and it's not super cheap (i.e., no lunch specials) but not bad at $10.  I'd still prolly choose "My Tofu House" in SF over this place, but I'll definitely be back!
So I'm the kind of guy who gets served a pizza fresh out of the oven...cheese bubbling...sauce boiling...and I take a bite.  This inevitably results in my blowing in vain over the burning food in my mouth, trying to cool it. So, what happens when the tofu soup comes out boiling?  and doesn't cool down for the 15 minutes that I'm eating it?  I CAN'T HELP IT!!  It tastes sooo good that I'm willing to brave third degree burns on my tongue to taste the tofu goodness! The appetizers are delicious (especially the clear noodles with sesames), the food is delicious, the service is speedy (though not very focused at times) and the prices are sooooo cheap! I just had the pork classic tofu, and it was excellent, but my favorite is the mushroom tofu soup.  It's got crazy mushroom varieties, and it's delicious!  All the mushrooms have different textures, chewiness, and potency, so it makes for a fun experience!  I like to pour the boiling soup over the purple rice, let it cool for a bit, and enjoy the rice and soup at the same time.
I'm Mexican but it doesn't mean I don't like Asian cuisines :-P. I'm a big BBQ pork fan and this place rocks if that's what you're getting. Rico's rating: Quality of food: **** Quality of service: *** Cool factor: **
I have been here many times because it is one of the better Tofu houses near my office.  The tofu soup is the most consistent items to order here as far as taste goes.  I always love the Dumpling Tofu.  It has tofu, dumplings and some rice cake in it.  The taste is pretty much what you expect from a good tofu house.  What makes it better is that they serve purple looking, multi-grain rice instead of white rice, which is what I usually make at home.  Not only it's better for you it's also tastier! The small dishes they serve with the meal are pretty good.  Most of people's favorite is the potatoes.  They are simmered in some soy based sauce and taste a little sweet.  They will always bring out more if you ask! I've also tried a few other things here.  The Korean style of cold noodle, the chicken and pork BBQ and the bibimbap.  I think they are okay at best; I wouldn't come here for those dishes.
Whats up with all the 4-5 star reviews here? Is it because there isnt any korean restaurant other than this one in palo alto? I dont care for the choices on the menu here. The tofu soup is so so. Just too much tofu and not much meat or seafood. The bulgogi is dry and has no flavor. I dont think they even marinate the meat with anything before cooking it. It taste just like cooked beef with no flavor.  The seafood pancake is ok at best.  And the side dishes are just basic and nothing special. No anchovies. I rather drive all the way to santa clara/sunnyvale where there are a lot better korean restaurants
Woohoo!!!! I ate here last night and LOVED it! I had the ramen tofu soup (Spicy!); however, my gf wasn't too impressed. She had the #2 mild and she thought it was bland. I think she wished she ordered it spicy so keep that in mind! The price was excellent! Our bill was $23.50 for 2 tofu soup bowls and tons of free apps! They were all delish!!! It was a great cheap date with my gf. We spent about 2 hours catching up over our dinner. Also, the staff was amazing! I handed my iPhone to the waitress because I needed it for the evening (I don't have a car charger and I spent a day in Monterey) and the waitress obliged and brought my phone out with the check! Yippeeeeeee!!!!!
More like 4.5. This place isn't the nicest inside and service can be a hit or miss sometimes depending on how busy this place is, but the food is defitely the main show. Drove by this place all the time during college, but I didn't get to try it until junior year. Better late than never. I love the complimentary appetizers they give...I can really get full just eating that. I've tried their chicken tofu, dumpling tofu, ramen tofu, seafood bibimbap and beef and pork bulgolgi. I've loved all the dishes! My mouth is watering as I type this... Sadly, I moved back to SoCal, and I haven't been able to find a place that compares to this Tofu House. Definitely going to pay this place a visit next time I'm up there!
Place gets pretty packed during dinner time so get there early. Bibimbap: They are a little stingy on the meat and pack it with a lot of veggies, but overall it's pretty good. Tofu soup: Loved the little bits of "rice cake" with the dumplings. Only complaint was they brought out one glass of water and gave it to my boyfriend. I was left water-less the entire meal.
Great place for lunch! Just have to be there earlier or later to beat the rush. I love their bbq short rib! Yummy!
Good service - they kept refilling our pan chan dishes and were very nice and attentive. I liked my mushroom soon tofu and the bbq pork my friend ordered was pretty good. I wish they had more bbq options, but it is a tofu house I guess - they do a decent job at it. It's not like OMG-AMAZING but it suffices when you don't want to drive an hour to get some decent korean food. This is the scenario last night: two Indian guys and one Taiwanese girl (-me-) in a Korean Tofu House listening to Mexican music playing in the background and wondering why we were relegated to The Back Room with the Mexican music. o well. They were supernice with refilling the pan chan dishes - which is like more than I can say about most Korean food joints.
This restaurant is the place where I had my first soon dooboo and I've been hooked ever since. They have lots of delicate small dishes for you to eat while you wait for your tofu to finish cooking. The sticky rice here tastes so yummy when it's drenched with the spicy tofu! I also love the wasabi salad! They have different selections of spice that you can choose from. Even the non-spicy tofu is still flavorful! I'm not a big fan of rice but the first time I ate here, it was so yummy! I think I ate 3 bowls!! It might be too hot to eat for a hot summer day though but perfect for winter nights!
Mmmm...I love tofu soup! I usually get the original with beef and medium. One of my friends gets hot and I swear it's soooo red. Do so at your own risk. The small plates for appetizers are all pretty good. Kim chi, noodles, bean sprouts, etc. My favorite is the lightly pickled cucumber! Soooo good. They give you an egg to crack into your soup since it's still boiling when they bring it to your table. I like to add my rice to the soup gradually and eat it together, that way it soaks up the yummy broth. The location in Santa Clara near the DMV is also very good. There's usually a wait, so sign in when you get there and be patient. It's well worth it!
Yum.  Went with a couple friends today and it was a good thing since it was my first time - they put all kinds of stuff down on the table and I had no idea what you were supposed to do with the egg until the sizzling bowls of soup came and my friend cracked his egg into it.  YUMMY.  It was a scorching day outside yet I was eating soup.  The AC was on high which made the soup very appealing.  I ordered the medium spicy and although I wasn't feeling it in my mouth, my nose was sweating.  I'll try the spicy next time. We got there before 12 and it was a good thing because it was packed by the time we left.
This place is great! I came here for lunch with coworkers and all of us left the restaurant satisfied and agreeing that we would definitely be back. When we arrived we were quickly seated as there weren't many patrons there...but after seated for about 15 minutes, there was a wait to get in the door. The wait staff was prompt and friendly and the menu is small, but very simple and straight forward which is great for a person like me who can't make up my mind when it comes picking what to order. I decided to try the Kim chi tofu soup, since I tend to get that at any Korean restaurant I go to and this tasted really good. The rest of my table tried the bibimbop and the bbq meat and all of them were pleased with what they got. The side dishes were great too, of course. If you want simiple, homestyle korean food, this is the place to go.
Good Korean restaurants are rare in the peninsula but this one in the Silicon Valley is very solid. I like the simplicity of the menu with the core dishes so you don't have to spend 30 minutes asking for translations and deciphering. Started with the abundance of side dishes which we got refilled like twice. Then came the seafood pancake, which didn't have that much seafood but the batter was great. Bibimbop was awesome with the stone crisping up the rice. The bulgogi and chicken plates steaming hot off the iron plate. Prices are very reasonable and service is efficient.
I happened to be in the area and ate dinner here with a friend the other day and we didn't even order any tofu dishes. The seafood pancake was awesome and I highly recommend it. The side dishes were only so-so, but they do refill if you ask. I liked the pickled cucumber and the cold noodles.  The seaweed with hot sauce wasn't bad either. I ordered the beef bibimbap and my friend had the spicy beef bibimbap. I liked that the rice had a nice crunchy crust to it at the bottom of the pot. To me, the food looked better than it tasted. It wasn't anything special, but the portions are really big and the staff is friendly even though their English is not so great. It also seemed a little pricey, but maybe that's because it's in Palo Alto. Lunch probably is a better deal.
First tip: wear black or a dark color thats not dryclean only.  The food splatters everywhere regardless if you slurp or not.  It's just boiling hot and it spews mini red lava balls at your white clothing.  It looks for your white clothing. Second, it really depends on when you go.  I work around here so I'm a lunch regular.  From 12 to 1 PM, it's packed with the PA worker crowd.  From 2 PM to 3 PM, no one's there but they are left with one waiter and you're left a little neglected.  From my experience, 1 PM to 2 PM works best, with enough waiters and less people for a good lunch. I have a strict one hour lunch time frame so it's key that it's prompt.  I think it's the heat but it takes a lot longer to eat Korean food than any other food I eat around the office.  I'm always kind of late returning to work when i eat here due to a) crowd and/or b) service. Anyway, I'm a big fan of the kim chee tofu soup on medium.  It's not too spicy but it's not bland either.  My standby is the dolsot bibimbap with spicy pork.  I love the sauce (I call it Korean ketchup, thats probably blasphemous) and the veggies.  Either way, you still get sides which usually consists of potato with sweet sauce, kim chee, bean sprouts, noodles, and pickled cucumbers. Prices range from about 10 to 12 bucks which seems a little high for Korean food.  Still it's good and it leaves you dying of a food coma after and very warm (perfect for winter!).  The 5-second melon gum comes with your check complimentary.
Acceptable, but not spectacular.  Tofu House is a convenient place to enjoy Korean food.  But, it is not anything special.  The place is a little dirty.  The tables are a bit greasy.  The air is heavy with oil vapor.  Surprisingly, the food isn't greasy. The food is flavorful.  But, it tastes a little like they didn't wash the disinfectant off the plates properly.  You can order the Tofu-pots as spicy as you like.  I prefer searing heat.  But, the food isn't cooked particularly well.  The rice is a little over cooked.  It has funky purple beans in it.  The meat is a over-seasoned and not very high quality.  I would recommend the seafood route.  It tastes like it's a little better quality than the meat.  The banchan are pretty average.  The kimchi is a little on the weak side.  For the neophyte, it is ok.  But, for those who have experienced awesome kimchi, it is a bland disappointment.  Not enough salt, not enough heat, not the right texture.  Leave it in the pot for 2 more months! The service is mediocre.  It takes a little while to get the server's attention.  And, it is a little on the pricey side.  If you go to Sunnyvale, you can get better for less.  But, if you live in Palo Alto and don't want to drive, it is an acceptable substitute.
In the heart of Palo Alto sits a Korean restaurant that at first glance seems poorly named, So Gong Dong Tofu House. Maybe it's just me but the word "tofu" is one I do not associate with tasty food. Yes, tofu does appear on a number of really good Asian dishes. And yes, soy is a surprisingly versatile legume used in creating wonderful dishes. However, from a marketing standpoint, calling a restaurant tofu house is similar to calling the iPod a music player. That said, consider the tofu soup combinations you CAN get at So Gong Dong Tofu House...fish egg tofu soup, pork and clam tofu soup, seafood tofu soup or chicken tofu soup. Any of these would be perfect on a cold winter day, especially when you order the soup spicy... And if tofu soup isn't your thing, you can also order chap chae, BBQ chicken, kalbi, bibambap, etc. The dishes are small but you get a lot of panchan - those little appetizer plates of seaweed, kimchi, potato and chapchae, so you aren't likely to leave hungry. The staff here is pretty friendly, yet efficient, and businesslike. While you won't feel like you are eating at your Korean aunt's house, your glass and tea cup will stay full, and your panchan will be refreshed from time to time. That's service!
Really good bibimbap and banchan. I've eaten here once for lunch and once for dinner and neither one disappointed. They have the potatoes with a bit of sweet syrup, japchae, and tons of other banchan. They are not cheap when it comes to this. The dolsot bibimbap is really, really good. It comes steaming hot in the clay pot and if you wait a bit until the rice sticks to the bottom so it gets nice and crunchy...it's amazing. I had the mul nengmyun here as well, and that was very, very good. It beats a lot of little bunshiks in Seoul. Until I find something comparable in Santa Clara (which, thus far, has been a little disappointing, or maybe i'm just not trying the right places), this is my go-to for Korean food in the South Bay. It's close enough to go to for lunch! I can't really ask for more.
One day I will go to Korea for bibimbap, but until then, the bibimbap I had at So Gong Dong Tofu House has been the GREATEST of my life!!! It was a bit difficult finding this place since the signs only say "Tofu House" in English ["So Gong Dong" is written in Korean and back in San Diego we have different "Tofu House" restaurants]. Look for the logo of the funny chef :) Debating between the tofu stew and the dolsot bibimbap, I opted for an order of the BBQ Pork Dolsot Bibimbap :) This dish brought new meaning to the phrase "hot plate" because it was crackling and sizzling for well over 15 minutes. Because the stone bowl was soooo hot, every time I would mix my rice/egg/veggies, it would char [but never completely burn] everything beautifully! Portions are huge [I could only finish half my bibimbap], some of my banchan [sides], and I tried some of the soup that came with my meal. Service was also quick and attentive. I never had to ask them for anything, they just always knew what I needed [water refills or a to go container], when I needed it! AMAZING! Lastly, the stick of Haitai melon gum given with my check was a nice little surprise :) I only wish I lived closer so I could go here to try the other dishes!
Excellent basic Korean BBQ and tofu. The food is not extraordinary but it is delicious and served quickly. They quickly work through the usual line of people efficiently. Side dishes are great.  We had a miscommunication with the waiter that was quickly solved in minutes with no fuss.  The two minor downsides are the noise and they don't allow alcohol to be brought in. I don't go here a lot but I do keep coming back for the good food and service.
We got here around 6:30, and it was already packed!!! Service: was quick. Restaurant: was fairly clean. Portion: Large Price: $24 out the door for two--not bad for korean food. The appetizers definitely made it worth while. If you're more on the frugal side, you can just order the spicy pork, and another bowl of rice. That still should be plenty, esp since appetizers are refillable! We had to take leftovers home for both dishes! Ordered: -Mushroom Tofu (3/5) -Spicy Pork (4/5) -Ban Chan (YUMM!!!)) Refillable FOC IT was pleasantly good. The rice was really interesting! It was purple, but it tasted the same as white rice.
Overall, 2.5 stars.  In brief: good tofu (3 stars), so-so galbi (2.5 stars), poor service (2 stars).  An okay place for Korean if you're in the area, but definitely better options (at least in the south bay).  There's no ambience to speak of, definitely a bare bones place; although it's a decent size and clean. To start, you get a good variety of ban chan.  Their soon dubu is pretty good but definitely have had better.  I like the mild beef version, and it comes with a good portion of meat, mushrooms, and flavor.  Beef galbi is relatively lacking in taste.  Seafood pancake and japchae are pretty standard.  Pretty good bi bim bap, love that crispy rice! Service, what service?  There are only a few waitresses running around and you have to remind them several times of what you've asked for already (like chopsticks, hello!).  We had a table of 8, and they brought us a 1 liter rubbermaid pitcher of water, which they never refilled once.  (Can we say g-to-the-o?!)  Oh, and we didn't see any alcohol on the menu.  Korean food without soju or beer options?  I'm definitely not a regular drinker with dinners, but can't we live a little sometimes?  Maybe they can't afford the liquor license? Definitely wouldn't come back on my own -- but it is a good midway meeting place for friends to converge between the south bay, east bay, and SF.
Wow, two years can really change your opinion of the place. I'm still in love, but I can't imagine not having bibimbap or daeji bulgogi (spicy pork) once in a while. I guess the spicy tofu soup got old because it stays hot for a very long time and it's difficult to eat it quickly. At that time, I didn't even know how to compare the bibimbap to real bibimbap! Now, I've been to Korea and had the real deal and can tell you that this stuff is pretty okay. The only "Americanization" is that the usually-vegetarian bibimbap has meat in it here. But there's no complaints from me about that. Well, I guess you grow up. I come here at least twice a month... 5 star of course.
AMAZING. The place is full of Koreans at weekday lunch, and the menu is dead simple. The tofu soup... Read more 
Really good side dishes. Seafood soondubu was pretty delicious and filling. Nice to find a good Korean restaurant that doesn't require you to drive all the way down to Santa Clara.
I like it.  Great place for lunch or dinner.  The bibimbop is excellent, as are all of the side dishes.  It's a lunch staple in Palo Alto.
This is our regular hangout if both my wife and I are craving for Korean food. Not just it is close to our house but they serve excellent foods along with good services. Their appetizers like Kimchi, pickled cucumber, warmed potatoes, etc... are delicious. We always have Tofu soup (seafood), spicy pork, and short ribs without fail. My kids loved their brown rice. The only "no no" for this place is their parking as it can be packed especially during lunch time on weekdays.
Yay now open on Sundays! Tried their house special noodle soup, not bad, kind of sour. Interesting and spicy. But I still prefer their tofu soup! Love purple rice and the side dishes. Esp the potatoes/cucumbers/seaweed! Kimchi is also pretty gd :) Seafood pancake is not bad, but still prefer that at Korea House!
Service was very efficient at this Tofu House. While my friend and I were waiting for the table on a busy Saturday evening, the lady at the front desk handed us the menu and took our orders. The menu is pretty simple and does not offer much selection for appetizers. I wanted to test out my spicy tolerance and ordered my favorite Korean dishes - spicy pork. The pork was very tasty and moist but a bit on the spicy side. The original soft tofu was very good with plenty of shrimp, chicken and tofu in it. Thumbs up for the food. Setting is casual but nice and bright. Staff is friendly and attentive. I will come back again if I'm in the neighborhood.
It's a little pricier than what I was used to paying in San Diego at about $10 for dinner, but oh well this is Palo Alto.  I have been here about 3 times, but this last time when it was literally freezing outside the line was pretty long.  They had a really unorganized way of seating people, but whatever, we got in. Got the kimchee with beef.  mmm! perfect for a cold day, spicy, and very HOT (temperature wise).  Break an egg, stir it around and you've got lots of protein in there.  The pot is REALLY bubbling when they bring it out so be careful not to lean in too close! And warning, dont' wear nice clothes there or you'll smell like the food.The service can be spotty, but the dishes are always good.  Great place to go on a cold day.
YUMO IN THE TUMMO..... When I think of getting Korean food and don't feel like a shelling out $25+ for dinner or don't want to eat too much at my favorite Korean Place 'Palace BBQ', I'm coming here (thanks sis for finding this location on yelp). -The Korean Short ribs here are so flavorable. You get alot of meat, your devour it, and wish you had more. -The bim bim bobs are humugous and tasty. It's fun cracking that egg. Even like it when the rice gets a little crispy. Like all the stuff they put in it.....It's like Korean style fried rice. -Tofu soup here is yummy too. I lied the tofu sausage soup. - No special atmosphere. Just plan to come eat and leave. -It does get busy here but if you have to wait in line. -Other than the purple rice (which I don't like and need to request for regular white rice since purple rice is the default), it is a bit pricey here, but I'm still willing to drive out here for some good Korean food. They even have a few other locations, which I need to try, but this one set high standards as far as taste.
The seaweed salad side dish was great! Take stock of the unlimited, free refills for the side dishes. The bean sprouts were well seasoned and also delicious. I had the vegetarian dumpling tofu soup. SGD has a gradation of spiciness levels to suit everyone's taste. They serve the soup with this purple (I'm guessing wild) rice. Would definitely go back to try some of their non-soup Korean dishes. Decor in the restaurant was a little lacking, but the food made up for the oversights in aesthetics.
Tofu soup rocks! Those appetizers they give you are awesome.... Kimchi, pickled pickling cucumbers in rice wine vinegar and sugar, sweet curry potato's, Mung bean sprouts,, and those rice noodle salad thing-a-ma-jiggi jeely things, It looks cool and its tasty. And the purple rice, I think it was emperors rice mixed with sticky rice, and peas. I love spicy food, especially Korean spicy food, But I wasn't prepared for what I got.... I can handle some serious heat in my food, and when I asked for them to get it as hot as they could, I was kicking myself near the end. I have to say the the value versus what you get is enough reason for me to go back, careful on the spicy-ness though, I needed Ice-scream in the morning. My parents are masters of finding little tucked away treasures close to home, and this place has got my vote.
Second time I came here.  Usually not a big fan of Korean food, especially for lunch.  You'll smell all day!  But I only have 2 more weeks to eat in PA and I'm gonna miss my lunch buddies, so...I'm all in! Chicken Tofu Stew:  Delicious.  I'd prefer the seafood...but my allergies are another story. Beef Bulgogi:  This comes out on a sizzling plate and is what usually makes you smell all day....but luckily it wasn't that "sizzling" today... hmm... but then again maybe if it was more "sizzling" it woulda tasted better. Beef Bimbimbob:  This is what I'd order if I came alone.  Rice, meat, veggies, in an iron pot, creating Korean "rice crispies" on the side of the pot....ooohhh.. Cold Noodles:  Table of 4 and none of us liked this.  We ate all the sidedishes two times over, but left this half full. Brown Rice:  Kudos to them.  Instead of serving the typical white rice, they serve brown rice.  Ehh, it doesn't taste as good but its great that the Tofu House is health conscious for its customers.  I'm bumping them to four stars.
I am ashamed to say that I haven't had Korean food for at least a year!!! But that said, I am still a critic. I had been craving Korean food for quite some time, as you can only imagine. Anyway, my daughter and I take this music class on Thursday nights with some friends, and we thought we would go have Korean food after class. We weren't sure to go here or try Hahn's Hibachi in downtown Palo Alto. We chose what was closest to the class. Being that we each have a toddler, we were worried how kid-friendly this place would be and if there'd be anything they would like, since it would be my daughter's first time with Korean food. When we got there, the parking lot looked full, so we were worried we would have to wait for a table. Then I walked in first to check to see what the wait would be. As soon as I opened the door, it was like a steam bath in there!!! YIKES! Obviously there was NO air-conditioning in there. But, they could seat all 6 of us right away (w/two high chairs). So, we thought... what the heck, let's just stay and see if we can adapt to the steamy sticky atmosphere... Service was prompt, friendly, and extremely kid-friendly. Being that the menu wasn't the most diverse, there was a wide variety of kimchis they brought to the table, and the portions of the entres were quite sizable. But, the food tasted so YUM! And the girls actually ate the food. I think they loved the little kimchi dishes. Something that I am also not accustomed to, when going to eat Korean food, is that I always have to ask for my water to be refilled... but this place was always on the ball with the water. They even brought the girls complimentary tofu soup and brought us some cold sodas on the house. I know that we will definitely go back again!!! I would have given the place 5 stars, if there was a fan or some AC.
Came here at lunch time and beat the crowd! It gets 5 stars for the yummy soondubu and free sides. +1 more star for extra refills!
This is my most favorite Koren restaurant, great food at affordable price, with good service as well. My coworker and I love this place, especially on a cold or rainy day! Every now and then we got the craving for some warm soothing food, we would come here. Lines can get really long if you don't come here early enough to beat the crowd. Their seafood pancake is really great and we have that everytime as a starter. But everything you order usually come together so you will be eating the pancake along with rice and your tofu dish. They give you a lot of small plates of food such as kimchi, marinated cucumber, cold noodles, marinated potatos etc etc. And don't be shy to ask for more if you finish, please they are happy to refill.  In addition to different types of hot tofu soup, they also have spicy pork and short ribs on sizzling plate. Can't say enough about this place, just love coming here and thankgodness it is so close to work!
So yummy!  My favorite things about when it gets coldest in the Bay Area are my down coat and eating at Tofu House!!  Bring on the endless pickled cucumbers!!!
EXCELLENT tofu house!!!  I like this place almost as much as My Tofu House in the city, maybe more because you never have to wait for a table!  They have all kinds of soondubu... mandoo soondubu, ramen soondubu, mixed soondubu, seafood soondubu, kimchee soondubu.. makes me sound like Bubba from Forest Gump but seriously, they're variety is like that of BCD tofu house but with much better quality broth and spiciness.  I got extra spicy and it was just right for a spice lover, and it came with mandu and tiny little rice cakes the shape of oyster crackers, which I adored.  Also, I must mention that I was so die hard yelping that when I realized they have zero service/reception for my phone inside the restaurant, i went right outside around the borders of the restaurant and checked in that way.  YELP FOREVER, SOON DUBU FOREVER!
Very good food.  I must say though, if you're looking for variety, this is not the place.  I think there are about 3 dishes total. If you count minor variations in ingredients, about 15. Otherwise, it is very yummy and a great value, even if the service is a bit weird (I think industrial and minimalist captures it, Julia :) )
I have never had Korean food before until today... A friend took me there to lunch and I was very impressed. She assured me that Korean food is much more than just eating dog meat. There was a diverse selection of side dishes. I really loved the tofu. Service was quick and lot of food for $10 a person. Good size parking lot and a big street sign. I was a wimp and only ordered the mild heat; next time I will spice it up to the next level.
Nothing like hot, boiling Soon tofu soup on a cold winter day.  Having read an article on how this korean lady in LA hit it big w/ her soon tofu store in LA and now exports her dish back to Korea, I really craved for some of that myself.  So, next thing you know, we're driving 35min to Palo Alto to SGD Tofu House. The meal was so satisfying.  The side dishes were pretty good, esp the kimchi.  My tofu soup which was mixed w/ kimchi and mushroom without meat was delish (Note, you can mix up the ingredients from the different orders)!  The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was the purple multi grain rice. hmmmm.....can I just have white rice next time? One thing to note is that you should avoid the crater size potholes in their parking lot. I think it's time for a repavement, SGD Tofu owners!
Still delish.  Can't find anything wrong with this place so five stars.  I've now moved to San Francisco and we have lots of Korean tofu houses around.  This place has red bean rice which is fantastic. We brought the in-laws and they even like it.  My FIL- who usually prefers steak and potatoes - even liked his seafood pancake dish.
I just want to chime in that I too think this place is delicious.  I'm living in Sacramento right... Read more 
Clean, great service. good value for your $$$. great for groups. Wonderful tofu and pan chan. special "reverse osmosis water" super clean..
Yum!  What a deal!  The menu is small yet I somehow still found it difficult to make a decision.  I decided on the combination tofu soup pot with a request to add mushrooms - spicyness level medium. The service is good.  They roll out a whole bunch of different kinds of side dishes before your main entree arrives.  When my soup arrived, it looked like a spicy erupting pot that I couldn't wait to dig into.  I cracked an egg - stirred it in and dove in.  It was good!  The soup was just spicy enough.  It came with this questionable looking purple rice but I'm not one to judge before I eat.  I tried it and liked it.  They have the Korean hot sauce in a bottle that you use in your rice.  I was tempted to pocket that bottle (just kidding!).  You can never go wrong with the hot sauce.  It adds sweet and spicy flavor to your meal. I thought I'd still be hungry because quite honestly this is tofu we're talking about.  But I was surprisingly VERY full.  Maybe it's something in that rice...? hehe.   I drove quite the ways to this tofu house but I'd do it again.  Next time I'm in the area shopping -  I'll make my way over.
Came here due to a recommendation of a friend. I was really surprised how this Korean restaurant turned out so good and it's NOT in Santa Clara. I didn't try their soon doobu but I had the beef dolsot bibimbap. It tasted really good but wished the sauce to be a bit spicier. The side dishes were good too...lots of kimchi and refills. We didn't have to ask for refills. The waiter saw it was empty and brought out some more. Nice service!!! I tried a piece or two of the seafood pancake a friend ordered. It was decent but I didn't prefer the egg as the pancake. It felt like I was eating omelet. I like the flour version much better. I think I found my favorite Korean dining place in the peninsula where I can meet up with my boyfriend during a weekday for lunch occasionally which is halfway for both of us.
Yes, the service is minimum. They take your order, bring the food and then come back and drop off the bill. That being said, the food is very good. My favorites are the Kaibi, BBQ chicken hot plates and the bibimbap. Would go back again. Tip: Wear something you plan to wash the next day as I loaded up the washing machine this morning with clothes smelling of last night's dinner.
Awesome food! I had a medium spice Tofu Soup w/chicken and it was perfect medium spicy to my taste. I love the red bean style rice and of course the little side dishes: potatoes in sweet sauce, cucumber, chop che noodle, kim chi and service was pretty good about refilling our waters and the side dishes. I am happy my friend introduced me to this place and a good meal for $26 was very reasonably priced.
I had the spicy noodles (bibim Nengmyun)- It was pritty good. It was spicy and the noodles are done perfectly. My mom and dad both had the spicy vegetable soonduboo- surprisingly they were just average. For a place that specialized in soonduboo, we expected more. They were average nothing special. However their side dishes were generous and delish! Their potatoes were warm and sweet. They were just perfect. But one thing that bothered us were the constant noise and banging from the kitchen. It wasn't unbearable but it was a bit disruptive. Overall a average korean restaurant.
Pretty good.. but I like the one in Sunnyvale better... This place is also pretty small, but prolly bigger than the other location.  Same menu, but the rice is served differently.  Busy during lunch.
My husband's cousin came down from Davis to play mah jong, and she was kicking our collective butts. We broke from the game to disrupt her mah jong mojo, and opted to come here for dinner. The tofu soup was pretty good, as was the dol sat bi bim bap. New on the menu was a tofu pancake: a frittata-like concoction that had good flavor, enhanced by its accompanying dipping sauce. The cousin still beat us after we resumed the game after dinner.
I was very surprised to find how popular soft tofu soup among non-Koreans. I love thier side dishes, and tofu soup too. May favorite is mushroom tofu soup, medium spicy.
yup another good place for your craving for tofu soup. I like the noodle side dish the best.
This place has pretty good tofu soup.  I always like to go here on a cold day for Beef Mushroom Soup.  I would say this place is just above average but nothing to die for. The service is decent, they are a bit under staffed so it might take a while for a tea refill.  I can't stand the seating sometimes.  The waiter has sat me next to a large party even though there were other empty tables.  I can't stand sitting next to large parties but it happens. =\
Nice Korean food. My boss and I came here and the food was pretty good. Of course I've had better around san jose and Sunnyvale but its hard to find a korean tofu house around palo alto. I love the little dishes of course and this place had a pretty nice selection of them. I actually enjoyed the small dishes allot more than the tofu soup. We had the combination tofu soup and the beef tofu soup,The seafood cake,and kalbi. It was all ok. the kalbi tasted very bland,although piping hot and fresh,it lacked salt. The seafood pancake was pretty nice. Crispy and chewy at the same time with crab and green onions. The tofu soup just tasted watered down. It was still pretty good though even though it was again a little bland. All in all this place is OK! If your craving some pretty good korean food this is the place to go in palo alto. ooo. And please can someone tell them to get bigger water glasses?  =)
Most likely the best korean tofu place in the bay area.  I love their dumpling soup, kimchi, and bbq pork.  The best thing about this place are their appetizers, which are plentiful.  Don't leave without trying their rice cakes! As for the service, it's average.  Come here for a light lunch or dinner and get dessert afterwards.
Reminds me of any small restaurant in Korea.  I adore the friendly staff who refilled our panchan (little dishes) 5-6 times... or was it 7-8...  It's not a fancy or upscale eatery, but you'll get a hearty serving of good food. ++ | Panchan (Complimentary appetizers) | Alright, it's not a real dish but this is the best thing here!!!!  Everything is homemade and so amazingly fresh that EVERY plate is yummy.  Think about how in other restaurants, there's always that one dish of funky something that you don't particularly feel like eating. ++ | Purple Rice | Again, one of those complementary sides... but this is awesome!  Usually people have to order brown/purple/healthy rice separately. ++ | Soon Du Bu (Soft Tofu Soup) | Great gradation system of how spicy you want it.  We ordered the mildest & the spiciest and it's like night/day.  It's pretty good, but be prepared that the chicken/beef/seafood is mediocre and usually overcooked. -- BBQ Chicken Hot Plate Looks a bit mass-produced & heated to order.  I'd label it college food. Best Korean in Palo Alto: Dinner for 3 = $14/person
Came here for my second time today and it was as good as the first! I got the Combination Tofu bowl which had tofu, beef, and shrimp. The beef and shrimp were pretty minimal (only 2 shrimp, sad) but that's ok. There are all the standard sides which the waitresses kept refilling (kimchi, sweet potatoes, noodle salad, etc.) A bit pricey for lunch (~$10 I believe?) but I think it's the same menu that they have for dinner, and you do get a TON of food. The ambiance was fine for a casual lunch jaunt. Service was quite fast. Overall, a nice change from boring cafeteria lunches :)
Good tofu soup, always comes out piping hot. The dumplings are great, lightly pan fried and delicious. Service can be sketchy, esp during peak hours, I find myself always flagging the waiters for service. Price is decent, slightly overpriced but the side dishes make up for it. I like how they offer brown rice substitute. Good parking and the place is clean. Accepts credit cards which is also an added bonus. Go early if you want better service.
I LOVE Tofu House! My friends and I came here all the time while we were at Stanford, and it's always really crowded. My favorite part is the side dishes: unlimited kimchi, potatoes in some sweet sauce, cucumbers, etc. The tofu is my favorite, but my friends often get the bibimbap also. Service however is pretty bad -- they usually ignore you after they bring you your main order until you leave. It can be really hard to get refills of water and side dishes. The line is also usually really long around peak dinner times.
I'm Korean, a foodie, and have been searching for the best Soon Dubu Chigae (Soft Tofu Stew) in the world.  This quest is my personal Tampopo; I make a mean tofu stew myself.  For the uninitiated, it is a rich spicy broth with soft tofu and vegetables, and sometimes meats, served bubbling hot in a stone bowl.  The broth is meat and shellfish based usually.  Apparently the famous tofu houses in Korea brag that their broth is X years old, where X is like 40 or something; you keep a bit of the old stock and refresh it with new every day.  It's like sourdough starter: the old and the new make for complex flavors. This place isn't the best in the world, but it's pretty damn good.  I also live upstairs so I can't complain!  Good selection of banchan too.  They have the usual selection of other dishes if you don't want tofu stew, but my experience with speciality Korean places is one should get the special.  Don't eat here if you think ketchup is hot, or don't like garlic garlic: Koreans eat the most garlic per capita.
What can I say about my favorite Tofu House? The service is quick, friendly and attentive. The original tofu comes out bubbling over and piping hot and it hits the spot every time. The sides are a favorite. The kim chee is consistently good, tart but not too mushy, and the glass noodles are YUM-MEE! I also love the melon gum they give you with your check.
I come here often with my coworkers as it's close by. Love the dol sot bee bim bap.   Didn't think a tofu house would make this well, but was pleasantly surprised.  Decent quantity of meat, and good quality vegetables: spinach + the normal stuff + this thin mushroom-like thing that i can't figure out, but it's good =). Sides are awesome and plentiful: sweet glazed potatoes, crisp bean sprouts, not-too-sour nor not-too-bitter kimchi, excellent glass noodles.  Only thing missing from my favorites is the fish cake, but oh well. Haven't had the tofu - but that's b/c the bee bim bap is so damn good.  Will try next time.  Coworkers seem to enjoy it. Nor have i tried the meat dishes, but quantity definitely is good.  Larger dudes won't need to look for a meal afterwards.  Quality - unknown. Service is great even when busy.  Never have to worry about refilling water as they're smart enough to bring a large pitcher for large parties.  Unlike other places where dumbasses stand around chatting while you're dying of thirst.  They don't give you crap for separating the bill into 12 portions either - a big plus for groups. Dessert - 5 second gum + smelly clothes as usual.  No complaints here though ;). EDIT: Had to take it down a notch cuz the price is just getting ridiculous.  I swear every time we go, the prices go up.  $15 (after tax and tip) for bee bim bap??  And i swear the portions of meat have gotten smaller.  $20+ for kalbi for lunch?  F that.  Quality is still there, but portions shrinking + prices rising = I'm going somewhere else.
Korean comfort food. Cheap. Quick. Can't get better than these. Simple decor. No alcohol. Lots of bottomless yummy condiments. I am Korean but can't usually handle the spicy foods very well. I usually get the tofu soups at medium hot and that doesn't make me cry. They serve rice w/ red beans, so the color of the rice is a bit funky, but my mom would be proud that I am eating something other than plain white rice.
Very delicious Korean tofu soup that comes in wide a range of spiciness to suit anyone's taste. I usually get medium. I love the purple lentil rice that comes with the tofu soup. Their stone bowl rice is also excellent. I like their side dishes, because they don't automatically serve any tiny fish or weird stuff that I don't eat, so I don't feel like I'm wasting food. I have eaten at Tofu House at all times of the day. If service is important to you, don't go during the busiest times or within an hour of closing.
The best Soon doo bu in the greater Silicon Valley. Soup is very thick, Tofu is soft and plentiful, and flavor is abundant. What more can you ask for in Soon doo bu? Oh yeah, they also have one with Ramen which is great! Rice is very sticky and fresh with a slight purplish hue. This trumps my other former favorite Tofu House in the area: Myung Dong Tofu Cabin.
I'm definitely a fan of this place.  Any place that serves purple rice with tofu earns an automatic fan following from me.  I have not found another korean restaurant that serves purple rice in the bay area and it really bums me out.  Of course, I haven't tried all the korean restaurants in the bay area either.  Fellow yelpers, if you have some recommendations, send them my way! Anyway, on with the tofu- good, clean taste.  There are better tofu places on El Camino (in Santa Clara?) but for something quick and close to MV/Los Altos/Palo Alto, this is as good as it gets.  The service is good.  Seems like a family business- the waitresses and waiters are very attentive and friendly.    Would definitely go again to try other dishes.
I would like to come here again.  I actually got the bbq chicken with all the side dishes.  It was good.  Although, after ordering what I did, I knew I really wanted the short ribs.  The service is nice, always smiling, and the food comes out pretty quick.  I don't think I got the ideal plate of food, but my food is what I was craving, before I started eating.  Next time, the short ribs definitely. Definitely..definitely.
For people hailing on the northern side of Mountain View, away from the Santa Clara hub of Korean restaurants, this place is great for dinner. There are lots of families who dine here, thus for big groups not so great. However, I would definitely take my out-of-town buddies here for some decent Korean cuisine. Highly recommend the stone pot dishes and the amount of side dishes they give you is amazing! It's an endless supply of them if you request more. Plus, where else would you get served purple colored rice from?
I can't help but judge a Korean restaurant by the number and type of panchan (small side dishes) they serve with the meal. This one has a good variety of six, with each one being very yummy (usually there are a couple I don't feel like eating at other places) and they're quick to refill one if you finish. Every time I visit Palo Alto I eat here at least once. I've had the beef short ribs and various tofu soup. It's hard to mess up beef short ribs but unlike some places Tofu House gives you a nice big pile to chew on =) The tofu soup is perfect on a chilly day with the usual accompaniment of purple rice.
If ever I'm in Palo Alto visiting my buds, I jump up and accept any suggestions to go to Tofu House. Mmmm. . .just thinking about them sets off some kind of Pavlovian reaction. They get pretty busy here so try to go during off hours to beat the rush. The wait staff can get swamped but are always kind when they do get to you. There usually isn't a wait to get the side dishes and if you're really hungry they always bring you more if you ask. There is nothing wrong with any of their dishes. If spicy is not your thing, they will cook it to your specification. I especially like the bbq short ribs. The dish comes out in a sizzling platter piled high with meat. And the dinner portion is enough for two people. They have a pretty reasonable priced lunch selection which are smaller versions of the dinners. When asked where I'd like to eat while down in Palo Alto? Tofu House!!!!
My patent lunch here is #7 Ham (spam) and sausage.  I rate there Kim Chee here 5 stars and the best in the Bay Area.  Short Ribs, BBQ pork, and BBQ chicken is all good.  Side dishes is good , but the one that I really love is the potato dish which is always refilled about 3 times before I leave with my co-workers, oh and Kim Chee. Service is good, eating area is clean and bathroom is pretty clean.  Recommend taking your co-workers here especially if they haven't been here.  Just make sure they don't take credit for finding this place ;)
This place is yummy! Above average Korean food with decent service considering how busy it is here. I liked my original (beef) tofu soup... It was very flavorful even though I ordered it non-spicy. We got the seafood pancake which was good, although lacking in ingredients and a little spongy in texture. There were fewer side dishes than I normally expect from a Korean restaurant.
I love me some soon dobu :) #1 beef, medium spicy please. We're regulars and I have to say, it's nice to have a korean husband who knows Korean food. Every time we take our kids here, they automatically give us a separate bowl and rice for the little ones. Staff is very thoughtful and always re-filling our "pan chan" (small appetizer plates). Less one star because this place does get crowded so tables are always moving around and it gets pretty hot in there quick. Other than that, go enjoy the great food.
We like it! went early on Friday night around 6:00. Got a table easy.  Too bad there is no beer, it would be an awesome way to wash it down.  Fun food to try and plenty of it is a good thing.  It is hot and stays hot in the Tofu house.
There are a lot of Korean restaurants in the Bay Area.  It's hard to find one that does everything good.  Some have good bbq, some have good bibambap, some have good tofu soup, some make good seafood pancakes, you get the picture.  So Gong Dong come pretty close.  The Galbi is pretty good not the best.  It has a good variety of side dishes and the kimchi is good but probably could be a bit spicier. If you're looking for Korean food in Palo Alto, you can't go wrong here.
Tofu House is the first decent Korean restaurant located between Santa Clara and San Bruno. There and have been others but they never delivered on the goods - mainly taste and service.  The super friendly/enthusiastic Ah-ju-shee (owner guy) also owns the Tofu House on El Camino South of Lawrence Expressway. I always order the kimchee soondobu (medium spicy).  I like their ban chan "parade" too.  The wait staff is actually very nice and interactive compared to other Korean restaurants I've been to so beginning Korean food diners should feel comfortable here.
Man... this place is so good. Banchan selection, tofu soup, and bbq are all solid. A lot of times, tofu houses seem to be lacking in one or even two of the aforementioned categories. SGDTH does not. And that's what's up
Delicious!  The tofu vegetable soup was great.  The egg in it was fantastic. I ordered medium and will order spicy next time; they give you choices in your preferred spicyness.  The kim chi was excellent as well.  Service was fantastically attentive without being "in your face".  They do not have beer/wine; but kept our water glasses filled. Looking forward to coming back! Great value for the meal - fresh and does not kill your wallet.
I'd much rather drive further south for my Korean food, but I live in the area and on rainy nights, this is convenient.  The soup is a little bland for me, but I like that you automatically get purple rice. The soon dobu is good, I get medium and it's a good combination of spice and flavor. Last time I ordered the yook gae jang (sp?). It was really really watered down, tasted like hot water + red spice. It was also approximately 90% onions and little of anything else. Next time I'd stick to the soon dobu.
I love this place, really good tasting Korean BBQ / Tofu house! When you order something here, it comes with a billion side dishes (check out the photos) that you can refill. Try the combination tofu or spicy pork. The stone grill rice (bimbibob) is also very good. The one negative I have about this place is that the food can take a bit longer to prepare. But then, that's why you keep eating the side dishes!
This is my new favorite Korean restaurant. I used to love to eat at Tofu House in the city but I think this place has the best tofu soup around! I'll admit that I haven't eaten at that many Korean restaurants but I always find a craving for here! Definitely plus - unlimited sides and they're soooo good! Especially the jap che (sorry for the spelling)! The waiters here are so attentive! I don't think they ever let your water glass go half empty! They also are so generous with their sides and will continue to ask you if you want another helping! If you come here you must try the tofu soup and the bulgogi! They are delicious!
OK, I love tofu houses.  There are 3 in Milpitas, where I live.  Many more in Santa Clara, where I work.  But I must say, this is one of the BEST (if not the best) tofu house I have been to.  I always order the seafood combination (medium spicy) and the seafood pancake.  I order the same thing whether we have a party of 5 or 2.  My friend(s) have to wheel me out after each meal there. Two of my favorite sides are the cucumber & tofu.  They will refill if you ask.  We got 4 refills of cucumber once ... the wait stuff should have offered to just bring us a bowl! It's usually crowded, so go early.  But if you have to wait, it's worth it.
A gem in Palo Alto!!! Wanted to try Korean for the second time after a failed first attempt. We yelped to find this place -- since it was close to our house we decided to give it a try. The place is crowded, especially on evenings and the weekends. We were greeted by a lovely lady inside. The decor is like any typical Asian place -- not much to say but clean and neat!! We ordered a chicken and vegetable Bi bim bap. The restaurant serves 5-6 varieties of tiny appetizers -- I am guessing these are different varieties of kimchis. Each one of them was so good -- they were healthy and filling too. About 15 mins later our bi bim bap arrived in a sizzling clay pot. It tasted great. We will definitely keep going there and trying new stuff -- maybe we will be addicted to Korean food soon =). The only downside to me is the crowd and the ambiance. I wish they tried to make it more cozy and little bit upscale.
We'd been hunting the valley for good korean food and came here with high expectations. Our mains were good & tasty (noodle dish & tofu soup repsectively), but the sides - while generous in numbers, were disappointing in taste. Although we understand the spirit of the place (fast, simple, straightforward food with no fuzz), we would have loved to see a larger range of drinks than coke, diet coke & sprite. Especially since the coke's we had ended up tasting of chlorine. Also, we wouldn't mind a more personal service and attention in the cleaning of the place. With some effort, this could easily be a four.
Not the best looking place, but the food more than makes up for it. The beef bulgogi was so flavorful! The Soondooboo (Scooby-Doo is my mnemonic device for this dish) was supposedly good as well, but I only tried one spoon of it and burnt my tongue, so I decided to preserve the rest of my taste buds for the delicious bulgogi. On my second visit I tried the Bimbimbop (gotta love these fun names) and it was quite good as well. It was burning hot even 20 minutes later, which is all a slow eater like me could ask for.
Great bulgogi beef - as good as I remember it from when I was a kid in L.A. Large portions, excellent value, fast service.
I went on a Friday night.  Parking lot of totally full, but there were a couple tables free.  Not sure if it was just the fast service or everyone from Fuki Sushi next door was using up the parking. Food was great.  Menu seemed a little expensive ($9 for tofu soup and $11 for bi bim bap), but my friends assured me that this was normal these days.  Apparently, this place is also the same owners as the one in Milpitas and Santa Clara - so "normal" could be by virtue of having so many restaurants! Anyway back to the food.  I had the combo tofu soup, one friend has the pork tofu soup, and another had the fish egg tofu soup.  I was suitably impressed that while I only had one clam shell, I actually had a bowl full of clams.  I had medium spicy which was just enough.  Probably on a more adventurous day, I'd have the hot and have my mouth burn.  Good selection of side dishes.  My friend had to ask for me though for the little dried fishes. The host and wait staff were very friendly.  As someone earlier mentioned, the restaurant itself is a little industrial in terms of no-frills decor.  There is a lot of space - they could probably put in a few more tables if they wanted to increase profits, but as a customer it's great to have the elbow room.
I have to get my sodium fix from this place at least once a week. What will I do, when I no longer work around Palo Alto? I always order the spicy tofu soup with mushrooms, kimchi or dumplings and love the condiments of the clear noodles and kimchi. Caution do not wear white, when you visit this place (splat splat). The price is so reasonable, no more than $13 per person including tax and tip. The service is okay, but the parking lot is awful it's the uneven pavement.  I still give the place a 5 for their tofu soup! Go for the bbq pork vs beef, it's mixed with some sort of sweet spicy sauce I have noticed Korean places that specialize in a few main dishes, such as this one - make the tofu soup broth so flavorful and tasty compared to those other restaurants that serve a wide selection on their menu. I met a new Korean friend yesterday and asked what is in the recipe and she replies that no one really knows and the owners make the tofu soup at home, this way their employees aren't able to figure out what it's made of .
I love their complimentary banchan or side dishes, which consist of kimchi (duh), japchae, kongnamul and wakame. People here call them appetizers because the servers bring them before the meal (the ladies are quick to refill them if you enjoy a particular one). I've tried their bulgogi (beef and pork),  galbi, and a variety of their bi bim bop. The food is pretty decent ... not great or awesome but delicious and plentiful (stay away from Hahn's Hibachi if you don't want to walk away hungry ... but that's in another review).
They have a tofu dish I haven't seen at other tofu houses - fish egg tofu.  Served with two large chunks of cooked fish eggs.  So good!!!  We come here just for this tofu dish. Another time, I'd ordered the bibimbap, pretty large portion, tastes good.  But the tofu still wins hands down. Lots of little dishes, those taste really good too! I liked the service - always checking back on us to see if we're doing ok, and the waitresses will often refill the little dishes when they go empty.  The service does get a little worse when it's really busy, but hey, they're busy.  :) For a family of four, two tofu dishes is usually enough.  Three, and we're gorged. Good food, we'll be here often.
My first time ever having tofu soup... I had the Tofu with sausage, ham, and onions and was amazed. Great mix of flavors and the tofu added texture and creaminess. I've never had anything brought out that was so hot... it seemed like it was still boiling after five minutes. My self-cracked egg cooked right away and disappeared in the bubbly concoction. The trick I learned to eat the blazing hot soup was to scoop some into the purplish rice bowl and blow a little. I ordered medium spicy but didn't taste any pepper heat so will order hot next time. There was a line to get in for lunch so we put our name on the list. Before long someone came and gave us a menu and took our order so by the time we sat down, the food was being brought over. That was a nice touch you don't see often. Can't wait to go back and try the other soups...
I thought this was the same Tofu House as the one on ECR in Santa Clara with the VERY happy owner... well, it isn't, sadly enough. Tasty but questionable in cleanliness. The first thing that hit me was how dirty the place is - though the outside recently got painted over, and possibly the inside, too.  The table we were shown had obvious noodles and food underneath and around the chairs.  When I pointed this out to the hostess, she got some placemats and napkins, and then proceeded to use one of the napkins to clean up the floor while holding the other silverware, napkins and placemats at the same time... ugh! I wouldn't let her place those on the table for us, so she took them somewhere else, and came back - who knows, maybe with the same set - and set the table. Service was uneven, relatively unfriendly, though the food came out fast, it does not even come close to comparison to the Tofu House in Santa Clara! Plus side:  more kim chee plates served here - about six small dishes. The dumpling tofu (less than $10) came out bubbling - a good sign - but it spilled when served, and the server was too hurried to even see the spill.  The tofu dish however, seemed more watery than I've had elsewhere. The beef bulgogi ($12.65) was pretty shredded, piled high, tasty but only medium warm (I would have preferred really hot temperature-wise).  It was definitely NOT sizzling on our platter. The Jap Chae was on a good-sized plate, but was not a heaping amount - not even enough for three of us eating partial quantities.  It was tasty, however, but for $10.35 I was expecting a bigger heap! The tea was good, though not terribly strong, and the water in the kiddie-size cups was cute, though perhaps authentic? I'd go back to here only if it's the only place that serves tofu and I'm really hankering for some Korean food.  At least I'd take it To Go.
This place was a great find! You definitely come here for the soon doobu (tofu stew). There are actually a lot of options on the menu to choose from (approx 6-8 meat options), as well as 4 delicious veggie selections (mushroom, vegetable, ramen and vegetable, and - get this- (vegetable) MANDU and vegetable!!) So great. I had the vegetable mandu yache soon doobu (very spicy) and cleaned the bowl. yum! Very tasty side dishes as well. The purple 5-grain rice comes standard with your tofu stew. The menu also has BBQ options, Dol sot, Pa jun (pancake), and some cold noodles. This is now my go-to place when driving all the way up to the city to get to My Tofu House is not an option.
The soft tofu soup was ok.  I got the seafood version, ordered very spicy.  I would rate it as moderately spicy.  The flavor was rather one note:  "canned oyster." My dining companion got the chicken bibimbap and found the meat to be tough little odds and ends, like eating overcooked scraps. The free cold appetizers were the best part of the meal. We had a weeknight dinner, around 7:30 pm, and the place had a good amount of customer traffic, although no waiting for our choice of tables.  Service was quick. The overall feeling of the restaurant was spartan, worn, dirty, and sticky.  The lighting was institutional.  There were gum wrappers (free Korean gum with your check) and chop stick wrappers on the floor.  I observed one diner sit down, pick up his menu, then look at his fingers and try to clean them off, indicating to me that his menu was not clean.
In my three years at Stanford I've probably gone to the SGD Tofu House at least once a quarter, and as far as I can remember I've always ordered the #16, beef bulgogi.  Every time I think about trying something new and different, I remember WHY I always end up with bulgogi -- because it's remarkably flavorful, juicy, tender, sweet, etcetera etcetera.  The miso soup is delicious, and the side dishes are always good, though most of the time I eat the noodles and whoever I'm with eats the rest.  The bulgogi comes with purple rice, which is always an interesting visual. Ambiance-wise, Tofu House is really down to earth -- it's not something you'd call "classy," but it's still a great place for group outings or lunch dates.  The service staff are attentive and helpful, and they're quick to provide whatever you might need (tea, more side dishes, take-out boxes).  One of the main reasons I love Tofu House is that I can get a great meal there without spending too much or feeling like I have to be upright and proper -- it's just a really relaxed, laid-back environment that's occasionally too loud, but that's probably because my friends and I are making all the noise. Oh, and the melon gum.  Amazing for a minute or two, and then weird and rubbery right afterwards.  The transience is kind of like a firework, or something else I probably can't write about here.
Yook Gae Jang $11.50 MM SO GOOD.
Initially, I didn't appreciate this place because I figured, how hard is it to heat some broth and... Read more 
So I've been here a few times and ordered a variety of dishes.  My disclaimer is that I do luuuv me some Korean food.  I especially luuv me some kimchee.  Overall, I've found Tofu House to be a bit inconsistent with its kimchee quality (oldness, spiciness - the spicier and older the better!  yummm....). Anyway, I decided to write a review finally because I took my totally Texan, bland-eating, never adventuresome mother to try her some Korean for herself.  I was starving and craving some fire in a hot bowl of tofu soup.  Ok, so, not sure if its the biggest compliment or criticism that she loved her some Korean here at Tofu House. We had bibimbap with beef (yummm) with brown rice (is it really brown? purple? white? white purple?).  We also had the original tofu soup with chicken.  The kimchee was right on this time, too.  yumm....  We loved both dishes and we had enough left overs for a couple more meals.  Plus, I took me some kimchee luv home in a styrofoam. So, here is 5 stars to you, Tofu House.
The bibimbap is great. Get the dolseot. Yummy crunchy rice. The banchan is pretty good here too.
The best things about this place are the appetizers, which are delicious and the servers readily refill upon request.  The tofu soup comes out hot and bubbly, splattering everywhere if you're not careful -- but that's OK because it's super tasty. In my mind, the tofu soup is vegan as long as you don't get meat in it (hope so) and the veggie bi bim bap is tasty as long as you ask them not to put the egg on top.  Soup comes w/raw egg to crack in yourself, but bi bim bap has egg already added - I just tell them I don't eat egg.  My meat-eating companions were very pleased with everything too. You'll come out of this place smelling like Korean BBQ, which is good or bad depending on where you need to be afterwards.  Parking lot can get very crowded.  Service is typically fairly quick for as much stuff they're serving you.
One of my favourite restaurants near Stanford.  It's cheap, it's quick, and most of all, it's a really hearty, balanced meal. For someone who grew up in Asian restaurants, the atmosphere is all business-- the goal is to serve you food and then get you out of there as fast as possible.  Which is fine by me, but sometimes people don't like the noise, or the brusqueness of the waiters. My favorite is the tofu with the pork, dried shrimp, and clam.  Make sure you crack the egg into the tofu and let the heat cook it!  All the meals come with panchan (Korean small plated appetizers, usually some soybean sprouts, kimchi, tofu, spinach) and rice.  The bulgogi, bibimbap, and other flavors are all right, but I think I've had most of them, and the pork/dried shrimp/clam is the most flavorful. I tried the thornback over the cold soba noodles once.  Not so good.  Thornback turns out to be a rayfish, and it comes with cartilage bones in it.  All I remember is that it was covered with some sauce, and that it crunched a lot while eating it.
Pork bulgolgi was amazing. I don't know what they did to that sauce, but dayummmmmm, Beef bulgolgi was good, but nothing to phone home about. Slightly pricey.
To be clear, I realize the name of the place is "Tofu House." So perhaps I shouldn't expect much for the bulgogi at a place known for tofu.  But the bulgogi was just short of disgusting.  The actual sauce/spices for it weren't bad at all, but it was clear that the meat used was of the lowest quality.  Even using large quantities of Coke to try to wash it down, I just couldn't. Granted this is a limited review, but I would strongly recommend avoiding this place if you want Korean BBQ. Service was good and I agree that it gets crowded.
This is the closest good food place to where I lived. Side dishes are delicious and so is the purple rice. That could be a meal in itself. I always end up eating like half the rice before my tofu comes. So Tofu House is a place I enjoy eating at. It's more of a seasonal thing. There's nothing like eating Tofu House on a cold night. As far as recommendations, the dumpling (or something like that) wasn't that good. The cheese tofu is surprisingly good. Only thing I don't like about this place is that you smell like shit after you walk out the door.
Wonderful tofu soup! I've been coming here since my college days, since Tofu House is definitely the best Korean place (reasonably) close to University Avenue. . The KBBQ dishes and bibimbap are good, but they're really known for their tofu soups. My personal favorite is the seafood tofu soup (extra spicy) with raw egg. Service can be a bit slow, so you'll find yourself flagging down a waiter frequently. I would actually consider increasing the number of stars if their service improved. Also, they don't have as many free appetizers as some of the other Korean places in the Bay. Definitely get one of their spicy tofu soups, though....perfect way to cure a cold, a night of partying, or anything else!
banchan was really good with high marks for the green vegetable and chap chae.  Server even refilled as needed.  Ordered: tofu soup (pork & seafood), bbq pork & beef, bulgogi (beef & seafood).  All dishes were really good with high marks for the seafood bulgogi.  Rice dishes were cooked perfectly with the mandatory crispy rice underneath.  Portions were generous.  Bill came to ~$120 for 7 people.  Really not bad.  Will surely comeback!
I have been coming here for 4 or 5 years now, and I keep going back.  I especially like coming here when I'm feeling like I'm getting sick for the soft tofu soup.  And the side dishes... amazing. I don't eat meat, but I do eat seafood, so I usually get the mushroom dumpling or mixed veggie soft tofu or the seafood bib bim bap.  My favorite is the mushroom dumpling soft tofu.  I have had better bib bim bap at other Korean restaurants, but I have also had much worse.  For soft tofu, this place is my favorite. The all you can eat side dishes make up for the wait at busy times and the fluorescent lighting --- yum!  I swear I can fill myself up before I even get my food, and I can never finish everything brought to me no matter how hungry I am. Another plus: I often go to Korean restaurants and I ask for spicy and don't get spicy enough.  Here, if I say I want my food spicy, it actually comes spicy.   If it is ever not spicy enough -- you can ask and they'll make it spicier!
I think this is the only Tofu house in Palo Alto. They are smart putting a conspicuous sign outside, an impression of a Tofu palace; however, the actual house is disappointinglly small. It's quite disconnected and isolated from the two Asian restaurants on the two sides. The construction and interior is over simplified. This is a huge emotional downturn. Let's give it the benefit of the doubt. The tofu is delicious. They have the regular three kinds: original(with beef/pork); seafood; combination. Out of all the Kimchi served at the beginning of the meal, I liked the spicy seaweed best, fresh and hot. Besides, the rice is made with red beans, more visually tempting and physically nutritious. All of these for about $9 per person.
All those stars may seem excessive to some, but this was my first time in a Korean tofu restaurant and I am totally enchanted. I was coming home from a rough day on my feet at a conference around 2pm, hungry, tired and cranky and stopped for a late lunch. I really like tofu and had wanted to try this place for a while. Now mind you, I love dives much more than fancy restaurants, the higher on the bizarre meter, the more I like it so seeing that pocked lunar surfaced parking lot was a great start. I was greeted and seated immediately by smiling folks in a place that had that thrice converted feel. Once upon a time there was a gas station that turned into a mexican restaurant that turned into a tofu house. The pictures of cactus, a broken, empty cooler, lots of stucco and mexican music blaring out of somewhere really drove away any expectations and let me experience this as something totally new. I ordered the seafood tofu and had noticed that the meal would come with assorted goodies. Oh boy. Glassy noodles dressed with dark sesame oil, a cooling bean sprout salad, cucumbers in sweet vinegar, those nifty potatoes and a bowl of purple rice with unidentifiable goodies sprinkled in.  Purple rice. I was in heaven. Kimchee that must have been made by an angel gramma it was so good. AND, there was a single, lonely egg in a dish. Hmmmmmm. Hard cooked? No, the spin test (uncooked eggs won't spin) showed it to be raw. After tasting & testing the little nibblies I was sincerely hoping the soup would be hot enough to thicken up when I dropped in the egg. The soup arrived and it was boing boing boiling. Not simmering, but stand back folks boiling. I was soooooo happy. I had ordered the soup 'mild' so as not to overpower the seafood and it came back perfectly warmed (spice warm, not temperature) by exactly the right amount of chili. I had a blast finding the 4 shell & head on shrimp, 2 delectable oysters & oodles of little clams in the generous mass of tofu and none of the seafood bits were overcooked despite the furious boil that they had gone through. Yum. I was full, but could not seem to stop eating. (somebody help me) The fresh, silky tofu with such lovely accompaniment made me so happy, the wait staff were helpful, even offering to stir in my egg and explaining the little sides. I can't wait to try more of this stuff. Yes, the menu is limited, but who wants 30 choices of crud instead of a few, well selected, well made bowls of sheer delight? I will try other Korean tofu places but will return (soon!) to my first love.
I love it!  I used to have to go to SF or to SJ to find some good, spicy tofu soup.  The food it pretty good and the service is there (not overly friendly, but definitely acceptable).  The bibimbab ROCKS! They are very kid friendly and will even bring you a little bowl of non-spicy tofu soup for your little ones (free of charge, at least as of the last time we visited less than a month ago).
I love tofu soup (as much I hate waiting outside during lunchtime though).  Believe it or not, I ALWASY order it extra spicy.  Yes, it's painful but so ADDICTIVE!  On my last visit, I tried their mushroom tofu soup and though it was pretty good.  But my favorite is their seafood tofu soup. The owner (old gentleman) actually works on the floor and is super nice!
Korean food... How much I love thee I've only been exposed to korean food for a few years now, but i always end up coming back here to satisfy my cravings. The staff here are so hard working and even though not always fast, will do their best to keep up. Anyway, back to the food. The side dishes here are ALWAYS fresh. And I mean always. Other korean restaurants' side dishes are hit or miss, but not this place. Not only are they fresh, but never fails to taste amazing. Their tofu soups are always made to perfection and packed with quality tofu and whatever you choose to have in them. Even though I don't order the BBQ all that often, they are simply to die for as well. Incredibly tender and well seasoned. You won't be disappointed. Highly recommended.
Best Soon Tofu I've found on the Peninsula. My standards are way too high after living in LA and having K-Town at my beck and call. But this is comparable to the really good, cheap tofu hot pot places down there. The five stars is for the tofu soup. The bulgogi and other dinner items are hit or miss, so I honestly haven't tried that many. Definitely try the vegetable dumpling soon tofu, which is fantastic. As others have mentioned, leave your dry clean only coats in the car, ventilation is always tough with steamy food restaurants. Don't wear light clothes, the soup does tend to splatter. But just pushing your seat a little further back when they bring the soup out has always kept my shirts clean. It won't splatter so much when the soup cools down. And it needs to be that hot to cook the egg. Oh so yummy!
I went here on a Monday night to have dinner with some friends.  I ordered the BiBimBop, seafood.  Flavor was good, not too spicy, decent portions of seafood.  The food came out steaming hot, with good texture and just the right amount of saltiness. Service was nice and efficient, they came by to refill our waters without us asking.
Food is decent, although I've seen better. Surprisingly the Kalbi with Naeng-myun tastes much better than the array of tofu soups. Like other korean restaurants, they give you adequate side dishes but sometimes take a long time. Overall the food quality/quantity is good. I'd go for a lunch rather than dinner (traffic), and by the way, it seems like if you're Korean, they'll treat you better...
This is the perfect place for many things including, a quick lunch- both alone or with co-workers- a rainy day pick-me up, a place to give into a kim chee craving or getting your super spicy tofu fix. To me it is the quintessential lunch spot, capable of seating me in quickly, getting the food on the table fast and me out the door within an hour, while still providing a satisfying meal. The only down side is smelling like spicy tofu soup for the rest of the day, but its a price I willingly pay.
I love good Korean food - this place is good but not as great as some of the reviews make it out to be.  Very limited menu with Tofu soups, bulgogi, and bibimbop.  What they do, they do well at good prices. Owned by the same guy that owns Tofu House at El Camino and Lawrence Expressway in Sunnyvale.
Now, it's customary for young Indian men to have major identity crises and think that we are harder than we really are. Even though most of us are under 180 lbs. and have chicken legs, for some reason we still believe that we can start fights at nightclubs; and when we see a dinner menu that specifies if you want your meal mild, medium, or spicy, we usually say, "Bring it on - let's see what spice you've got!" I must admit, when I was ordering my food, my identity crisis was in full effect - "Asian food is never spicy enough for me" I arrogantly said to the waiter who was taking my order,  "give me the SPICY mushroom tofu soup." Well, the Koreans definitely knew how to kick my ass and my upper GI tract as well. When the food arrived, all my friends had soups that had were a pale brown color. My dish, on the other hand, arrived firecracker red and bubbling due to the high temperature. Before I took the first sip, my mind was confidently saying, "Baby ain't no thang...ain't no thang. I cook with this red chili shit every day!" First sip....fine! I chatted a bit  with my buddies and took the second sip...this time I could feel the chilis opening up because of the heat and the time left to sit and I knew I was in trouble. As I took more spoons of soup, my lips began to tingle from the spice, and I could feel my esophogus swelling - oh boy! By the middle of the meal, I stopped the waitress and I asked her for the beverage menu. I looked around frantically - damn no Soy Milk. Damn! No regular milk! F*&ck, no plain yogurt either. All my Indo tricks to save face and prevent a can of whoop-ass by the red chili powder were futile! I took my defeat with my head held low, gulped my 2 liters of ice-water, and finshed three quarters of my tofu soup. ----------------------- Now for the more objective review: This causual restaurant serves very good Korean food. I like that they bring out cold vegetable appetizers with each meal that is ordered. It gives you almost two meals in one! I thought that my meal was very tasty and I appreciated that the temperature of the food was sizzling. By seeing the bubbles in my soup, I knew that the soup was boilng on the stove just prior to the waiters serving the food. I will be back - but I think I will tone down the spices next time. Hats off to the cooks who gave my fast-talking, arrogantly thinking, Indian spice hubris a run for its money!!!
This is the best Korean food I have ever eaten. The staff is friendly too. The only problem is the wait time on weekday lunch time, and why not :)
I always get the spicy pork bibimbap.  You get plenty of food for the price.  The melon gum is a nice treat after dinner.
First a disclaimer...I have had very little Korean food. The side dishes were yummy. My lunch however was a pile of super greasy meat. I got a the pork chili dish and the slices of pork were swimming in grease. I barely at any of it and it was $13!! My boyfriend got the bi bam bop (sp?) and it was okay, a little greasy too. I think they also use MSG. We both were very disappointed :(
I really liked this place a lot. I'm a big fan of their lil potato and carrot appetizer and the purple rice, though at first offputting, was good too. For my entree I ordered the bibimbop with extra beef and tofu. Overall I enjoyed the food here and will definitely come back... the price is also pretty cheap too for Korean.
this place is fast and cheap, just the way i like it...food, that is.  i had the spicy seafood soondubu, which i didn't think was spicy at all.  maybe next time i'll ask for extra spicy.  i like the rice here, b/c they put red beans and other grains in here, and i feel a little healthier for eating it.  my friend had the seafood bibimbap, which looked really good as well. yes, this place is nothing to look at, but who cares.  it's a solid choice for a weeknight dinner.
YESSSSS!!!!  I have finally found heaven.  I am perhaps a bit biased, because my favorite food happens to be sundubu.  Thus, I consider myself extremely lucky to have stumbled upon Tofu House.  Best Korean comfort food experience in the US yet... well, ok, top 3 for sure.  Tough call though.  Panchan are tasty and fresh, and can you believe it, a whole menu dedicated to sundubu!  Just like in the old country.  Also my measure of quality and authenticity is that this is the first place in the US I've been to where they give you the requisite egg in the sundubu, without having to ask for it!  'Nuff said.
I love Korean food, and I'm very happy that a great Korean tofu house is only 5 minutes away from my house. The menu is simple (less than 15 items to choose from!), but there's something for everyone. Obviously you should try one of the tofu dishes (this IS a tofu house...), but the bibimba and meat dishes (bulgogi!) are tasty as well. Service is great-- fast, attentive, and very generous in refilling your sidedishes... Mmm.. kimchi and japchae...Good food, nice atmosphere, and affordable prices.
I'm somewhat hesitant about posting my rating for Tofu House.  The thing is, I enjoyed every single bite of it.  On the other hand, the meal followed a very gnarley swim, and I was so hungry I actually forgot to ask (for the first time in history) whether or not they cooked their vegetarian dishes in animal stock (as most Asian places do).  I'm fearful they may have had some fish stock in there, in retrospect.  But the remainder of this review will operate under the assumption that it was indeed completely vegetarian.  i may have to update this review following a phone call to them in the near future. For *starters* (no pun intended), I enjoyed the kimchi in a very big way.  This was my first time having Korean food, so I momentarily felt that I found the perfect cuisine in life.  The potato dish, the seaweed, the spicy cabbage.... YUM.  I loved every second of those cold appetizers.  I then got the hot bubbly mushroom tofu soup (I forget the formal name).  It was pretty good.  I'm a spice slut, so I ordered it to be of the spiciest caliber, and still was squirting that delicious red chile sauce on everything.  I welcomed the resulting runny nose and burning eyes.  Two drawbacks about this place: the service (they are not interested in anything but getting you out of there ASAP) and the fact there is no dessert whatsoever.   Nor alcohol.  WTF?!
Finally made it to the Tofu House today after hearing the endless praise of my friends.  As we drove into the parking lot, I thought I had returned to the back roads of Costa Rica.  Felt like a war zone out there!  So many potholes and unmarked parking spots!  Hey, Tofu House, fix it up!  But I digress. I ordered the much recommended #17 beef Bibimbap and it was delicious.  It comes out in an extremely hot pot (sizzles, I swear to god, the whole time you eat it).  I sure did burn my mouth on the hot rice because I have no restraint nor speed control when I chow.  The combination of crispy rice, meat, veggies, kim chee, egg, and not-so-hot sauce made for a satisfying meal.  A few of us also shared a tofu soup, for which I didn't care so much.  Good flavor, and again *boiling* hot, but too much tofu and not enough broth.  We ordered one that had beef, shrimp and clams - an interesting combination.  Although I typically love them, I couldn't be bothered to deal with the whole shrimpies (eyes and all) in this boiling hot concoction.  On the other hand, I loved the side dishes...all were great, especially the noodles, kim chee and cucumbers.  The complimentary bean tea rounded out the whole experience quite nicely. Service was decent, prices are a bit high for what you get...but it was worth it in the end. I will certainly be back, and would recommend it highly.  However, I think I'll try a traditional grilled meat and rice dish next time, for comparison's sake.
Enjoyed lunch, the kimchee and various nibbles were tasty, the service was good, but  cannot say I'm a fan of their food for the price.  Have had better Korean food in Oakland in a better setting for comparable prices. If Korean food was a cuisine I craved, I might be more interested in going back, otherwise their are a lot of options I prefer.
