My wife and I have eaten here For many and many -- and many  -- a year. Service is always efficient and quick, And for me that really does the trick. Food is quite good, which is saying a lot Because we want tasty, and that's what we got. Owner is friendly and runs a clean place, So this is a restaurant we really embrace.
I'm not sure how a Korean restaurant can mess up soon du bu (tofu stew), but this place did. Maybe I was craving it too much and had way too high expectations. So the broth usually makes this dish amazing, but there just tasted like water and they sprinkled red peppers on it to make it spicy. For our table of 4, we only got 3 side dishes from them, not nearly enough as other places. I tried my friend's miso soon du bu and that was better in terms of flavor. Also, the seafood one only contains like 2 pieces of octopus and a mussel. What a rip off AND they didn't give me an egg in mine either. I even question if this place is owned by a korean. PA needs to step it up with more diverse GOOD food places.
First, I want to know why there are pictures showing more than three small dishes! As far as I know, we only got three banchan, which were unflavored bean sprouts, unflavored cucumbers (though cut into cute zigzag-edged shapes), and bland kimchi. Anyways, I had hoped that the previous reviews were exaggerating. Perhaps the classy tongues of people who saunter through Palo Alto every night have odd standards for Korean fare. But I guess they were right, after all. We got the dolsot bibimbap and soondubu tofu stew, both beef. The dolsot bibimbap states on the menu that it is highly recommended. Whoever recommended it sure enjoys mediocrity. First, the amount of beef they gave in the dolsot bibimbap fit like, an entire spoon. Second, the vegetables all tasted like each other. Third, it was a rather small meal. I usually am not able to finish an entire dolsot bibimbap by myself. I don't know why I could this time, and still be hungry for dessert afterwards. Sure, the hot sauce they give makes the thing actually taste like something, but come on, even the egg thing they put on top was sort of fake looking and odd! The tofu stew was way better than the bibimbap, but there were weird potato pieces in it, I think, that made it taste starchy. Which is weird. I'm not sure what else to say, I'm sad that this is the only Korean restaurant in downtown Palo Alto. And I facepalm at the random tourists who gave this place four or five stars. Maybe their Japanese menu items taste nicer. This was a very Americanized Korean place, I don't think I would even go here for desperation. Actually, I know I would not go here for desperation. Maybe I would if the prices were like, five dollars cheaper. But there are like ten other restaurants on the same block that could do much better. The one Asian employee amidst the other non-Asian employees was interesting to see, though.
For the price I paid, this place deserves 2 stars at most. The location was really nice being on University Ave. in Palo Alto, but the food was a different story. I used to have Korean food all the time back home in Vancouver and its surrounding suburbs with large Korean populations so trust me I know what's authentic or not, plus my standards are not that high either, but I was honestly not a big fan of the restaurant. I came here for lunch on a weekday.I found out the place was not very authentic after seeing their options on the menu, but I wasn't in the mood for bento boxes so I decided to go with japchae. Now that I think about it, I should've gone with the bento boxes instead. The service was ok and the food didn't take forever to come out, but I was very disappointed with what I had. The japchae was waaaaaaaaaaay too sweet and the kimchi that came with the food was TERRIBLE. Honestly the processed kimchi they sell at Asian markets taste way better than the flavorless cabbage they call "kimchi" that I had at the place. 3 stars for service, location, and environment, but -1 star for the food. I do get Korean food cravings from time to time but I refuse to return, especially for the expensive prices. Do yourself a favor and drive down El Camino to Tofu House.
I normally do not give out 1-2 stars unless the place had a bad impression....this place gave me a bad experience and a bad impression. BUT there is always room for improvement, so I hope the owner/manager can take a customer's suggestions! --I've eaten Korean food at various places in NorCal (Santa Clara, San Jose, Cupertino, etc.) and SoCal Koreatown. So I have experience and can compare various places and experiences, FYI. Food: C I went to Hans for lunch with Faddy, and he got the Bibimbap and I got the Chap Chae Noodle Bento. I tasted his chicken Bibimbap and it very mediocre, even with the hot sauce. The chicken was not flavorful and the vegetables were tasteless. He even admitted that the bibimbap was just "okay." How can the basic bibimbap be just "okay"? Isn't that disappointing considering how staple the bibimbap is in the Korean culture! My chap chae noodles bento was not impressive either, but since it was about $8.95, I chose it for lunch special. All you literally get is a makeshift salad and chap chae noodles drenched in oil. At other Korean places where chap chae noodles are FREE as a side dish, I was disappointed that the chap chae noodles I paid for was NOT better than the free ones I get elsewhere. Location/Ambiance: C+ The only reason I gave a "+" is because it is located in the awesome downtown Palo Alto and was within walking distance from my parking lot. Interior decorations are very tacky and plain. I wish they had more trendy or exotic Korean decorations rather than random paintings and plain wooden tables/chairs. For a restaurant in Palo Alto, it does not live up to the high standard. Service: C- Faddy and I come inside. We were acknowledged by the two servers (male and female) with their glances. Faddy had to wave at them and they directed us to a corner table. We look at the menu and female server comes by to take our order. Since it was my first time, I inquired about the udon and bento boxes. She sounded so flustered and had a "whatever" tone. Really? Your excitement and enthusiasm is sooo overwhelming. Then we ordered and we never saw the servers again. For lunch time, the restaurant was not even super busy, and there was a decent amount of people (maybe 8-10 parties). And the server was not very clear about describing the different bentos and I thought the chap chae noodles had potstickers in them :( Not! Overall very poor quality of service Prices: B- Honestly for the quality of the food, the prices are TOO expensive. Seriously I got a handful of salad and noodles for about $9 and Faddy got the bibimbap for about $12...totally not worth it. TL;DR? Poor food quality, poor service, expensive for the quality you are getting. PASS and go around the Bay Area for other fine Korean restaurants.
5 Star for Customer Service!!! It's 5:30pm and I haven't had anything yet so I came and checked this restaurant out. They are reasonably priced and for a Korean Restaurant, they do served Japanese food as well. I ordered for appetizer since I'm really not that hungry. $6.75 for 6pcs. When I asked if they have rice bowl, he said I can get a side of rice if I want to. Since I am a big rice eater, of course I said yes. A dollar something for the rice but he threw it in for FREE. I guess because he (the owner) recognized me from work.  While waiting for my to go, he offered me soup. It probably doesn't cost them anything but that's just additional star for customer service. I know I should order something Korean but I will have to reserve it for next time when I am crazy hungry. The place is well kept. Good people. Good service.
I wanted to like this place... I really wanted to like this place because there isn't a Korean restaurant nearby... but sadly I will not be back. Food: We got the beef ribs and dol sot bi bim bap - the ribs were ok but the rice in the latter was watery. The host/cashier came around towards the end of our meal with TINY sides of pickles, kimchi and sprouts and they were all disgusting - YIKES. Service: Unaccomodating and got my order wrong. I hate pork but the guy I was with wanted to try the spicy pork. They have this meat special on their menu where for $18 it comes with a beef long rib, beef short rib and a pork rib. I asked the girl if we could substitute the pork rib with the spicy pork (which made sense to me because the spicy pork was cheaper than the pork rib on the menu)... yeah, she flat out told me no and said that if she made the substitution, her manager would get mad. Well, that manager should really look into learning about customer service especially if he/she wants repeat customers and if their requests are reasonable. The guy and I also ordered ICED jasmine tea and she comes out with 2 HOT teas... clearly did not pay attention to what we ordered, then instead of apologizing, looked at us like we were in the wrong. Ambiance: Small, banquette style seating on the right with tables on the left - strange vibe in the place and a little ghetto. If you want overpriced but mediocre food, then feel free to order take out. Otherwise I say go to Plutos next door or to one of the many other restaurants downtown with better food and service.
Food Sorry, it is an insult to the Korean people to say the food offered is Korean. If you want to have Korean food in Palo Alto, definitely go to the Tofu House. Service OK, even though I almost always just go for the food so I have quite low standard on this. Location Great, at least before Borders closed. This location seems to be jinxed, though, as restaurants seemed to come and go pretty quickly.
So I came in here the other day and tried the Bento special for lunch. It was pretty quiet, only one couple sitting outside, but it made me feel less pressured when it came time to ordering. I was really craving a rice/meat dish, and since I'd never really tried Korean food before, I decided to give it a try! Some pros: -Quick & friendly service -delicious bento lunch Some cons: -expensive, especially when you're looking for a quick lunch, $10 for rice and meat/veggies is just too expensive. -pretty quiet, I work across the street so I can see into the store all the time, and I've never noticed it being super busy I'd definitely come in here a couple more times if I'm craving the Bento special, but unfortunately the price keeps me away.
I had no idea what bi bim bap was before I came here.  Things I know now: I like things that come in hissing hot plates, where I see an egg go from raw to cooked in front of me, where I can add my own chili spices and extra bean sprouts, where I can wrestle with deciding whether or not to try kim chi for the first time... Although it does stress me out knowing the rice might burn if I don't churn fast enough! The atmosphere isn't anything inspiring, and the prices are pretty high (about $12-$13 for what is essentially a big dish of fried rice).  But it's a tasty place, with free diet coke refills, and most entrees can be made with tofu for vegetarians!
Don't expect anything close to real Korean food. As someone who knows good Korean food, I have been hugely disappointed all 4 times I gave this place a try! I really wanted to like this place, but there's just NO hope for it. Even though it's so conveniently close to my house and I often crave Korean, I have to say I will never be going back! There aren't enough words for the awfulness of the kimchi dolsot bibimbap, if you could even call it that. Not one bit of fresh vegetables, in fact there WERE NO veggies.. Just mushrooms!! What kind of bibimbap has no veggies?! The worst part was that they just threw a bunch of rice into kimchi stew! Bibimbap is supposed to be filled with various fresh and marinated veggies, with FRESH kimchi. They didn't even cook it in a stone pot (no crusty rice portion). Service was also unfriendly, both on the phone, as well as when I picked the order up. Terrible food + poor service = two inexcusable wrongs.
4 stars for the food...2 stars for the service. Thus, a 3! Came here on a Saturday afternoon and it was fairly empty. There was only one person taking orders and we tried to order at the counter. We were told we had to sit down and go through the "bringing of menus" process to order even though we knew exactly what we wanted. The Bi Bim Bap was decent sized and pretty good. For $11.95, it was worth it. The service continued to be slow and then when it was time to pay, they bring you the bill to your table but then expect you to walk to the front to pay. I was so confused by this since the entire time, they treated the experience like a sit down restaurant.
Just tried Han Korean "bistro" for lunch today and overall, it was just "bleh". Upon walking into the restaurant, which was semi-busy during the lunch rush, I noticed not one asian person behind the counter. How is this truly authentic Korean cuisine? Service: 2 out of 5 stars. It took FOREVER to get our drinks, which our waitress messed up my drink the first time around (it was just a coke). We were never asked once how are food and service was..the waiter/waitresses preferred talking instead. Food: NOT authentic Korean cuisine. Trust me, the quality of food is on point with mall food. Don't waste your time. Pricing: Overpriced for what they offer. Wouldn't come back again, being on University Avenue in Palo Alto doesn't mean you're a "bistro".
Sorry this place was not as Fine as I was hoping. Alarm bells were going off when my party was the only one there from 5.30 to 6.45. Other than the fly who was keeping us company... The fried pot stickers were good, I don't think you can go wrong with anything fried. The beef dish we ordered was chewy and the BBQ chicken was just OK.  Next!
I have no idea what is going on with these reviews, but this is not only the worst Korean restaurant I've ever eaten at, it is actually one of the worst restaurants I've eaten at period - that includes holes in the wall in Cambodia, Russia, Eastern Europe, Africa, etc.  It really is that bad. Ok, now that I got that out of my system, here are the details. It was late Sun. afternoon and I needed to get Korean takeout.  We live in Palo Alto.  Tofu House on El Camino was closed, and the stuff in Santa Clara was too far, so that left, after a quick Yelp search, Han. I ordered by phone and right then, I should have known something was wrong.  I asked for the soondubu jigae mild, and the person said that was impossible.  It was already all cooked.  I thought, that's odd, I've never had a Korean restaurant not be able to make it mild, and it's weird that they already cooked it, but, whatever.  So I went on to order a bunch of other dishes - 6-7 in total, then hopped in the car over. When I picked up the order, the person at the register had no idea how to retrieve my order or take payment.  So he called the cook in, who processed the order, then went back to cooking it.  Ok, that's fine.  About 10-15 min. later (and about 10 min. late), got the order, was happy. Went home, served the food, and that's where things fell apart. - Pajun: I have no idea what this was, but it wasn't pajun.  Even the Chinese guests at the meal were horrified.  It tasted like polenta. - Dukbokki: Tasted like rubber. - No banchan - nothing, nada - no kimchi, no chapchae, nothing. Ironically, the soondubu jigae was roughly acceptable; and the bibimbap was ok (hard to mess that one up), and the bulgogi was just passable. Overally, I consider Tofu House a 3.5 or so, Choi's in Santa Clara a 4-4.5, and this place, I would give a zero if I could. Steer clear.
I actually give this 3.53254641 stars. Is it 'authentic Korean' fare?  Well, I have no idea. What I do know is that we tried it as a little experiment, and my family was quite pleased with the results.  I ordered the Dol Sot Bibimbap, based purely on it sounding like it would be good, and in fact it was.  It was a nice balance of flavors with a lot of vegetables.  It was served in a hot pot that kept things hot and cooking throughout. Wifey ordered the udon noodles with beef, and was quite happy with it.  I'm thinking that sounds pretty Japanese to me, as opposed to Korean, but the result was still good. I saw a lot of people dining at Han Solo (heh heh), most of whom were asian-y.  Really, they were by themselves.  Like, 4 tables.  All asian.  Each alone.  They seemed quite into their food (and their iPads). I think we'll go back again.  Service was not memorable, but okay, I suppose. I was pleased to have a positive experience in this location that was once Palermo, Chicken Ranch, and the ill-fated Mint Leaf.  I will do more Korean food research and order something different next time.
Han's is really the only Korean restaurant in downtown restaurant. This place is good enough just for the convenience. The lunch specials are ok; they come with your choice of meat, with rice, a dumpling, salad, and kimchi. I like their kimchee bi bim bob, which also comes with your choice of meat.  But the portion is a little small so I'm never full after finishing it. Their tofu soon dobu isn't that great, so steer clear. I'd rather take the drive down to Santa Clara/Sunnyvale for good hot tofu. Their beef spare rib dinner is the most impressive. You basically get three of the full-length marinated ribs, Fred Flintstone style. Grab one with your hands and feel like a true carnivore!  It comes with rice and salad; you can also add a fried egg for some richness.
Ok, this is NOT authentic Korean food. I an not a stickler for authenticity IF IF IF the new concept is better.  But this is just a sloppy rendition of Korean food watered down for the "American palate."  This sort of thing could have been OK a while ago, but honestly, I think a progressive city like Palo Alto is way past the era of Americanized ethnic food.  I'm half Korean and grew up on this stuff. Food alone gets 2 stars, but the owner is super nice and its the only place to get soju on university avenue, so theres plus a star.  And as sad as it is, if you're really craving Korean food, this is better than nothing. Also, what the hell is a KIMCHI SAMPLER.  REALLY GUYS?  The first thing you should be doing is slapping kimchi on the table (preferably several types).  Its cheap and its very necessary.  I've heard several Korean people (including my Korean mother) basically be lke "what the f*ck?"  The cucumber thing is no oi-namul that a Korean would eat.  Way too vinegary.  Tastes much more like sunomono- japanese cucumber in vinegar.  Thank goodness they give you chopsticks! Here are the things which are less offensive to the person well-versed in Korean food: *Dolsot Bibimbap.  Hot stone rice with a bunch of toppings.  Can't screw this one up too badly. *Kimchi jjigae: a little toned down, but not bad. The ugly: (by no means a complete list) Kalbi has a mysterious sticky sauce thats like teriyaki.  Again, the original is just as easy to make here! Pork ribs are fine, but again, why this teriyaki-like starch sauce??  Marinate that shit in some gochujang and it'll be nomnom for sure. Seafood pancake (haemool pa-jun): is not crispy, floury, and a little burnt.  Hardly any seafood. Come on, Han's... I KNOW YOU CAN COOK REAL KOREAN FOOD!!  Just be brave and change the menu around.  You'll have more customers.  (I never see this place busy, and I can guess why...) PS- Tofu House in Palo Alto just down El Camino is pretty authentic and ALWAYS PACKED!
As someone form Sacramento, I was expecting good food from the bay area. Especially from a Korean Restaurant. I was kind of disappointed. they have way better Korean restaurant in Rancho Cordova where Sacramento is. Waiter; is 3 star (average). Great little white waiter sat us right away. Another waiter with glasses came and to take our order. Both waiters were ok. Nothing to make them really stand out. Environment: 5 stars. Nice and clean. Kinda small place, but a nice environment. They had a flat screen tv that was on kinda loud but it was because we sat right under it. Food: 1 star for effort. I've experience much better bbq beef bugolgi.  My friends bought other stuff and said they also said they've had better Korean food.  Their Korean side dishes (banchan) including kimchi was very lacking. The kimchi was ok, but there were only 6 total sides and very little in each dish.  Very lacking in this department, therefore resulting in the 1. The beef bugolgi I had had previous Korean places were more flavorful and the serving was more for cheaper. Cost: 1 star.  For Palo Alto the price may be ok (very expensive), but coming from someone who's had better for cheaper, one star is being fair. Would I eat here again? No way!
I seriously am impressed every time I come in. I told my family about Han Fine Korean and my parents went in and were blown away. My sister who is a graduated culinary student loves the food too! Don't miss out on this place!!
Loved the food and the service soo much that I ate it for lunch and dinner in one day!!!!! The bento... Read more 
Good luck getting any service after receiving your food.  My girlfriend and I shared the bi bim bab and the beef short rib.  The short rib was tasteless and the bi bim bab was not crunchy at all.  All bi bim bab is supposed to be crunchy; however, ours was simply steamed rice with the vegetables and beef.  After receiving our food the server disappeared to the bathroom into another dimension as I never saw him again.  I don't mind paying a lot of money for good food and service, but the prices just do not justify the quality of either.
HORRIBLE SERVICE, DOUCHE BAG WAITER, NEVER GOING BACK THERE, EVER AGAIN! If you know me, then you know I'm all about the service. And this place TOTALLY blew it! The waiter was a complete asshole who yelled at me from behind the counter because he took the wrong order and had to send the food back.  How is it my fault when you can't even take the orders correctly? It made my friend and I totally uncomfortable eating our food when he finally brought out the right order. Food itself wasn't bad, but the waiter... he needs to be replaced!
Clean place but small. Waitress looked a little mean and suspicious of me when i tried to use the bathroom. Very americanized food. Affordable, but not the cheapest place. Took a while for food to come out even though i was the only one in the restaurant who ordered (2 couples were already eating and paying the check).  Waitress smashed plate of food jn front of me.
This place is nice, clean, and most of all, the food is VERY good and fresh! The prices are reasonable too! I came here yesterday in the afternoon and no one was there, but that was perfect for me! That's not a bad sign btw at all! Anyways, I had the seafood Korean pancake (I forgot the actual name for it), and it was REALLY good! The waiter there was nice and explained to me what was in it. For those of you not familiar with Korean food, try it if you like seafood! It has a bunch of different seafood in it. There were a ton of clams, calamari, and other stuff that I can't recall in it along with a bunch of vegetables and a tasty batter. I got that as an appetizer although it's not an appetizer. I think it was $7.95. The portion was huge as you can see by my pic. BTW, it didn't come out quite like that, I took a bite of it before I took the pic, lol. It was delicious! For the entree, I got the beef bugoli? I forgot the exact name of the dish, but it was beef cooked on a hot iron plate with onions and cabbage. It came with a side of pickled cucumbers, kim chee, and pickled bean sprouts. The kim chee was really good! The service was fairly quick and attentive. I would've given this place five stars if it weren't for the fact that this other guy who I think was the cook/waiter didn't box up my leftovers. Most places box up stuff for you, so I didn't like that but left a 15% tip anyways. I plan to come back soon, so that's another reason that I left a tip. They also said bye to me and were nice enough. Also, they have a few tables outside in the front. They do serve alcohol here. They have Korean, Chinese, and Anchor Steam beer here as well as some Korean drink, soju I think as well as some wine and a fairly good selection of non alcoholic drinks. Parking is around the corner and you can park there for free for two hours.
I've definitely had better Korean BBQ before but this is pretty good as well. The wait for Cheesecake Factory was too long so we went across the street to Han instead. The Bi bim bap is alright, and we kept adding more hot sauce because even after mixing the thin layer of meat on top, it still seemed like too much plain rice. The bulgogi was pretty good as well, not much at all for what you pay, but that's Korean restaurants for you.
If you want any remotely close to authentic Korean food, do not come here. But if you are craving Korean food, as I was, and you are stuck on University Avenue, unfortunately this is your only choice. Maybe you should ask your tummy if Thai will do instead. There are several good Thai restaurants down the street. The food is not bad. It's decent and quick. But the banchan is quite pathetic ... three tiny portions of kimchee, bean sprouts, and cucumbers. The service is to-be-desired. And, when I stopped in, the TV was oddly tuned to a Texas-version of the Bachelorette. If you don't mind driving a few miles south or several miles north, you can find much better Korean options including Tofu House.
I feel like this place, if no fast and revolutionary changes done to the quality, menu & pricing, will just remain a restaurant that most people walk by.  Located directly across the Apple store, it was what was most convenient , and I decided to try it out, knowing that I would probably be over paying, even if the food was good. But it's worst if you over pay and the food was only edible.  I know that sounds harsh, but.. #1, I really wanted Calbi Tang or Calbi Jim and when I ordered it, the manager or waiter informed me that they don't have it because it takes too long to cook (!?!?)~ is that way it's priced at $15.99, so that nobody would order it? It would be highly advisable to remove items you don't serve off of the menu..I just stared at him incredulously. #2 So not getting my choice of entree and forced to order something I didn't really want, I asked for Hot Tea (usually free else where...) he told me it was a la carte, which dropped my jaw while I stared at him incredulously ...and he noticed this, and offered complimentary hot tea.  It was very nice of him, but $2 for hot tea is really a rip off for me..it's just hot water, and a tea bag! If you get a *nice* 24pack of tea bags at $7 dollars, each tea bag is .29... and you want to sell me water and a tea bag for $2..? The overall experience was really disappointing for me~ I don't know why I was expecting just because the restaurant is open on a prime location, I assumed the food had to be decent in order for it to remain in business. It's a real pity, because the location is awesome.
Good food, fast service, clean, decent prices and it's close to my work. I'm a fan of this place. The Bibimbap is delicious. I wish they would give you kimchi while you wait though.
I went there one and took a Dol Sot Bi Bim Bap. It may not be authentic Korean food, but it's actually excellent, even though it's a little bit pricey. It's conveniently located and offers tasty food.
Korean cuisine? Not even close. Unfortunately, Han was the closest "Korean" restaurant to Stanford, so by default, my parents and I ended up there. The veggies in my dolsot bibimbap were limp, and the chicken tasted more like teriyaki chicken, less like korean BBQ. Dish was salty too. Dduk boki was eh. My mom's unagi was the only entree my parents seemed to somewhat enjoy... and it's not even Korean.
I've only ever tried their house special bi bim bap, but that in itself is enough to keep me coming back! Usually I can never finish a whole bowl, but I always scrape the bowl clean when I come here. The bi bim bap with pork or chicken is especially delicious with the spicy sauce (it's not sriracha, but a milder version). There is a generous helping of veggies, meat, and egg. I always have my order taken quickly and never have had to wait long for the food. It's a nice, casual little place that's perfect for lunch or dinner with a friend or just to stuff your face when you're out and really hungry.
As many people have said before, there are WAY better Korean places a short drive away. Hence the 2 star rating. The only thing Han has going for it is that its the only Korean establishment in downtown PA. I will say that if you've never had Korean food before, this would be a good place to test out the waters, since it is very Americanized (ie: ZERO spice, sweeter than usual, and pretty tame menu). SERVICE: The two staff members on hand were nice enough. I think one was the manager/owner? The other was a fairly new hire-- he didn't even know what banchan was when I asked him for it! AMBIANCE: Nice airy space, as is typical of a restaurant on University. Rent must be pretty high. FOOD: A variety of food was ordered, including a garden fresh bibimbap, dol sot bibimbap, and bulgogi. As others have mentioned, the offerings of banchan is pretty pitiful when compared to other Korean restaurants. I think some of the dishes are competitively priced (ex: soondubu for ~$11), while others are $$$ (ex: $17 for mediocre bbq?!). What I had/tried: - Dduk bok ki: Stir fried rice cakes (Korean style sticks rather than flat cakes) in chili paste. I love rice cakes. This particular version was fine, except that it was way too SALTY. - Beef soondubu: Total opposite problem from the dduk bok ki-- SO BLAND. It was pretty ridiculous actually, how tasteless the whole thing was. I ended up "washing" my rice cakes and veggies in J's soondubu to make both dishes more palatable. OVERALL: There are far better Korean restaurants a few minutes drive away. Sadly for Han, I won't be back.
Just one of the number of restaurants on University Ave. I was recommended by a friend to come here to eat. I ordered the beef ribs, which I found to be better than most foods on University Ave., but when compared to other Korean restaurants in the area, such as So Gong Dong Tofu House, I was disappointed with not only the flavour, but also the proportions and price! I will say that the servers are nice, but the service can be ridiculously slow even when it's not very busy. I also like that it's super clean and not dim-lit. For people who want to fill up on food, I'd suggest ordering the bibimbap or another dish.
I've been craving some Korean food of late and just happened to be across the street from Han's the other day. I stopped in for a late lunch and ordered one of my favorite dishes: bibimbap in a hot stone pot.  The stone pot was pipin' hot and the food was presented like I remember in Korea.  I just wish the meal came with a couple of sides or some kimchi, but oh well.  I also gave Han's three stars because the meat portion of the dish was pretty small and there was stuff floating in my glass of water (and another customer's too). If you're on University Avenue and want some Korean, I guess this works.  Otherwise, stick to K-town in Sunnyvale.
I don't know. I didn't really expect this place to be authentic Korean food you'd get from a Korean household so I find it funny that so many reviewers expected this place to be.  I mean they serve sandwiches with home made potato chips (which by the way was tasty) here. Authentic Korean food, I think not. However I did enjoy my dinner at Han's the other night. The menu has definitely had a major redo since the Hahn's Hibachi I remember several years back. I'm not sure when Hahn's closed and when exactly Han's opened up but so far I'm liking the change. I had the dukbokki and a bowl of bimbimbap. The dukbokki sauce was a teensy bit on the bland side for me but I did opt for "mild" rather than "spicy". Other than that the rice cakes were chewy and although different than my mom's dukbokki, I liked it. Bimbimbap I feel should have had more ingredients. This was definitely too bland for me and I don't really like my food that spicy to begin with. The red hot paste wasn't even enough but you figure they have to cater towards those who dont' eat spicy PERIOD. Nevertheless, it was edible. The hubs had the sandwich and the homemade chips (mentioned above) and he enjoyed it. The homemade chips aren't crispy but were soggy and oily and I ended up helping myself to most of it. It was cooked just like how I like my fries cooked. Soggy and soft. lol Definitely not the best representation of Korean food but I would definitely return if I was in the area.
If you really must eat Korean food in downtown Palo Alto, this would be your only option...which is sad. I would rather drive down to Tofu House on El Camino Real for a more authentic, tastier and slightly more affordable meal. We had the tofu soup (soon dubu) and grilled chicken, accompanied by a small portion of kimchi. Both dishes did not impress, and we wished there were more variety to the banchan. The decor could certainly improve, but the location is arguably what makes this restaurant popular. I see many yelpers commenting on good service, but when we went, the guy seemed more preoccupied with his laptop than his customers. SUM: We could use another Korean restaurant on University Ave for sure.
Han isn't really a Korean restaurant.  The banchan came with our meal, not before, and the wang galbi sauce tasted very sweet, like a cross between actual galbi sauce and American BBQ. In fact, the wang galbi was translated with some other English name, and when we ordered it, asking for "Wang Galbi", the waited had no idea what we were asking for.  Apparently he wasn't even aware of the name of the dish. If you want something besides Korean food, this might be a good option, but if you want Korean food, go to a Korean restaurant.  There are many in the area.
Open and airy-perfect for lunch on a sunny California day. And, even with a 4 star rating, I had my choice of tables for lunch. Have I stumbled upon a secret 'local' gem hiding out in the open? I was greeted with a loud friendly hello and given my choice of tables. Up front and in the open, perfect for people watching. The waiter was there immediately, helpful in choosing something not too hot on this upper 80s day. I ordered chicken potstickers and beef chop chei. Note: there's a lunch menu on the back page of the regular menu (my waiter did point that out). And it includes a bowl of miso soup, and, as I discovered later, a salad and a couple vegetarian potstickers. The side order of potstickers were out as I finished taking my review pics. Wow! Tasty, too. I listened to a couple college girls walk by, commenting on how a shop they had just visited was so expensive, and had to chuckle. "I don't know how they stay in business," one gal said, her friend agreeing. Palo Alto may be a college town, with Stanford University's beautiful campus spreading out to the west of town. But honestly, when I think Palo Alto, I think Apple Computers, Silicone Valley, the expensive mansions lining the hills, and the expensive, luxurious short stay apartments that lurk a block off University Ave., catering to executives and high end contractors doing business with the plethora of tech companies in the area. That said, the quality of my meal here at Han's, combined with the stunning low price (under $8 for the lunch, not including drink or appetizer), is fit for a broke student as well as a successful tech exec. Combined with a really pleasant atmosphere, tasty food and super-attentive wait staff, Han's really hits the mark in this town. Kamsahamnida!
Man, I thought I was going to be the first one to review this place!  The Vietnamese restaurant closed down and I'm not surprise, it was bland food with not so friendly person running it. Koreans are kicking my people's butt. Han, however is nice seasoned food with friendly people. Heard others saying, "thank you, nice service" while we came in. Our waitress and the guy was very friendly. My udon soup had plentiful items in it. The broth was more flavorful than any udon I had ever had but just a bit salty, not a lot. I can tell this place will be successful, if they keep up with the quality of food, because the front of the house had two capable, friendly server and the restaurant is a nice open style cafe. And when you finish there's Michael's Gelato & Cafe next door to cool the spices.
Horrible. The worst Korean restaurant I've been to in the Bay Area. The whole experience was bad. Food alone is probably 2.5 stars at best. But the service was the worst I've ever had ever since some Chinese restaurant people on Clement st. literally threw plates on my table. Korean restaurants usually provide better services to Koreans, but I had a really shitty service. I wonder how they treat non-Koreans here. I bet some of the naive mexican waiters could be nice, but they don't know shit what's going on other than getting orders or water. No banchan if you order bento specials. Yes. I hear you. I didn't order bento. Waiter could not respond and rather dumbfounded (seriously? if you have a rule stick to it, then it means give banchan on our table), asked for a Korean manager. I am a Korean but I was with non-Korean speakers so I somehow ended up speaking English to him. He knew I was a Korean and I knew he was a Korean in the first glance. He showed all kinda temper and said "Okay if you want banchan I give you banchan". WTF! So I got three shitty banchan: cucumber in vinegar (note: not pickled), almost raw bean sprouts, and kimchi full of msg. Later, the same mexican waiter checked back on our table if we needed anything else: my friend said "more banchan, please." He was dumbfounded again. So, she then said: "I was just kidding. You are boss is too much of a jerk about it." A bitter smile of acknowledgment from the waiter. Also the price they charge is ridiculous for the taste. Just drive a couple more minutes and find better Korean ones else where. Or try any other good restaurants in Palo Alto. My dol-sot had average ingredients, and the pepper-paste sauce was sour and sweet... Not spicy. They had a vietnamese sambal on the table. Should I use that in my Korean dish? Oh lemon water. Nice touch... Is this a vietnamese/thai place? Their foods are at least $3 more expensive than other regular restaurants with better settings. Just a note: we were the only Asians during the lunch hour. No wonder some of the reviews scored this place high. I am a Korean and I know Korean food. This place sucks a$$.
Not the BEST.  Obviously, the korean in Santa Clara is where you go for that, but not too shabby. I would say to stay away from the bul gol gi.  However, we ordered the jiggaes and the dulsot bi bim bop and both were pretty good. The ban chan is...ok.  But it's decent and if you don't feel like driving all the way out to Santa Clara it's a good choicel
This is by no means the best Korean food you will ever have, but it's still a nice addition to University Ave. Relatively inexpensive, very tasty food, friendly service, and a much-improved location to the old Hahn's Hibachi on Ramona. $8.95 lunch specials. A convenient, accessible, non-threatening option for those who (heaven forbid) have never tried Korean BBQ. BTW they are closed on Mondays.  :(
I didn't have a good feeling with this restaurant, but we tried it anyway, unfortunately, my intuition is right, I can sum up the whole experience with one word, "Blah". Food is boring, we both had the bento boxes, both the beef and pork came out lukewarm, the beef tasted like beef jerky and the salad is bland, the gyoza is super dry. They also gave you a few slices of cucumber and a bit of rice, the Benito box is big, but the food portions are very small. I felt like we were eating some types of rations. The only positive about this place, they have outdoor dining. Other than that, I can't think of anything that is attractive enough for us to go back.
Went here in June -- we must have beat the dinner rush because I think we were the only people in the entire restaurant.  I ordered the unagi, and was greeted with a filleted and barbecued eel probably bigger than my face.  The quality of the eel was so-so -- I tasted mostly sauce, and there were tons of little bones that kept getting lodged in my throat.  It was also $16 -- I ended up with leftovers, but it was still somewhat pricey.  The service was unremarkable. I suppose Han's is fine if you're at Stanford and too tired/poor/bikeless to do anything except take the free shuttle to University Avenue, but given the choice again I'd rather hop a few buses to get to the SGD Tofu House in Mountain View.
Can satisfy a Korean food craving well. Not the best Korean food you'll ever get, but not bad. I had dduk mandu guk, and it hit the spot. Their banchan isn't that generous and is missing some key dishes. Will likely return. Convenient to have this place so close by, esp when I don't feel like driving all the way to Sunnyvale for Korean food.
I was a fan of their old location on Ramona, and was glad to see them get a prime spot on University.  Had been meaning to try it out, and just got the chance the other night. It's good to see that they now give you some free kimchi dishes to munch on; always thought that was an easy thing to do and something the other place was lacking. I ordered the dol sot bi bim bap with chicken, my favorite and the only thing I ever ordered at the old location.  It was decent, but the rice was too wet.  It didn't crunch up at all on the hot stone bowl like it's supposed to.  All the flavors were there, but it just wasn't the same. The service was good; the staff seemed to be short but they made the best of it and I didn't feel ignored.  And I like the open air feel of the place. My final thoughts: it's not the best Korean restaurant, that's for sure.  I have heard the other Han locations around the Bay are much better.  But it's also not the worst Korean restaurant either.  It's just okay.
Appalling panchan imho, though Kim chee was ok The seafood soondoobu had very little seafood. I like to see a whole prawn and clams in their shell in the pot...I prefer tofu house on el camino I may come back for the dolsot bi bim bop if i have a craving and don't want to drive too far
The food here isn't bad, but it's not good either. I've had much better, and more authentic Korean.  I ordered the super rib combination for $17.95. I always order Kalbi whenever I had korean food, but the kalbi here was rather bland and the meat not as tender as I've had it almost everywhere else. The rest of the ribs I didn't even bother with because they looked even less appetizing than the kalbi. One of my friend's had the soup and while I didn't taste it, it at least looked more appetizing than what I ordered.
what do i know of authentic korean food? nothing. i have red hair and freckles. but i am a vegetarian and i love the bi bim bop...so much so that my mouth waters just writing that. the service is spotty, meaning sometimes great, sometimes not so much. but the bi bim bop with tofu is always great and so is the people watching if you sit right in front.
I'm not sure how this place ended with 3. 5 stars. I'm hardly willing to give it 2. For all the Korean goodness that can be had on the Bay, why on earth would anyone come to this place? While this is the only Korean in Downtown Palo Alto, I would suggest you crave something else or just get in the car and drive elsewhere. First I'll start with what was ok:  service.  That's about it. Portions were small, beef was over-marinated with sugar.  Prices were expensive.  Walked out of there with the feeling I had been ripped off. About the only way I'd come back here is if all the Korean places in Sunnyvale closed down, or someone wanted to treat me here and I wasn't daring enough to say 'no'.
This storefront, in the past, seemed to be cursed with rapid turnover of proprietors... anyone remember The Chicken Ranch or the random Indian restaurant that used to be here?  It seems that, with this being the only Korean restaurant on University, Han Fine Cuisine may be staying alive by cornering this particular market. And, this is probably one of the main reasons that we come to this restaurant.  The food is not terribly authentic -- everything looks almost right, and tastes almost right, but there's something that isn't quite there.  The fact of the matter is, if you're at this end of downtown Palo Alto, this restaurant does provide a different type of food -- just don't expect great food here.  Despite this, we find ourselves at this restaurant at least once every month or so.  The kim chi sampler is a great accompaniment to any menu item.  The  tofu tempura is another good appetizer, as are the pot stickers.  If you're a fan of soba, you can request that it be used for any of the noodle soup dishes.  The chop chae is a bit over spiced if you get it with chicken or beef, but the vegetarian version is just about perfect. The restaurant, itself, is a nice, clean, and proper place.  The decor is a bit minimal, with obviously un-Korean prints on the walls.  The wait staff is attentive and prompt.  And, if they have it in stock, the check comes with sticks of melon-flavored gum.  I suppose you could say that the entire restaurant is inoffensive. It may sound like I'm underselling this restaurant... but, for what it's worth, it is a change of pace I keep going back to!
I guess this is what happened to Hahn's Hibachi when they moved locations. And if that's the case, I'm hella disappointed. :( Yes, Hahn's Hibachi was never real Korean cuisine, but they did they their quirks that kept me coming back, especially their cucumber radishes. Han seems to have streamlined the menu to displease me. Grr. Yea, I'll probably be back, but I can guarantee you that I won't ever be truly satisfied. Now only if Oakland wasn's so damned far, I could get my pseudo-Korean fix.
I have not had anything else, but the Dol Sot Bi Bim Bap with bbq pork is amazingly delicious. I scrape every last piece of slightly-crispy rice out of the bowl. Last time we were there, they also brought out a free plate of various pickled and sweet vegetables. These were delicious as well.
If you want authentic Korean food, this is not the place to go to.  I've experienced way better Korean  food.  The service there is slow and not too friendly .  The first time I went here I ordered beef udon, I've never taste anything more salty than this.  The last time I was there I ordered Beef Spareribs,  what a dissapointment again.  The food came out cold, and all I can see on the spareribs was fat.  Don't think I will be coming back to this place.
My girlfriend and I ate here about a month ago. We really enjoyed our experience. I had one of the rice claypot dishes which was really tasty. They set out a few dishes of random vegetables as an appetizer, which we enjoyed. I always enjoy it when the restaurant sets out some signature starters. It adds a certain level of class to this korean diner-style place. I also had a crisp and refreshing Korean beer, which added to the whole experience of eating Korean food (which we are somewhat new to). PROs: 1) Attentive service 2) Tasty comfort food 3) Nice open front 4) Korean beer CONs: 1) The food is good, not "Wow!" good. 2) Overall appearance of tabls and chairs is a bit rag-tag for University Ave but maybe I'm being frumpy. Will go back.
I ordered the beef bento box.  It came with a salad, two potstickers and beef over rice.  The beef and rice was cooked perfectly, but it was a little bland.  I tried to add a little soy sauce and I overdosed.  Han's had a fancy soy sauce container that spills sauce out at a rate of 2 tablespoon per second. The place feel very new and clean.
When we first went late last year, it felt as if the Korean food we had just ordered wasn't "Korean" enough...as in the spicy pork was not spicy at all, at least not what I was used to. Side dishes such as gyoza and tempura were good, but some of the main dishes were a disappointment...it was missing some Korean essence. Their Kal-bi Jim, however, was fabulous, with very tasty and tender chunks of kal-bi in delicious soup. Fast forward a few months we decided to stop by again for their fabulous FBI (fried banana ice cream) and we found out there was a new menu, along with some changes in taste and spices. I asked our waiter (which we found out later was the owner) if I could have my Kal-Bi Jim extra spicy, and I'll be damned if I've ever had anything else that tasted so good in my life...no exaggeration! We've become regulars now that the "Korean essence" is now back, and while the Kal-bi Jim isn't cheap ($15), it is well worth every penny, and the fabulous fried banana ice cream, at $6, is the deal of the century!
A quick lunch on off-peak hours mid-week.   No waiting for table, fast and friendly service and a good deal on a BBQ lunch special.  The food was good, but I doubt I'd choose this place for dinner with all the choices on University Ave.    I would have lunch here without hesitation.
The owner is extremely friendly, compared to the crazy woman who worked at the location when it used to be Mint Leaf... so I feel terrible about leaving this review, but the food is really nothing special. She gave me free kimchi because I spoke Korean to her, but otherwise you'd have to pay for it. For bibimbop all the individual veges need to be sateed separately before putting in the bowl. I think some of them were just blanched and some even raw. Never thought it's possible to make bad bibimbop, but I was wrong... Maybe I will have to go help out at the kitchen a few times to help them reinvent some recipes. Or they should at least stick to the "tradition."
The sizzling hot pot is to die for here, even better than at the Tofu House several miles away.  Sure, Han's Korean food is never meant to be truly authentic, but then again, there are very few authentic Korean restaurants within the 10 mile radius. Han's owners always greet you with a happy smile, and they work hard to ensure you have a good experience here.  On a sunny day, you have this open airy dining area to watch the world go by.  On a colder day, you get to have some Korean grilled ribs or Tofu soup, what's not to love?!
Hot bim bam bop with unagi after a harrowing trip to IKEA last night. Just drive down University Ave, plenty of street parking on a Thursday night. It's an unassuming place, and I actually really liked that after all the overly self-conscious restaurants in San Francisco. Here, the food was good, service was excellent, and the decor works.
I came to Han Korean Bistro today for lunch and will definitely be back! The short story: -We ordered the chicken potstickers appetizer and they were excellent! Some of the best potstickers I've ever had and I really enjoyed the sauce they came with. It had a nice tanginess to it and complimented the dish well. -We also ordered the vegetable tempura plate and it was good as well. -I got the BBQ chicken Bento box for lunch and my friend got the beef. I got the better deal- the chicken was cooked nicely, had a good little "grilled" flavor to it and I loved that it came with rice, a few potstickers (yay for me!), a little salad and some cucumbers that had a little pizzazz to them. I also tried my friends bbq beef and it too was wonderful; not quite as good as the chicken, but a close second. All in all, the service was friendly and fast and the food was delish. They also accept BlingTags, which is great since it makes paying so quick and effortless. So, we'll be back.....hopefully soon.
Never heard of this place before then night we came here. Good amount of space, and the staff was really nice. Dinner was good and very filling. I recommend having the Hae Mul Pa Jun, a pancake like appetizer with veggies and seafood. My friend and I split the  BBQ Beef Bul Go Ki, thinly sliced rib-eye with onions. It's a really kick-back place to have drinks and food and have a good conversation with friends. Would recommend going to this place again.
Huge hot pot of sizzling Bi Bam Bop with unagi? Yes, and quite well-executed. Pleasant waitressing. Clean bathroom. Han gets our nod. Recommended? = Yeah.
Since I was dining alone, I had a bento box here which was pretty underwhelming....to be fair, it probably isn't their best dish, but it is what I ordered.  Friendly staff, though, and nice location on University.
Late night? In a rush? Need something warm, and yummy? Han always comes through for me on all three fronts. Good specials, good service, cozy atmosphere, and pretty cheap. I vote yes! I always enjoy my meals here. Try it! :D
The best thing going for Han's is that it is a Korean Restaurant on University Ave.  I work downtown and we needed some variety. The food is just fine, especially is you don't drench it with sauces and just enjoy the flavor of the fresh ingredients.  I have enjoyed BiBimBop hot clay pot ($10.95) twice, and the "bento" ($8.95) once.  The BiBimBop is not what i'm used to but it prolly is authentic somewhere, just not compared to home-cooked style (Like Edo's mom makes).  Maybe the issue is that the serving is nicely balanced, and I prefer mucho rice.  Also, I like my egg fried, not over-hard.  Tasty dish not requiring addition of too much sauce.  Burnt rice effect is awesome.  Portions are adequate.  I am never hungry when I leave. But for what you are served, the cost is almost excessive. The bento was tasty and enjoyable, but not memorable, and I would need to order it again to even remember what it consisted of (Oh yeah, those potsticker-looking things). My two cents into the pickles discussion - The pickles are prolly about as authentic as the pickles at Miyake are Japanese.  In any case I don't like paying $1.00 for Kimchee when a bottle of Kohala Spicy costs $4 at the grocery.  Likewise at every Japanese restaurant I have been to, I can't see paying a premium for tsukemono (pickles) I can make at home that I know could be given away at little cost to the owner.  Agreed that Tofu House gives more pickles, but the atmosphere at Han's is nicer. The atmosphere is great right now.  Full but not overcrowded, say, like Sprout down the street.  All the patrons seem really happy every time I go.  I've gone with friends twice and alone once.  Not too noisy for talking, but you don't feel out of place with a book at the table. The service is fine, and you get the requisite melon gum with your check. All-in-all, if Han's cut their prices by one or two dollars, I'd go more often.  There is a big menu to dig into, but not at $15 a pop for lunch.  Still, I've been three times in the last month, and plan to return again.  Well worth trying, especially when you can't decide where to go for lunch downtown. Three stars plus one for being filling a long-empty niche downtown.
Awesome, fresh, authentic Korean food is what they've got. If you ask nicely, the chef will even whip up some champong with udon noodles, vegetables, and lots of delicious shellfish.  And the perfect amount of spice.  Everything I have had here has been superb and I highly recommend you check it out. They are a bit understaffed during lunch but it's quieter at night.  And it's right across from the Apple store.  Hollah.
This place is good but very Americanized. This was apparent to me and validated by my Korean American friend. It's decently priced with a good amount of options. The restaurant itself is small but it makes for a cozy atmosphere. My friend and I went on a Friday evening but we were seated right away and the restaurant wasn't packed in spite of its size. The waiter seemed a bit busy but he was good. I had  a cup of Miso soup for an appetizer and the Chap Chae with beef as an entree. You can get the Chap Chae in several varieties...entree, another size (not on the menu), or the bento box. I got the bento special so it came with cucumber salad and 2 fried potstickers. It was a nice combo and the beef was DELICIOUS. I ate it all up right away. I don't eat Korean food a lot so the noodles were tasty but a little difficult to eat. The gummy texture was new to me but I liked it.  And the portion of noodles was plentiful - I couldn't finish it all. My friend got a sizzling pot of bim bap which she enjoyed and her being Korean, I take this as a good sign. I also really like the potatoes that came as one of the little side dishes. Kind of reminded me of a classy version of tater tots. Didn't have room for dessert but I noticed they had FBI (fried banana dessert) and Banana Foster. I wouldn't mind going back to give that a try. Overall this place was good and I would go back but nothing spectacular about it. Added bonus? Right across from the Apple store so we got to check out the new iPad after dinner. Sweet.
The chap chae I ordered with beef was delicious! The sides of bean sprouts and kimchi were kind of sad looking, but tasted okay. I will definitely be back to try some other dishes.
Not authentic, but I like the Bibimbap for lunch. Other than that, I don't really know why people come here. I have ordered other things on the menu and they are awful to be frank. Dolsat Bibimbap or nothing folks, so many good options in PA. Oh and kinda overpriced to boot!
I checked this place out last weekend with the girlfriend just walking around University Ave. We were both looking for something with a little spice and flavor, but weren't really feeling the many Thai (because we eat it all the time) or European restaurants. We saw this place and decided to check it out, and I'm glad we did! It definitely satisfied what we were craving for. My girlfriend got a short ribs combo lunch box and I got a bbq chicken steam bowl thing with vegetables and rice (forgot what it's called), and they were both delicious! Service was good too, definitely want to come back and try again!
it is more like fusion cuisine~ soba salad is my ordinary, unagi is good also!!!
This is only for take-out. The portion was small but tastes okay!
Great Korean food. Very authentic. The server we had was great very friendly. Defiantly will be back.
I've eat here for the past 5 years and they have some of the best korean BBQ Short ribs i've ever eaten!!! All their meat dishes are excellent, and their portion to price ratio is awesome!!!
This place is just OK for me. Ordered the chicken udon noodle hot soup and wish there were more vegetables in the broth. A little odd since it seemed like the chicken was grilled on the bbq and thrown into the soup. Fast service though. They were able to accommodate a group of 17 of us for a company lunch. Next time, I have to order that hot rice dish with steak and poached egg. Looked amazing and wish I had ordered that instead. Will give this place another try.
The service is great here! But... I don't think I picked the right thing. Lol! I had picked something that looked like a pizza but wasn't. I shoulda asked. But I picked at my Honey's plate which was amazing! It was a chicken sandwhich, I shoulda went with that! It seemed safe! I am still going to give this place another shot =)
My friend's roommate, who is Korean, suggested this restaurant. To be absolutely honest, I am surprised by this place. it's hard to find decent Korean food in a predominantly American culture of Palo Alto. My friend and I both ordered the Bi Bim Bop and it was good. I just wished the rice was less mushy and the stone pot was just a tad hotter because I like me some crispy rice. The side dishes are decent. Overall I believed we paid about $16, which is decent for Palo Alto I suppose and Korean food is on the higher end now a days. I would come back if I was in the area and craving Korean food.
I've been going to this place for a few years now, and it has always been ok (never stellar) but never had a horrible experience either until tonight. Usually it's a waiter that serves my food, but tonight it was a waitress who seemed to hate her job. From the moment I walk in, no acknowledgement, not a greeting .... just walked over to my table, dropped a menu and walked away. She did not even offer water. 10 minutes later, she walks back, and asked "what's your order?" ... still no greeting, not a smile and still no enthusiasm. I'm usually considerate of the fact that waiting tables is a hard job especially on a busy night. But there were only 3 tables with 5 people at the restaurant tonight. So I ordered a beef bowl in broth, and she said "we don't have that" (but it was on the menu. I ordered a bento plate, same response "we don't have that" (also  on the menu, I forgot they only serve it during lunch time). I asked what do they have, and she said everything else aside from my 2 previous requests. So I ordered Bul Go ki, and thankfully they have it. She walks away, without reading back my order, and went back to the cashier's desk. I'm annoyed at this point. So I watched and observed her. This waitress, is apparently busy on her phone (texting/email/words with friends???), and that's probably why she seems too pre-occupied. She wouldn't look at her customers, and when I tried calling her attention, she looks over and looks back at her phone. It's possible that she didn't see me, since she's so busy with her phone. So when my order was delivered to my table, with a glass of water. I asked her for a bottle of water, and she asked me back "you don't want this water?". Which I replied I don't. She gets me a bottle of water, puts it on the table, and starts walking away. I looked at the bottle, and it was muddied and called her attention. I asked her to replace it with a clean bottle, and she walks away (no apologies). She comes back this time with a clean bottle then walks away (still no apologies). And the whole time I sat there, not even once did this lazy server ask how my food was. Ms Waitress, if you don't like your job, find a new one and don't ruin my dinner next time.... on a second thought, I would probably not return to this restaurant.
This Korean joint is mediocre. Their side dishes are not very authentic or tasty. However, their bibimbap was good and tasty, but I feel that it's not too hard to mess that up. I think that they cooked the main dishes well, but not as well as the Tofu House on El Camino and I usually measure my Korean restaurants by how good their side dishes are.
Ever since Hahn's Hibachi closed on Ramona and relocated to University Avenue under a different name, I've always walked past the new location but never ventured inside. Today was the day, and I was pleasantly surprised by their delicious hearty offerings. I went to lunch really early today at 11:15am which is unusual from my normal 2pm ones because of a short day. As I walked in through the glass door outlined by wood, I immediately noticed how bright and airy the restaurant was. The dining room was warm and inviting surrounded by lite yellow walls, long cushioned booth, tables with a metal tabletop finish, and a bright skylight positioned in the middle of the room. There wasn't anybody in the restaurant except the cashier/waiter so he let me sit where ever I wanted. He presented me a menu and I ordered their Bento Special: Chop.Chae Noodles with beef and no onions. I also asked for hot water as my beverage. The waiter kindly asked if I didn't want onions in my miso soup and I confirmed. As I waited for my lunch to be prepared, I noticed several non-framed pictures on the wall. There were pictures of a Japanese Taiko drummer, a still of forest tree tops blowing in the wind, monks lounging around, Japanese tea gardens, and wide angles of temples and Buddhas. When the name of the restaurant says Han's Korean & More, the More meant other countries in Asia because of the wide variety of dishes and pictures. When the waiter brought out my food, the presentation was simple yet elegant. Similar to a traditional square bento box, this one was rectangular. There were two small rectangular sections; one for the beef noodles and one for the salad joined by a tiny condiment cup containing pickled cucumbers. [see pic] The clear noodles were engulfed in a sweet broth mixed with shredded carrots cucumbers and sauteed with marinated beef. With every bite, I inhaled steam causing an aggravated cough, but I knew if I was 100% healthy, this wouldn't have happened. Yet, I still enjoyed the flavorful noodles because it was hot and the temperature outside was cold. The side green salad had a nice tangy miso dressing drizzled on top. Two pan fried pot stickers were also included which were tasty and crunchy. Total bill including tax before tip was $ 9.78 Overall, Han's Korean & More met up to my expectations of a good hearty meal. I'd go back and bring friends to share my new discovery. I thoroughly enjoyed the silence of being the only patron in the restaurant. Instead of a fortune cookie, the waiter gave me a stick of Korean Melon Gum that always lasts only one chewing minute. That in itself is priceless!
Oh waiter waiter if you are having a bad bad cough please take the night off or at least cover your coughs.  Eeeeewwww.
My old favorite Palermo will never be replaced but people keep trying. First  a Vietnamese place, then a Thai place, and now a Korean place. I do have to admit the dearth of Korean in the immediate area is high. Couldn't hurt to have another right? Well I guess if that's what you really want this maybe suitable. The space hasn't changed much since the other two establishments and when I was running some errands I dropped in for a late lunch. People are pretty friendly, space is mostly empty as they've been only open for a few days. Standard Korean fare, BBQ, Bi Bam Bop, Tofu soup, and some sandwiches thrown into the mix. Started with the seafood pancakes which came out like a personal pizza and it had carrots in it which I wasnt used to. Decent flavor and crispness with a tangy dipping sauce. Then got a short rib kalbi and that was ok too but not all that inspiring. I think  I make a better marinade at home frankly, but then it wasn't awful. The props however go to the fact that the cut of meat was super tender. The kicker? this place isn't cheap. Two items and and ice tea, tax, tip came out to be $30. I know, lots of good things to be had for that much, so I dont think the value is there. However they do have to pay the University Ave rents which is probably somewhere between 5-8 dollars a sqaure foot. Ouch. So not bad but not great either. If you can  make it down to Santa Clara more power to you but if you just NEED Korean and would die if you didn't have it in 5 minutes and you were standing next to this place, then sure it would work.
Went here for my first taste of bi bim bop and really enjoyed it. Split the bi bim bop with beef (comes with carrots, napa cabbage, broccoli, rice and egg) and also tried the pot stickers and was stuffed. The beef was cooked really well and price was reasonable. Will be back here!! Wanted to try the spring rolls but waiter said they are no longer making them!! :(
This place is ok, but nothing special. I MUCH prefer the Tofu House on El Camino. The place has smaller portions and you do not get all of the little side dishes here. I was really disappointed when the side dishes didn't come. Something about this place felt much more Americanized. When I crave Korean food, I will jump in my car and drive to Tofu House.
Food on University Ave is just average and overpriced and han fine is no exception. It's the only Korean restaurant in downtown Palo Alto we could find so we decided to give it a try. My girlfriend hated the bibimbap and I didn't like the dot sol bibimbab. Not very authentic, overpriced food, and no free tea.
It was a rainy night and I was craving tofu soup from Tofu House, but it was closed so we decided to try Han. Even before our entrees came, I was a little disappointed because we weren't served the traditional side dishes. I ordered the Soon tofu soup and added an egg and beef.  The order came with three little sides (bean sprouts, kimchee and pickled cucumbers).  The kimchee was average, the pickled cucumbers not really anything special considering you only get three side dishes and the bean sprouts were undercooked and not flavorful. The soup was good, but I would have appreciated a little more spice.  I added the Kimchee from my side dish to kick it up a notch. My bf ordered Kalbi (pork ribs) and was thoroughly disheartened when they came out with more bone than meat...definitely not worth the $13.95 we paid for them.  He got the same mediocre side dishes with his meal as well.  I think we would've had to stop somewhere else for food for him, but he ended up sharing my soup with me and with a little added rice, it did the trick. Overall, the food is ok but overpriced for what you get.  Also, I think if you are going to charge $12 for soup, the chopsticks should not be made of wood. It did the trick for tonight, but wouldn't be my first choice for Korean food in the area.
I eat the unagi bibimbop a few times a week. It's delicious, fairly healthy, and so satisfying on a cold night because it stays warm the whole time you eat it. It's always fresh, and the rice perfectly crispy. You can often pick up a wifi signal from one of the neighboring stores, so it's great to go for a late lunch and linger with a laptop and some hot green tea. They see me so often, they always offer free green tea.
Korean restaurant with a Japanese identity crisis?
I recently made my first visit to Han needing a quick bite before heading to a meeting.  I'd been a long-time fan of bulgogi, so went with what I knew.  It was ok - a little bland, a little dry - but it was the $12 that got me. Now, I realize this is University Ave, so everything is overpriced, but please throw a little flavor my way.  Bulgogi should have been easy to do right, so I'm a little less inclined to make a 2nd visit.
Came here on a Sunday afternoon for some lunch.  Very clean, and a nifty HD up on the wall so you can keep up with NFL Sunday.   I ordered the Dol Sot Bi Bim Bap since it was recommended on the menu.  However, while it came piping hot, the rice was not seared crispy on the bottom.  I even waited patiently, not digging in too fast.  Oh well.  There also wasn't very much meat, for $15 worth.  The side dishes were okay.
We come here a couple of times a month and are never disappointed. Although that could be because we always order the same thing. Ted gets the dol sot bi bim bop with chicken, which he loves. It's always sizzling and he really digs the sauce. I get the udon noodles, sometimes with beef, sometimes with tempura. It's good comfort food when it's cold outside.
I ordered the Dol Sot Bi Bim Bap with Unagi. It was awesome. Waiter was cool as well.
Greasy, greasy bulgolgi.  Probably some of the worst bulgolgi I've had when going to a sit-down restaurant.  There was a pool of grease in the bottom of my cast iron plate when I was done.  Also, they do not offer any lunch specials, so after my bulgolgi plate, green tea, tip and tax, I was out over $15 for lunch.  I know this restaurant is on University Avenue, but at least a lot of the restaurants offer decent lunch prices.  I won't be returning.
I like the food here :) deluxe noodle is yumm and the potstickers
The rice was hard.  The chop chae lacked flavor.  The kal bi had flavor but it was more fat than meat.  Notice how a two star rating means, "Meh.  I've experience better"?  That says all you need to know.
Loved the sizzling plate and the stir fry. Tempura was passable - the sweet potatoes didn't get cooked. The location and outdoor seating are great, and although a smile may not be easily forthcoming from the female hostess, the guy is very hardworking and friendly. The outdoor seating turned out to be great for our 20 month old kid
Not the most authentic tasting Korean food with loads of side dishes but a great lunch place for downtown Palo Alto.  I'm totally giving them extra points for being a Korean restaurant since PA was totally lacking this before!  The waiters are friendly/nice and the food portions are pretty big for the price you pay.  I'd recommend the chapchae noodles, bbq chicken and beef!  Oh, the grilled salmon is yummy too but I asked for mine with the sauce on the side.
Yum! My first experience with Korean food and I'll be back! Service was friendly, knowledgeable, helpful. We had a delicious and interesting "rice cake" appetizer which really looked more like rice pasta in a tasty sweet and spicy sauce. My dinner partner had BBQ beef, which was very good and I had the bi bim bap (?? not sure of the exact name) with unagi (eel) which was delicious. I was a little unsure about my choice to go with the eel but it was so good! Can't wait to have it again.
This is FAR from FINE Authentic Korean Cuisine!! Their Kalbi is horrible - quality of beef is bad, all mostly fat and the taste is not what a real kalbi is supposed to taste like. The people who owns and runs this place should be a shame for calling it "Fine Korean Food." They should actually call it "Some Kind of Asian Cuisine." Really it's NOT Korean food! You can go to Totoro, Mt View which is inexpensive authentic Korean food & taste pretty good. Otherwise, go down to Santa Clara. No real good Korean restaurants in Peninsula for now...
The food was great at this place, and they get extra bonus points for not adding MSG. It is exceptionally hard to find no MSG in Korean restaurants, because I ask all the time. If people go there and feel the flavor is different, this is why. But I am totally fine with this, because I'm sensitive to the stuff. I had the tofu soup with egg - they put the raw egg in the middle of bubbling silken tofu soup and you stir it around while it cooks - ahhhh creamy goodness. Mine came with rice and kimchee. My boyfriend had the Bi Bam Bop with chicken (rice topped with vegetables, chicken and an egg over-easy). We had a good laugh because he didn't know to mix it all up, so he was picking at the different sections. The owner saw this and helped him out with that. She squirted red sweet sauce onto his bowl and thoroughly mixed it for him like she was his mom. She told us that what she was doing to his food was the way it was meant to be eaten. You know what? - she was right! It was much better with everything combined. The egg yolk mixes with everything and it very rich. Yum. The beers were surprisingly cheap - avg. $3.50. Of course, the location is a great people watching place and I love the casual atmosphere of the restaurant. And the owner, well, she is very kind and attentive. We definitely will be back when I get a craving for Korean food again.
Great food (I don't know or particularly care if it's authentic or not.) I especially love their sizzing bibimbap. The restaurant doesn't get crowded, so I'm often at this place on weekends reading a book while enjoying a quiet lunch.
Food is very sugar infused including the condiments.  The MSG used here was enough to put me down for 24 hours.  Conversation was difficult because of noise.  Why a star you say?  Presentation beautiful.
I was not overly impressed with this place. The service was pretty bad- it took 20 minutes to get water and another 30 minutes after that to get our actual drinks and food- they had apparently forgot to bring the drinks- pretty standard right- nobody gets drinks in restaurants it's totally not an upsell for them (WTF?!) At any rate I saw more Japanese and Chinese fare overall than Korean stuff. The portions were pretty small compared to what you might get elsewhere and the prices are pretty high given the quality and size of your dish. They do pretty good making the food look good but that wouldn't sell me on choosing a place to eat at.
meh food, not legit korean. service was fine. if you have to eat here, order the soon doo boo (sundubu) or the dolsot bibimbap.
I have loved this place for years.  Great family run establishment.  Fresh food, great prices (especially for Palo Alto).  Very accommodating. When I first went there 5 years ago, they didnt offer brown rice, then after asking for it a few times, they started making it. Great hot stone pot bi bim bop for me and my husband loves the ribs. Very family friendly atmosphere.  New location great for larger parties.
I love this place! It's so nice to have a friendly, casual and fulfilling place to eat on university.  The food is tasty and there is something for everyone.  The atmosphere is comfortable and relaxed.  This is not a fancy place just a great place to have a nice dinner.  I'm partial to the Bi Bim Bop.  But whatever you order I'm sure you'll be happy. The new space is so nice.  You can really enjoy dining and it's fun to be right down on University.  The owners Han and his wife are terrific!  They are so  friendly and very accommodating.  We've been going to this place for years when it was Hans Hibachi on Ramona but I like this location much much more.  It's great to see that they have all the old favorites plus some new stuff on the menu. Go check it out.  You won't be sorry and you'll be back.
Not bad, but not good.  I was going to give it 2 stars.  But unfortunately for Palo Alto with its high rents and low quality food but nice atmosphere, this place is OK.  If you compare its quality, service and prices with Totoro in Mountain View, or Tofu house in Palo Alto El Camino, however, this place is pretty bad. They do have the location and University Ave atmosphere going for them though. The food is pricey for what you get, but OK for Palo Alto.   I ordered their seafood tofu and got two shrimps and 3 other mis pieces from your average frozen seafood mix you get at chinese stores!!!  They have no purple rice -- obviously.  They target the (rich) student crowd from Stanford, and keep their prices around what they would pay.
I came here with my husband and parents, all Korean folk.  We enjoyed the kimchee jigae, yuk gae jang, soon dubu, and pork bbq.  For a PA University Ave. Korean restaurant, it's not bad at all. We all finished off our dishes.  The rice is cooked perfectly as well.  The side dishes could use a little work, but still worth coming back for.  We've lived in downtown PA for several years and are happy to have a relatively authentic Korean restaurant to go to when we don't feel like driving down to the tofu house off el camino, or all the way to Sunnyvale...
Taste 3.5, price 2.5, location 4.5, health 4, interior 3.75, overall 3.3
food is very americanized, there're no asians there, and it's not hard to figure out why. basically, the worst korean food i've ever had in my life... (the bibimbap i had did not taste korean at all...) don't go there if u want authentic korean food.
This place use to have pretty good Korean Food for a downtown location.  The meat was flavorful and tender but then they moved locations and when I tried it at the new location it was terrible.  The meat was not tender and flavorless.
They recently moved to University AVE. We've been coming here on a regular basis. Totally love their sizzling stone pot!  It's very healthy and yummy. The service is good. Staff are friendly. They are dog-friendly too. We often bring our dogs here and sit outside.
This place is awesome. I visit this restaurant at least once a week, I have gone 4 times in one week before. They have great lunch specials, all are very tasty. I usually get the udon soup, champchee (sp?) or the spicy pork. When I got for dinner i always get bim bee bap. Amazing!!!! I either get the unagi or beef and i eat every last bite. This place is Great! This restaurant used to be on a side street off of University and it has the same staff and they are fabulous, and very helpful.
Delicious! I always get dragged to these types of places, but I liked this one so much I actually even suggest to go here!!!
Went to Han's for lunch today and the kitchen lost my order!  Waited 40 minutes for my order (for table of 2) while 5 tables that ordered after me were served.  Complained several times to the wait staff and never did receive an apology for the manager.  I used to like this place, but will never go back after that experience.  Just hope that your order never gets lost if you decide eat there!
Had high hopes seeing as this was on University Avenue. Side dishes are ok. Nothing special. Thank goodness I told the waiter that we had shellfish allergies. They use oyster sauce in the chap jae. Who does that?! The rice was a bit dry/undercooked. We got the kal bi which looked and tasted more like beef teriyaki. And the salmon in special sauce - which really tasted like salmon teriyaki. Such a disappointment! And our meal cost $44!!!!  Should have just driven down El Camino and gone to the Tofu House!
Am a huge fan of their Kimchee.  The service is always attentive and the food is prepared well.
