I've walked by this place so many times every time I go to work, and I never had the chance to try it until recently. This place is often packed and frequented by many people, so I was very excited when I finally got to try it the other day. Not sure how long this place has been around, but it's now a Korean BBQ restaurant, rather than an "international cuisine" restaurant. They have a variety of protein/vegetables to pick from and you're allowed to get it with either rice, fried noodles, or chapchae. I ordered the bulgogi beef with chapchae and broccoli. The food wasn't as good as I thought considering how popular they are. The beef was dry and hard, but the chapchae and broccoli were decent. Not sure if the food is worth the price they charge you for though...I think I'd rather eat at Asian Box right across the street for about the same price! P.S. cash only!
I like Some Kind of Place in Town & Country whenever I'm looking to get fast take- out food! I love the selection of food.  They have great meats,noodles and veggies.  I usually order the lean beef, chow mein, and pot stickers.  They do not skimp on proportion size either. Not a great place for dining by any means.  There are a few tables outside and that is it.  It's really catered toward carry out for lunch. I don't mind the fact that they use the microwave here.  The food is cooked they just want to make sure it is warm when they serve it.   It is a buffet-style eatery.  They do not use the microwave to actually cook the food.
I really liked this place! The chicken was really yummy. The owners were also very nice. The price of the food was also very reasonable.
I love this place, its food is a hangover cure for me. My ex-boyfriend and I used to go to here so often that now, years later, the owners still know my face and order (fried rice and half stuffed tofu, half kimchi-- they always give me extra vegetables because they know I'm vegetarian) and still know to put chopsticks in my bag! The first time I ever came here, I raised an eyebrow at their dubious practice of microwaving styrofoam containers and the fact that they're cash-only, but the food is consistent with its homemade yumminess, and there's nothing they do to the food that isn't done in my house. (Besides, they've never proven that nuking styrofoam causes cancer...)
How much worse can it get? I remember coming here when I was a kid - they have been around for quite a while. But perhaps I didn't know what good Korean was before, and now I do (thanks to the lovely Angeline P.) My first mistake was coming here on a school day. Yup, that's right, this place is a favorite for Paly students. Three jocks at the table next to ours were basically talking about getting suspended for joyriding in a stolen car. It brought back memories I'm usually not fond of reliving. Second of all, we got two lunch plates, and I think we got kalbi and bulgogi, with a side of japchae and other vegetables. And a coke to share. And how much was it? $19. For food that was put into a microwave. I don't care if I got the fanciest thing on the hot tray, if you're going to nuke it and give it back to me it should be no more than $5 apiece. I was literally beside myself and I thought that he had charged me for more than two lunch plates. But nope. For better or for worse, I'm not the kind of guy who is going to shout at a little Korean man (full disclosure: I am a tall Chinese man) about his shoddy restaurant and walk out, so I begrudgingly paid and swore to myself never, ever, ever, to come back here. Especially not on a school day at lunchtime. And any redeeming value the food has doesn't matter, because I was so turned off by this place. Good riddance and I hope they go away.
Okay place for Korean takeout when you want it - been here forever, at least 10 years if I recall correctly. There's a decent selection of Korean dishes and the prices are very reasonable ($7-9 for a dish with 2 side items). The kalbi was surprisingly flavorful (altho I had low expectations) but I only got 2 strips (was expecting at least 3), jap chae was pleasing, and broccoli to be expected. I came here around 6pm on a weekday night and only downside is that they close at 7 or 8pm so they didn't cook anything to order. You pick from everything that's already cooked and sitting in the display - feels like you are choosing from leftovers. Some of the pickings did look dried out like the bbq chicken and kalbi. The place itself is small and clean in a random corner of the Palo Alto Town and Country strip mall. The Asian guy who looked like the owner was extremely nice and polite. Bottom line: Good place to know when you have to have a Korean quick fix that's fast and cheap (but don't expect great Korean food). I'd suggest coming during lunch when the food is probably fresher and not in the evening towards closing time.  If it's kalbi or BBQ chicken you really want, drop by some Hawaiian BBQ place like L&L and you'll get it made to order, fresher, and much more food.
I was a little skeptical the first time I came across this place, but now I love it!  It's a little unbearing to me that they always have to microwave your food (to warm it up), but I'm over it - I think it's good Korean BBQ take-out; gives me my lunchtime fix when I need it!  Also, I recommend the special - the Bi Bam Bab - or something like that...lots of yummy vegetables, a little bit of beef, and a freshly fried egg.  Hits the spot!  The owners seem really nice, too, so it seems like a cool family-run spot.
A fast-food type of korean restaurant that's hidden inside the Town & Country Village in Palo Alto. It's a convenient place to grab a decent lunch without having to spend your whole lunch hour at a sit-down restaurant. There are several tables outside, but most people choose to carry out (and probably head back to their cubes/offices). You get to choose up to three ready-made entrees (bbq beef, chicken, fish, tofu, veggies, etc...) with either rice or clear noodles for approx. $6 per plate. My favorites are the marinated fish and bbq chicken. The rice is a bit too mushy for me, though.
Do NOT eat here. I wanted to grab a quick lunch while shopping at Town & Country. The lady put the food in a styrofoam container and nuked it in the microwave, after she asked me if it was for here or to go. When I realized they do not accept credit cards, I told her I couldn't pay because I had no cash or check - sorry. So what does she do? SHE PUTS THE FOOD BACK. Yes, the food she had just microwaved went back to the counter for the next schmuck to order the ribs. So beware - the food you get may have been reconstituted.
This really is "Some Kind of Place"! Good, fast, friendly Korean eatery. Although others may disagree on the price of the food, I think the value is great for what you get. They're very generous with the servings. Nice to eat there outside when the weather is nice!
WTF. How does this place have a 4 star rating? Do people like paying high prices for small portions of uninspired, microwaved food that's been sitting behind their counter for who knows how long? Oh, and they microwave your food in foam containers.
The worst thing I can say about this place is that I no longer live close enough to get a chance to go here very often.  Some Kind of Place is a small but good Korean barbeque restaurant, which mostly caters to the take-out crowd, although there's some tables setup outside and maybe one inside (as I said, it's small).  I'd recommend the hot pepper chicken, and the baked fish is also usually really good, but the real treat, especially if you live for spicy food, is the great hot sauce they have which you can put on whatever you order.  I haven't found it anywhere else, even at Asian/Korean stores.
It is sort of like fast food korean.  The meats look like it has been sitting for a while and I went at 5pm for dinner.  The kimchee is sold seperately, they don't give it for free.  MEal was just so so, there are so many more excellent korean places in Santa Clara on El Camino near Lawrence.  Would rather drive down there.
I overlook the microwaved food (now the containers are paper-based, not styrofoam, so I guess that's an improvement). I overlook the generally bland flavor because sometimes I just crave chap chae. I overlook the lunch-time crowds which the owners cannot control. What I cannot abide and the reason that I will not go back to this place is the terrible, downright mean service. The man is fine and sometimes kind and smiles. The woman who usually mans the counter has consistently been mean to me over the years of occasional visits. Today, I asked about what I thought was an extra charge. Turns out I was wrong and forgot about a bottle of water that I purchases, but she was  so mean about this and reminded me that she did not charge me for a third vegetable in my "vegetarian meal" selection, which normally comes with only two vegetables. Are you serious and pointing out a measly third tiny helping of bean sprouts like it's some hugely generous sacrifice? I am a nice person. I am pleasant to people. Usually I don't even ask about over-charges, but I paid $9 for chap chae and three small scoops of vegetables, so I was wondering what's up. Anyway, I felt strongly enough about this experience to write a Yelp review, which I also rarely do. The food is so not worth the heartburn of dealing with the customer service or, even, the cost of the food. Good bye.
Minus 1 b/c they don't take card. But it's quick and easy. The owners are sweet and don't mind when I come in ordering 6 combos for my entire office. And I like that it's kind of a hole in the wall place and unless you know it's there, you'll never see it. The food is good, especially for less than $8 a meal.
This place was an godsend in my undergrad days of stale cafeteria food and overpriced downtown trend spots... I'm so glad they've survived the dotcom shakeout!
Really, (borrowing the words of another reviewer) do NOT eat here. Not really knowing what kind of food they serve (yes, they say it's korean, but I'm quite sure it's not), I made an unfortunate decision to grab a quick meal from here. The food is terrible and, like other reviewers have said, it's almost like eating someone's leftovers. Their food is stored at room temperature: I know this since I was able to snatch the food before they put it in the microwave oven. The tofu thing, which looked really nice, tasted like it came out of a trash can. And a few hours afterwards, my stomach is not doing that great. I'm not sure how they can survive with such terrible food at such an expensive location! I usually promote korean restaurants as long as they do something right, but this place does absolutely no justice to korean food. Avoid at all cost.
One of my favorite memories is when I was in college taking Korean class.  When the school year ended, our instructor took us to this restaurant, a group of 8 or 10 of us.  The food is great, reasonably priced and the folks that run it are really nice.
hot sauce!!
If you like mystery meat BBQed to perfection, you'll like this place! I don't, so I went back the second time to try their non meat selection. The food wasn't bad-noodles, and two kinds of vegetables. However, I was shocked to pay $9.50!! And I didn't even get a drink-just noodles and two vegetable sides...
I decided to stop by after reading the positive reviews.  I had rice, spicy pork and kimchi.  The owners are really nice.  But c'mon!  The rice had butter or margarine in it which is not what I wanted for my Korean food.  The pork was alright, not spicy enough and nothing to write home about.  The kimchi! the kimchi!  It's awful!  It's sweet and not spicy!  I've never had sweet kimchi before.  For the price, I can get other takeouts nearby.  Pretty disappointed since I really wanted to like the place as other reviewers suggested.  Unfortunately I've had much better mom-and-pop Korean food in NY for better price.  Sorry.
too expensive. almost $10 for two little pieces of short ribs is, in all honesty, a really bad deal. the portions are heartier and cheaper if you get chicken.
