Haikus for Korean BBQ (formerly Some Kind of Place) at Town & Country Village Palo Alto / Stanford.... Love this mom and pop! Fresh, tasty, Korean food Meat, veggies and rice.... BBQ chicken Or beef, spicy chicken, fish Choose rice or noodles! Broccoli, carrots Spinach and tofu pockets Other veg options! A simple concept But it always hits the spot Try veggie pancakes! Catchin' me say....I Could eat here everyday.... Is unusual! I've said that often At Korean BBQ Favorite lunch spot! But Town & Country Is too popular at noon To go there daily! I don't, by the way.... Prices are reasonable But parking is not! Come early or late For the best chance at parking In a decent spot! Avoid the noon rush Mostly kids from Paly High Storming the storefront! Seating? Sparse inside Outside? More seats and more space Service? Quick, friendly! The distance is close For folks on Stanford campus Try it out one day!
Korean is my go to spot for some cheap, delicious food. Try the spicy chicken, its my favrite.
I've been going to this place for about 10 years now although it's a little out of my way so usually only now and then. The reason I go here is the quality of the food and fast service. You can tell they make an effort. What I always notice is how well the flavors are balanced. They don't over season the rice (it's not regular white rice) and the meat is almost always cooked just right. You can buy a variety of items and expect each to have their own distinct taste. A lot of other cheaper Korean restaurants seem to use the same sauces in most of their dishes.
I popped in here for a late lunch the other day and had some bi bim bap to go and it was wonderful! Excellent seasoned beef with no gristle, plenty of rice, bean spouts, mushrooms, bok choy, and I don't even remember how many other types of veg with a great fried egg in the center. It was the perfect thing, just what I needed, and I could only finish about half and saved the rest for dinner. They were so nice and friendly, and the service was quick. And even at 3pm they had about 3 or4 tables full. I am sad I haven't stopped in here before but am so happy to know its here now. Don't overlook this gem, tucked away in the corner of Town and Country, across from the toy store. Even the US Ambassador to Korea has been here!
Came here for a combo takeout of chapchae noodles and beef ribs. Initially I asked for rice but then changed my mind to get the chapchae instead. WOW what a frown on the server when I asked to switch to noodles. It is a REAL BIG FEDERAL VIOLATION if they scoop the rice into the tray THEN you change your mind and get noodles. Be sure not to change your mind once you have made your request. Otherwise, the food is not bad. I have had better.
This would be a fine place to go for some quick Korean to-go (which is damn near impossible to find).  I imagine that on a nice day, this would beat a great place to sit outside & enjoy the sun.  However, today was pretty cold & there is very little inside seating...my mom, brother & I were shivering a wee bit.  I was prepared to be disappointed with the food, but it's in fact pretty good - the lunch plate for 3 items changes depending on the main meat.  My mom & bro both got the kalbi - two large pieces, very tender and flavorful (although, I don't know how you can do "bad" kalbi).  I had the chicken dumpling soup and wow, the dumplings were packed with flavor and the soup was the perfect thing for today.  The chap chae and side, baby bok choy and stuffed tofu were also quite good. Overall,  I think the pricing is quite decent (keep in mind that Korean food is overall pricier than Chinese food) and the food is good.  Lunch for 3 came out to be about $27. I give it 3 stars because everything was sitting out "buffet" style and I'm fairly spoiled when it comes to good Korean food.
I have to disagree with the previous reviewer. Food lying around, expensive, almost looks like bad Chinese food, but Korean. Actually, one patron walked in and insisted to the maitre d' that the food was Chinese, and the owner insisted back to her that the food was Korean ... because she was from Korea, and she 'knew.' Where is the logic in that? The bulgogi was somewhat tough, the mixed veges had too many mushrooms and not enough other stuff. The chapchae was fine actually - but for around $9 one should expect more.
I think what makes this place great is that it is unique.  You don't usually find "fast food" korean bbq joint.  I would describe this place as a panda express meets mom and pop shop kinda place.  They have the usual types of korean bbq such as kalbi, bulgogi, and spicy chicken and some unusual ones like tilapia which is the dish i had and was surprisingly tasty (but cold). Unfortunately, after you pick out your items, they warm the food up in the microwave and my dish was still a bit cold, but i forgive them because i had kalbi a couple months go and it was hot.  It's a bit pricey for lunch (8 bucks) but it IS PA so whatev, right?   If you don't want the combo (meat, veggies, and rice/noodle) you can order a la carte dishes like dumplings or their specials. They also have some outdoor seating and limited indoor.
Just got three items for lunch: Steamed rice, BBQ pork & steam mushrooms w/baby pea pod. I love this particular combination. The are in the process of upgrading the place. Last week they painted and now have a new more modern looking menu instead of the handwritten one they had for years. Owners told me they have more changes to come. I usually eat here a couple times a month for lunch. The owners are alway very kind.
Totally fresh fast Korean Food  Restaurant tucked away. If you just need a quick bite in between shopping and you don't have the time, this is the place to go. Food fresh & inexpensive.
The food here sits under a heat lamp until the cashier plops it on a Styrofoam plate and sticks it in the microwave, and ding!  Dollar chinese quality with carcinogens for $10. The only reason this place survives is the scarcity of good asian restaurants in Palo Alto.
Ive been going to korean bbq for about 10 years now, and have seen 3 generations of the same family move through here. its great food, and always fresh. but the prices are far too high. that is why they get 3 stars.
I'm drawn back to this place!  The bi bim bab is addictive. It's the fried egg on top of the plate lunch:  pierce it with a fork and the yolk runs down through the rice and thin sliced beef.  Inhale the sesame oil fragrance.  All those fresh brightly colored vegetables surrounding the rice.  Outstanding.
I'm new to Korean food.  Today was the second time I tried this place.  Really liked it.  The food... Read more 
came here expecting quality korean food, but was totally let down. as a previous yelper had mentioned, the food does in fact resemble bad chinese. however it is owned, operates and serves korean. whether it's true in terms of authentic taste, that is another question. this place doesn't offer much of a selection besides what you see out on the "hot trays" and a few additional items written on the white board. there isn't a steaming hot water bath, dishes are basically just laying out in the trays at room temperature. you let them know what items you want, in which they will then spoon it into a styrofoam plate and proceed to microwave. seriously, could i not have done it myself at home? not only was i in total shock, but the lady ahead of me was as well. she questioned whether that was the only form of food warming they had and the guy seemed shocked. she then went on about how her husband's job is related in that matter so she knows this is bad, while he stands then and argues with her! she just ended up taking her food cold. this place kind of seemed like a joke to me. the food is edible, however if i want real korean food it wouldn't be from here. it's like they just opened up a place for the sake of doing so.
They somehow managed to give this korean fast-food a nice home-cooked feel, which I think makes it a great alternative to the generic sandwich or pizza lunch. Their meat quality isn't the best, but I guess it's what you'd expect from a fast-food type place. Also, you can easily spend over 10 bucks for lunch, which definitely doesn't make it one of the best lunch deals around. Lower prices, and I would definitely be here more often! Oh, also, it's cash only so come prepared!
Please never again! I ate here once, and I've communicated with a former employee who I never see anymore who claims the lady has cut her finger nails in the back! I assuming where they prepare the food. Also the fact they only take cash & they warm your food up in the MICROWAVE in the to go box. Besides how they need a Screen door for their shop if they want to leave the door open, & keep the flies out please! She batted flies away from the food while I was standing there! Sorry that is all against my rules. I had to walk out & left $1 as a tip for their time only.
This place makes sense in every way. It's near campus, simple menu, and has a Palo Alo price tag (over priced). For what it is, it's perfect. I ordered the bi bim bop to go. It was a little over $9. In any other locale, it should cost about $7, esp since it wasn't a particularly large portion. But, it tasted alright and had all the right ingredients. The owners are very friendly, which for this type of place makes a big difference.
Finally somewhere close to my work that is affordable, asian and with good portion sizes. I ordered the spicy chicken which was a mix of white and dark meat. The meat quality was lacking but it had great flavor, i like that steamed brown rice is an option and that steamed vegetables are available. Lots of vegetable and meat choices.Can't wait to try the dumpling soup and steamed squash
I have had Korean fast food before (check out Sorabol at the SF Center) but this one just doesn't cut it. Even the kimchi didn't taste like kimchi. I got the BBQ chicken with the transparent noodles (japchae) and rice - pretty disappointing.
