I like that they have creative names for their dishes like, "Farro curry fettuccine with niman ranch lamb cheeks." How fancy! This place was the most DELICIOUS Italian food I have ever had.  No really, it is!  The salmon and halibut ravioli was delectable with just the right amount of sauce.  The dish wasn't too seafoodish and the presentation was divine.  I am really glad I chose this because usually I think twice about ordering seafood from a restaurant that I have never tried but this was the best choice I could have made. The lasagna wasn't over sauced and had a nice, gooey amount of cheese.  Just the right portion. Our waitress Christine was very nice and sensitive to the fact that we were trying to make a movie.  Kudos to her great customer service. You have GOT to try this place.  I PROMISE that you will not be disappointed!
Definitely Meh. This place was disappointing. Granted, we came here on a whim on a weeknight and I knew that it would not be the most spectacular Italian - but it was really mediocre. The started of Calamari (not the fried) was bland, rubbery and just completely lacking in flavor. For the main dish, I got the mushroom/squash ravioli and my boyfriend got the pork or beef gnocchi. My ravioli stuffing was good, but the flavor of the mushrooms + sauce did not go well with the squash at all. They were completely different flavor profiles. The mushrooms were in something resembling a gravy, on top the delicate squash ravioli. It was just not good. The gnocchi looked a little better, though he had similar thoughts on the weird flavor combinations. I have also never heard him say "this dish has too much meat" before but..well...that was a first :) Would not recommend, there are plenty of other places to go for a similar price point that aren't mediocre. One positive is that the bread was actually really tasty. But that is about it.
Dropped in for lunch with the kids one day last week.  Nice-looking place with great seats inside and outside.  We sat outside and had the people-watching view of University Avenue. The servers were polite and attentive, and the food came quickly.  I had a steak sandwich that was quite good, and the kids had pasta that they both liked.  Not a five-star food experience by any means, but good, solid Italian food.
This is more of a 3.5, but I'm giving it a 3 just because I'm not sure if I would come back again. Hear me out! The ambience of the place was really nice and classy. I could see myself coming back here for a fancy date or something, or maybe coming back when I'm capable of ordering wine, but until then, the pasta is really, really expensive and I feel like I could get better pasta right across the street at Pasta Q. Waiters there are really nice and there's complimentary bread. The dipping sauce was a minty tomato which threw me off actually since I was expecting olive oil and vinegar. The bread was good, but I wasn't too big a fan of the minty tomato dip though. I ordered the Housemade Gnocchi with Braised Masami Pork and Sangiovese Wine. The portion didn't look too big, but gnocchi fills you up pretty quickly so I was full pretty soon! The masami pork was DELICIOUS and they top it with sliced pieces of toscana (I think?) cheddar that just compliment the dish really well. I did get a bit sick of the gnocchi after awhile, but if you're a fan of gnocchi the dish will be fine. My friend ordered the salmon plate and it was huge! Came with mashed potatos and other vegetables and a pretty large chunk of salmon. He said it was pretty decent. I'd give the food a four, but it's just really really expensive. Not to say that it's not justified expensiveness. The ambience of the place is great for a date, but if you're just a hungry teenager looking for some good pasta, you would probably be more satisfied by Pasta Q. tldr; come for a date, but if you just want pasta, this place is a bit too pricey
Palo Alto has many fine restaurants, unfortunately La Strada is not one of them for two reasons:  The ambiance is poor and the food mediocre.  We were very disappointed.  The wait staff seemed rushed and disinterested. I would suggest you save your money and go somewhere else.
Excellent restaurant and the food is amazing!! No wonder it is so crowded!! The food is clean, well cooked and the presentation is wonderful. The waiters are fast, the food comes fast. We will definitely eat there again!
Best gnocchi I ever had! The gnocchi was light and fluffy. It's all about the sauce! Braised with Masami pork, Sangiovese red wine, and topped with Toscana pecorino cheese!
I had the farro-curry fettuccine, which was ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS!!  The lamb cheeks fell apart when I touched them with my fork.  The only complaint that I had about the dish was that it was a bit too salty for me. My friend had the mushroom pizza which I tried and it tasted good, but the crust couldn't hold up the cheese and the stuff on top.  It seemed to be a bit soggy...  Another friend of mine had a vegetable pizza and she had a similar problem with holding up the pizza. The bread came with a great tapenade which was very very YUMMY!  The wait staff we dealt with were hard to understand (because of their accents) and they were a bit slow.
Great food, TERRIBLE service. What Italian restaurant needs to be asked for bread, not once but twice. We had to ask the busboy since our waitress was to busy talking to another waiter near the bar. We had a party of 7 on 8/17, 7pm reservations.  Our waitress spent more time with smaller parties than us. I figured it out when we got our bill; mandatory 18% tip for large groups.  Egads, I don't mind tipping 18% but the service better be good. But the food is terrific. Maybe that's what the owners are banking on. But for me, there 's too many other choices around. Good luck. Go with small group, you might get better service.
The food was ok. Tasted like something I could have thrown together at home with some ingredients from Whole Foods. Definitely did not taste authentic or like anything special
Loved the outdoor seating. Service was good. Calamari appetizer was delicious. Ordered the paccheri pasta with meat sauce and was extremely pleased. Nice big portion, I was stuffed. Am looking forward to coming back to try something else.
Solid choice for a date night or small group dinner (they have a private dining room in the back). On my last visit my date was 45 minutes late (!!) and the waitress (Christine) brought me a complimentary glass of wine while I waited.  How sweet is that? Service is spectacular, food is solid.  It's a little noisy inside, but there are several tables outside.  Make a reservation. Right on University Ave so great location.
I absolutely love this place! The lasagna is superb and the ambiance is great. They have an incredible selection of wines and the desserts are to die for. Overall we had a fabulous dinner and loved the food. If you want authentic Italian food in Palo Alto this is the place to go to!
La Strada has been my favorite Italian restaurant in Palo Alto. I have dined here many times before and have always enjoyed the dishes I've ordered. However, the dish I had on my last visit (05/27/12) disappointed me (unfortunately I can't remember the name of the dish, it was a pasta dish). And the  online menu that won't download doesn't help! :( I was debating between two lunch entrees so I asked the waiter which one he would recommend. This is the first time that a waiter steered me wrong. That's why I am only giving it 3 stars. But service was good, like always.
My boyfriend and I came here on a random date night. Ambiance is great. Definitely a good date night vibe. For appetizer, we had the Golden-Fried Calamari. It came with crispy asparagus, lemon-mint calabria peppers & a spicy tomato sauce.The spicy tomato sauce was good, the other one was not. I ordered the Spaghetti Frutti Di Mare which came with clams, mussels, calamari, scallops, and prawns in a tomato sauce. Pretty standard entree that is well known. I had no complains. He ordered the Sauteed Salmon. This entree came with mashed potatoes, grilled vegetables, topped with shallots, red grapes prosecco and a butter sauce. He liked the salmon and veggies but wasn't a fan of the red grapes prosecco. Overall, dinner was alright, but the service was lacking. It's not a place I'm really looking forward to go back to.
This place is a joke. Not because the food is bad, the food is pretty good, but the waiters! So my friend and I came to downtown on a Saturday afternoon, we decided to eat here cuz there was a lunch menu posted outside advertising $14 for selected plates and it comes w/ salad and gelato. So there's a hostess who seats us, then a waiter brings us some water. Five min later the waiter comes and asks if we want anything to drink besides water. My friend and I both say no, then he walks away! Lmfao. Ok usually a waiter would ask if you're ready to order by this point, but not him! He was just like aiite lateeeee and blew us off. Then he finally comes back after another 5 min and takes our order. He gave us bread with sundried tomatoes, and salad. The salad was ok. The bread was good. I ordered eggplant Parmesan and it was super good. Very hot and cheesy. Anyways, fast forward we didn't get our gelato and didn't care to ask at that point. And the waiter tried to carry all our dishes in one trip and ended up dropping stuff. Geez lazy, make two trips. And there was only 3 parties of 4 or less people in there(it was slow) there was a hostess, 2 chefs, a manager, and like 3 waiters doing what?? Seemed like there was so much waiters on staff doing nothing. It wasn't a horrible experience, funny actually, but I don't know if I'd come back.
Back for another lunch. The food was excellent. I was with a large group, and we had great sevice...to the point that there was almost too much. To some extent, you want to be left alone from time to time, and interact with people. So, it occurred to me that this is not a place to go if you are not in a hurry...they want you to be happy, but then they want someone else to take the table. Don't take out a book or a laptop...phone's okay. But, if you want to go for mouthwatering cuisine, then this is your place. Ordered and enjoyed the farro-curry fettuccine, with Niman ranch lamb cheeks, sun-dried tomatoes, pecorino fresco cheese...delicious. Enjoy!
Gotta admit, I thought, due to the location on University Ave., that this place would be ordinary.... Read more 
probably 2.5 stars first time visit on a recent saturday night. it was one of the larger restaurants on university that wasn't packed. the food was so so. i had the fava bean salad (good) and a sea bass that seemed more like a trout in preparation and taste. presented with the head on, but they would take it back and debone it for you on request. it wasn't bad, but wasn't special. someone else's salad wasn't crisp, and and a pasta entree got average reviews as well. the service was a bit hit and miss. we sat near the front so we could see the 3 hostesses chatting with one another the whole time. our server seemed to be training someone. and although we were near the serving station where the water and other items were, we had to flag people down to re-fill our water, order another round of drinks, butter for the bread, pepper, etc. it wouldn't have been bad had it been busy. but with people standing around and seemingly forgetful (or new), the service experience wasn't up to par for the price and how they seem to want to present the restaurant. the staff was friendly and fast once you were able to get their attention though.
4 stars for an Italian restaurant??? If you know me, you must think I'm crazy... I rarely hit up Italian restaurants for the sheer fact that what you get is usually not worth what you pay for. The only times I attempt to enjoy Italian restaurants are when I'm not the one picking the restaurant. So you can imagine my chagrin when I found out that the birthday dinner was at...yea..an Italian restaurant. The restaurant itself is nice...warm and cozy..albeit small and a little cramped. Our waitress was pleasant and helpful and the service throughout the night was attentive and on point. I went with the risotto with quail (I rarely choose pasta since it usually severely disappoints..and I want something I can't make myself!) which was presented nicely. After the 1st bite...and the 2nd...and the 3rd...I was...pleasantly surprised! The risotto was cooked perfectly with an abundance of taste and texture and really had the flavor I did not expect. The quail also was flavorful and paired nicely with the risotto. I must of finished my plate within minutes...and I definitely wanted more! Based upon this one plate, my hope for Italian food slightly increased and although the other members of my party thought their pastas were just OK I had to rave about this one dish. Will I go back? Probably not...but I do have renewed hope.
Okay... well, I loved this place. I came here while I was still in high school because my friend's dad owned the place.  We ate here with her and got free desserts.  Maybe it's because they were free, but THEY WERE AMAZING.  I'm not sure if they've changed management or anything because it was almost 8 years ago! I love the ambiance of this place.  The way it's set up, it's a nice place to be both at night and in the day time!  The place is not very big, so I might recommend getting a reservation, although I am not sure how popular this place is anymore.  There are a bunch of new restaurants that have opened in Palo Alto which annoy the hell out of me, but this one is still nice.  It's small, cozy, intimate, and clean. I'll hopefully be coming back sometime soon!
I enjoyed the pizza, I liked the crust most of all. pirce are high. try Good margherita pizzas from their wood fired oven.
After dinner, my boyfriend and I wanted to grab a dessert and drink before we headed out to see a movie. We stopped by and grabbed seats at the bar, although at 9 pm there weren't many free seats left. The place was pretty packed (as usual) and people looked they were having a fine time.  The chocolate souffle jumped out at me on the dessert menu, so I ordered that with the espresso martini. The souffle came out in 5 minutes, and was so ridiculously decadent with a molten chocolate interior and full scoop of vanilla bean ice cream on the side. The bf and I finished it up in no time, and he even used his spoon to scoop up every last drop of chocolate and ice cream goodness on the plate! The bartender made the espresso martini in front of me, and poured (a lot) of vodka, shot of espresso, and Kahlua into a glass and shook it up. He fancied up the martini glass with chocolate sauce, which looked nice but ultimately I couldn't taste. The martini might be better for someone who isn't a huge fan of sweet cocktails like I am.
Have been eying this for a while and finally dined here earlier this week. Relatively small restaurant, like the open kitchen. The maitre d was a little iffy. She was not very friendly and seemed more keen to talk casually with the rest of the staff as opposed to focusing on the customers. Our waiter was much better. Very attentive and helpful.  Food was good, not great.  The bruschetta and gnocchi were decent. My favorite was the dessert from the daily menu which was a white chocolate mousse. Yum Yum.
It's a good Italian restaurant.  Delicious fresh ingredients.  They have a proper wood-fired pizza oven.   It's the best Italian restaurant in Palo Alto. I recently had the Insalata with Mozzarella Bufala - a reasonable antipasti.  I had the Butternut Squash Ravioli and the Fresh Mushroom Pizza.  All were good and tasty.
I've been here a couple of times a few years ago, and it makes sense why this place has survived the years. I had the buckwheat papperdelle(sp?) noodles with roasted chicken and vegetables.  It was tasty enough for me to want to bring it home.  Buckwheat noodles have a heavier consistency than semolina wheat, so the noodles themselves were not as good as what I guessed the other pasta would taste like, but I had a good idea what I was getting myself into. at least the meal *felt* healthy. The bread is served warm and fresh.
I treated a few folks from my team to this place.  Sadly I wish i had not.  Our waiter had a hard time understanding us and when he brought the food out, it was ALL wrong.  The funny thing was that he kept insisting that is what we ordered?  He had a hard time speaking English as well.  For the price of food, Id rather go somewhere that has really good Italian food and who's staff know's the menu well. Id skip this place if I were you!
Thought the lunch special was a good deal considering it's downtown Palo Alto.  We ordered chicken piadini (flat bread) which came with choice of soup or salad, the lasagna, and the fried calamari.  The bread came quick, nice and warm, with a sun-dried tomato spread that husband really loved.  The lasagna is average, too soggy and not cheesy enough IMO.  The chicken piadini is good.  The calamari with fried asparagus is excellent!  Comes nice piping hot, breading is crispy and not too thick.  Wish the whole plate was fried asparagus, I can't get enough of this stuff.  Server was friendly and attentive. The bill comes out to be about $40 after tip.
Good lunch portions, really good  prices for $14, but the salad left something to be desired.  Best Carbonara I've had!  And, they let us lunch with my precious little Mina!  I'll definitely be back.
My all time favorite restaurant with very reasonable price for a upscale italian restaurant, located in downtown palo alto. (My dad dislikes the fact that this place doesn't have table cloth :P) I have never tasted such chewie, hand-spun (right in front of you, at the open kitchen) pizza in my life. I really think this place should be more popular. Bread comes with tomato dipping sauce rather than butter. Olive oil and vinegar are available upon request. Generally friendly staff and kitchen, not your flawless upscale service, but definitely worthwhile for the price. When I was a Stanford student, I would take it to-go, and eat the pizza throughout the week. It is that good
Great tasting Italian restaurant with wonderful service. Went with an old coworker for late lunch around 2pm(after the lunch crowd) on a Monday afternoon. The place was empty except one other table.  To start, the service was excellent.  Our server was very helpful in helping us chose wine by bringing us samples and asking what we like. So onto the food: -Proscuitto, Mortadella, Finocchiona, Bresaola & Speck Tirolese Sampler - Served on a wooden platter, loaded with goodies.  Great flavor, good value, and tasty with wine. - Italian Artisan D.O.P Cheese Platter -  Good selection of cheeses, but they give you very little.  Also, it's not labeled so we had to constantly bother the server and ask which was what.  The variety of cheese were great pairings with the wine we were sampling. - Schiacciata - Cooked in a brick oven, light and crispy.  Includes parma proscuitto, stracciatella cheese, and arugula salad.  Olive oil drizzled lightly and BAM!!! so delicious!!!!!! Wines: -Soave,La Cappuccina 09, Veneto -Pinot Grigio, Antinori 09, Sicily -Montepulciano, Valle Reale 07, Abruzzo All wines I had were excellent in taste and smell.  I was very impressed with their wine selection.
We went there for lunch on weekdays.  The set lunch menu was a good choice.  Service was okay.  Since a lot of constructions were going on the same block, it's very dusty & noisy outside.
Great food and service. The sausage ravioli is a must.
Maybe I've been spoiled by the plethora of Italian restaurants in Brentwood.  Maybe I am a picky eater.  Whatever the reason, La Strada just didn't do it for me. We started with a calamari appetizer.  It was chewy squid in a fishy tasting sauce. I had the Casonsei (ravioli) for my main course and it just so oily and flavorless. The tiramisu we had for dessert was a good redeeming point but that was about it.
This place is between 3 and 4 stars, but I leaned toward 4 because of  its location and service. We came here on a Saturday night around 9pm and there was no wait for 2 people. The place was pretty packed and we were seated immediately. We had our choice of indoors or outdoors but we chose indoors because it was quite chilly that night. The tables are pretty close together inside but we were fine. The service is friendly and we were not pressured to get any certain dishes or spend a certain amount. I had the seafood pasta (Frutti Mare) and it was excellent. The sauce could have used a little more kick but that is about the only thing I would change. There was a good sampling of seafood (3 shrimp, 2 scallops, tons of calimari, 5 mussels) and the price was right. I treid some of my wife's gnochhi and this was just average at best. The sauce was too thick and the pork was not the greatest. The carpaccio that we had as an appetizer was also not that great. It is a cute place and if you order the right things, it can be a great experience. There were people wearing all kinds of clothing ranges, from game jerseys to jackets.
2 stars for the food, 0 for the service.  So I decided to try La Strada on a saturday afternoon (this may have been my mistake) when I found myself in downtown Palo Alto and my favorite Osteria was closed.  Hostess seated us, busboy brought our water then it took 15 minutes for our waiter to arrive.  Unfortunately, Joya next door was packed or else I would have left. The food: Vegetable soup - Bland Spaghettini with broccoli rabe, garlic, peppers, etc - The pasta was waaay overcooked and there's no coming back from that.  This dish was bland, very disappointing. Lasagne - This just tasted like a blob of cheese.  Horrid! Salmon sandwich - This was actually quite good, I was shocked. The service was atrocious, we watched food sitting around while the wait staff tried to figure out which table was supposed to get what.  Bad food, bad service, NEVER AGAIN!  Don't waste your time here.
This was the second time I have eaten at this restaurant and I just had to share how great it was! We were here for my aussie friend's last night in town, and it was such a pleasant meal. Seriously... have you ever eaten salmon that just falls apart in your mouth, with that buttery flavor..?? MmmMMmmMMm.... Well, that's what my Salmon dish was like...with the most incredible vegetables around the plate. I also tried 2 other dishes... (we all like to share..) And they were incredible. The linguine with lamb cheeks was to die for- SUCH tender lamb! Our server was very friendly and had a very warm smile. Believe it or not, that always makes a difference! She was very attentive but not over the top, and could laugh along with us which is always nice. I would definitely come back to this restaurant time and time again, and it's great for all occasions: Family celebrations, good friends just laughing up a storm, or even a good sports game. Last time I was here was when the Giants won the game to go to the world series, and everone was lively!! You are missing out if you don't try this place out!
Ever since my favorite Italian restaurant in Palo Alto shut down, I've been longing to find another favorite. We had a great, leisurely dining experience here. While the service was attentive and speedy, they left us alone to dine at our pace when they realized we weren't in a rush -- always appreciated. A very nice ambiance contributed to the relaxing atmosphere. We started off with the brushetta as an appetizer. It was the most unique inclusion of ingredients I have seen. Composed of four flatbread pieces topped with varying types of tapendades (including mushrooms and cheeses, in addition to your standard tomatoes), it was piled with a variety of pickled relishes in the center of the plate that enhanced the tartness and tanginess when added. Definitely not your standard bruschetta dish! I ordered the butternut squash ravioli with mushrooms. The dish was a bit on the sweet side compared to an average pasta, but wasn't too buttery, nor heavy, which is always appreciated. The ravioli were the perfect thickness and consistency. I would definitely return here when in search of a solid Italian meal.
Nice ambient restaurant.  We stopped at a few restaurants around the area on Saturday night and each of the hostess asked of if we had reservation.    Fortunately, we were lucky to find this restaurant a seat.   The place can be a bit tight in some of the tables.   The seating needs to be re-arrange as the waiters kept bumping my left shoulder.   Food was good.
So I came to Palo Alto with high expectations not only for the weather and the slamming scenery, but also for the exquisite dining. After dining at La Strada, I left Palo Alto totally satisfied. The atmosphere and the service at this spot were both above average. As for the food....it was slamming. We started off with the calamari, which is apparently what they are known for, and it was insane. There was some asparagus and some crazy dipping sauce that was out of this world (maybe from Jupiter). As for my main dish, I got the salmon ravioli which also included some delicious halibut inside. Very very very good. For dessert, I got the tiramisu which was the perfect chocolaty ending to a slamming meal. Very well done La Strada...Boom!
Came over here for lunch on a Saturday. I've always passed by La Strada, but I never really had the urge to eat here. Somehow, I ended up drifting to here for a light meal. For starters, although there were only maybe 5 tables worth of customers, the service was a tad on the slow side. Nonetheless, I decided to order the seared ahi tuna salad and my brother had the pasta. The bread that we got had a little tomato spread to it which wasn't bad. As far as my salad goes, it was good but it wasn't out of the ordinary. Around 7 pieces of ahi tuna, tossed with mixed greens and some olives. For $15, I guess this is pretty much what I expected, but it was still underwhelming. I guess more so, the service combined with the mediocracy of the food and the price, brings me to give it a 3 star. Not sure if this would be on my Top 5 spots in downtown PA either. If I really wanted a salad, then I'd just walk across the street and go to Pluto's.
Pretty good Italian food. I had a quail rissoto which tasted pretty good. I still prefer Osteria for Italian food near the University Ave area.
Our waitress was gone for long stretches. Other than that, I was impressed for a first-time visit. Lasagne was very good, could have been a little bigger, but for 12 bucks, probably can't complain. I had minestrone soup and it was very good, not old-fashioned type like one had 40 or so years ago, but fresh, tasty. My wife got a chicken pasta dish and it was good, decent portion. The busboy staff was outstanding. LS has that right. Let the busboys take care of the bread, water, non-alcoholic drinks, serve the plates, etc. The problem was our waitress, and we really liked her as a person. We tried to order dessert, but she totally forgot about us, so we said forget about it. Bill was even late arriving. We gave her 10 percent because of it, but I doubt it was her fault. Management needs to hire more wait staff. The place is always crowded. It's no excuse to not have enough wait stuff. We'll be back to drink some wine, which was very good, too, as well as the food.
It was alright.  Truth be told, I didn't feel like waiting 40 minutes for a seat in Joya on this particularly cold night.  La Strada's right next door and was a good fallback choice. Bread and interesting tomato paste looking spread - spread was okay, bread was pretty good. App: Sauteed calamari.  Pretty nice.  Good quantity, not a lot of flavor.  The roasted garlic pieces were nice, but the flavor didn't really make it into the calamari itself. Entrees: Homemade Gnocci w/ braised pork - Good texture for the gnocci, oddly sweet flavor.  Pork was dry even in the red sauce and not very flavorful. Exotic mushroom pizza w/ truffle oil - not bad.  The few shitakes on there over-powered the rest of the flavors here (as should be expected).  But overall a pretty good pizza. Had a couple of alcoholic drinks, nothing special there. This one's a toss up for me.  I may give La Strada another chance one night, but only if Joya doesn't draw me in (as it often does).
What: Butternut Squash Ravioli When: Lunch Food: 4 stars Service: 4 stars Atmosphere: 4 stars Price: 3 stars Notable item: The bread and the tomato paste (instead of butter) was good
No serious complaints. Sure, the veal ragu homemade pasta dish was a bit bland for my taste, but my dining partner's gnocchi was melt-in-your mouth delicious (with a slightly bland tomato sauce). I'd probably try one of their homemade ravioli or pizza dishes next time. Those looked awesome coming out of the kitchen. Our prosciutto appetizer with fresh mozzarella was fresh and tasty and the complimentary bread/tomato/olive platter was a nice addition to the meal. Extensive and reasonably priced ($7-$13) wine-by-the-glass selection. The cheaper chianti on the menu didn't taste any worse than the more expensive one. Our Italian server added an even more authentic touch to the whole experience. Nice place for a date or dinner with the fam in the middle of University Ave.
I just came here tonight with the gf, and didn't read the reviews beforehand. To be honest, I'm a bit surprised a some of the low ratings. Upon arriving, we were greeted by a pretty friendly hostess and seated right away. We were given water and bread pretty quickly, which is a plus for me. We studied the menu for a few minutes and the waiter came by to take our order. We ordered the golden-fried calamari, butternut squash ravioli, and the gnocchi with braised masami pork... but first! The bread- the came nice and warm; however, the tomato spread that came with it was rather sour so this was either an off day, or you might want to ask for butter or some olive oil. And about the real food? The calamari was okay. The spicy tomato dipping sauce that came with is cold and wasn't spicy... a bit bland tasting actually. The thing that made the calamari dish good wasn't the calamari, but the fried asparagus that came with it. Overall, everything was well fried, and not greasy, which is important. My gnocchi was good. It comes with a generous helping of pork, which is tender and flavorful. The gnocchi is good also. You can tell it's homemade. Not too firm, not too doughy. I was initially worried about the tomato sauce after tasting the tomato spread that comes with the bread, but rest assured, the sauce is very well made for the gnocchi dish. Good stuff! Now here's the problem (sort of)... The gnocchi was good and all, but once I had a taste of my gf's butternut squash ravioli, I suddenly lost interest in my own dish. The raviolis are accompanied by a really generous helping of mushrooms that are delicious. Another good thing about the dish, is that despite the good helping of mushrooms, the butternut squash flavor still came through. Also, it wasn't only me who really liked this dish either, because when I looked around, there were a bunch of other people who ordered the same dish. Always a good sign! The only downside I must point out is that our waiter was rather slow in the end when we were trying to pay. I had my card in the little "payment envelope" (there must be a real name for this, but I can't think of it right now. lol.) for quite a while, and it took him a while to come get it. All the while, he was in the back just sort of walking around. He did come around once during our dinner to see how the food was, but other than that, he wasn't around much. Normally, i would be complaining a bit more about the service, but the thing that really made up for it was the water service. I HATE having dinner with an empty cup of water, and the random workers walking around were ALWAYS on top of it. I never once sat with an empty cup of water more than a few seconds, which is very much appreciated! Overall- a good experience. Will definitely return for more!
I came here for lunch with my mom last weekend and had the chicken panini with greens. My mom had the lunch special with spaghetti and meatballs and a salad. The panini was not bad-had a smokey flavor to it but otherwise the inside was tasty. I tried some spaghetti and the meatballs were also not bad. We also were served with bread with a tomato spread before our meal. Prices here for lunch are $10+ and they had pasta specials that come with a salad and gelato for $12. Good deal I'd say especially for University Ave. Service here was fine and I liked the atmosphere in the restaurant. They had outdoor and inside seating. I'd return again but would venture out to other Italian places in the area first. Overall, not bad.
Ordered the Calamari as an appetizer.  It was average, overcooked, way to crispy.  Although, it had some fried asparagus, which was pretty tasty. I ordered the lamb, top round with eggplant, and other veges...........1-start.  Was not good, lamb overcooked, veges were blah, and they just topped it off with a little balsamic vinegar. My date had some raviolis, butternut squash I think, which was pretty good, but the raviolis were very thin, almost nothing inside. Conclusion: Not going back.
Oh boy, what should I say about this place?  One word -- inconsistent, not a fan at all! I tried twice -- the first time, the pasta was good, tasty, but the pork ravioli was not good at all!  The second time, the paste was totally out! Service -- actually not bad, the server was attentive. Ambiance -- good, perhaps their best feature is the atmosphere! After the second trial, I can say that I won't go back.  They are plenty of good Italian pasta places around the area...
This is a solid Italian restaurant.  It is relatively cheap compared to others in Palo Alto.  I ordered the cheese plate, margherita, squash ravioli and a bunch of bubbly wine. As far as the Margherita, it is not as good as the ones in SF's little italy, but still a decent pie. Think the cheese was the highlight of our meal.  Very good texture and flavors.  The free bread was also a nice touch, but it arrived after our appetizer, which we thought it was a bit odd. The atmosphere is great for dating and couples; the price also won't break your bank. The service is very friendly, but our waitress was a complete ditz.  Our fourth dish never made it.  We ordered our wines twice 'cause the "i'll be right back with it" wasn't back 30 mins later.  My date also ordered another glass that never arrived... and this wasn't even a busy night.
I hadn't visited La Strada in about 2 years and had the pleasure of enjoying my xmas eve dinner here. Service is good but it can be slow.  Luckily on xmas eve it wasn't super busy so we were attended to frequently.  However, I've been here for lunch numerous times and you can easily expect lunch to take 2 hours. Bf had the cioppino and I got the quail risotto.  The pasta here is really good and they make it in house.  However, most of their dishes are super heavy (think sticks of butter in the sauce).  As a result, it's hard to eat a lot of it.  After about 5 minutes I couldn't really eat any more of it. Their best secret weapon is the chocolate suffle cake.  One of the best that I have ever had (and I've had my fair share of chocolate suffles).  It comes out to perfection every time, warm gooey chocolate pours out when you dig into the cake.  Best part is that it's not too sweet and the portion is just right for sharing after a heavy meal -- even for this stingy lady! I probably won't frequent La Strada because I want to keep my pant size.  However, I know that I can count on a good Italian restaurant when I'm looking for one.
A girls day out for my friend who is becoming a mama-to-be, we had reservations for seven here yesterday. Luckily our group was given the back seating area which was great for our group to catch up and plenty of space to accommodate us. What gives this place a three-star rating is their great openness to the streets of downtown Palo Alto. That and their bread which I generous dipped in the oil and balsamic vinegar that gave us. Okay and their ability to always keep our glasses filled. The con part was their entree was not memorable. I ordered their grilled chicken piadina. It came with a very simple mixed greens salad with not dressing or other garnishes and four piadinas. Yes the dish itself was larger then expected and I did eat two piadinas but I was hungry. So completely substance eating and preferring my company over my food says a lot. I do have to say for $10, it did feature a lot of food for its costs. However, I don't remember much of their service. I miss that attentiveness and personality I have experienced at many other places. Needless to say, a few others in our group also do not have a memorable experience with their dishes. Too bad, but it happens.
I came here with some female friends one cold night in Palo Alto (the day after Thanksgiving). Two of my friends got little salads, which they said were amazing. One got some sort of pasta dish which must have been amazing because it was quite large and she ate it all. It certainly looked amazing...mmmm heaps of fresh tomato sauce. I didn't go the salad route despite having gorged myself on delicious things the night before. Instead, I went for...fried calamari and asparagus ( http://media1.px.yelpcdn... ). Mmmm they were delicately fried and served with lemon and this yummy aoli dip, which I had them refill as I ran out. The only strange thing was that there were a several pieces of really really bitter things! I wanted to spit them out. I couldn't tell what these were because they were fried, so I kept eating them and suffering silently each time. They also gave us complimentary bread with yummy tomato paste. It could have been much better if they had warmed the bread, but this point is often lost upon restaurants for some reason.
Came here after dinner for dessert, 30 minutes before closing and stayed for an hour. The staff wasn't pushy at all. Don't ask me why, but we ended up getting the prosciutto sampler that had an array of other cured meats. It was nice to try! Moving on to better things, we had the creme brulee and panna cotta with strawberry compote. It was probably the best panna cotta I had ever had! So delicate and creamy...cool on to the taste. I loved every bit of it. To top it off, I had a refreshing peach bellini to drink. This restaurant is definitely good for desserts as they had a good variety to choose from. I'm looking forward to having dinner here sometime.
I always walk by here and seems to be a very popular place downtown. Finally my friend and I decided to go eat here the other night. After waiting almost 20 minutes to be seated (to be expected on a saturday night) we got seated by the very friendly hostess. Our waiter on the other hand was kind of occupied with his other tables and our service took fairly long through out our whole meal. We both ordered main dish meals - both containing fish - and it was good but wasn't anything out of the ordinary. Don't know what I was expecting, but I was a little disappointed, especially for the price of $23. I guess the service combined with the mediocre food and the price brings me to give it a 3 star. Maybe I should stick more to the traditional pasta dishes if I shall return here.
We decided to have a girls night out here on a Sunday night since many other Italian restaurants in the area are closed on Sundays, but we definitely were not disappointed.  We started with the golden fried calamari which was good- the breading wasn't too heavy and the sauces were good.  You also got a pretty good portion for 4 people to share.  They also brought out some warm bread with some kind of tomato tapenade which we really enjoyed - the bread was warm and crusty and the tomato was a nice complement. for dinner, we had the butternut squash ravioli, vegetable risotto, paccheri with lamb ragu, and farro-curry fettucine with lamb cheeks.  The portions were pretty big but not HUGE and the food was all really good.  As an Italian food snob from New York I didn't expect to have amazing food, but I was definitely pleasantly surprised.
1) Ordered the Gnocchi and tried the Risotto with Quail - Gcocchi was a little too greasy and definately too salty while the Risottoa was way too buttery.  There was no good balance. 2) When I ordered for our team over the phone, the girl didn't know what the grilled calarmari was.  So I said "Totani al Salta" 3 times.  Apparently the name didn't sound familiar so I said "Grilled calamari" and she had no clue what I was talking about it.   I presumed she was new. 3) When I got my gnocchi - my to-go box read "Noyqi" hahahha. Funniest thing ever. This restaurant was definately a disappointment considering it was in downtown Palo Alto.  Not ordering from here again.
I can only say wonderful things about the time I was there. I am definitely going to try out the rest of the menu.
I visited this restaurant last evening. I have seen it quite a few times whilst walking through University Avenue. I love the ambiance. It not only looks nice but also it serves food to surpass it. Once we ordered they got us bread and a  tomato olive dip. The bread was fresh and the dip well seasoned. We ordered pizzas and the squash ravioli. The Funghi and Fontaine cheese pizza was awesome!!! What I loved most about the pizza was its crust... thin and crisp. The mushrooms were juicy. My friend ordered the sausage pizza which he thought was average. The other two had the ravioli and they both loved it. They seemed to have a good selection of desserts but we were too full to try any. The restaurant was packed when we got there. Inspite of that the service was efficient, prompt and friendly. I couldn't find any reason to complain. Overall we had a great time. Will definitely visit this place again.
Very good experience, pizza was excellent ( I am Italian, is quite difficult to make me happy with a pizza!! but this one did the trick!!) I had bruschetta that was good, my hubby had steak and carpaccio, he loved them as well... what to say...very good dinner! and very good wine :) price is good as well
First off, let me explain I'm a slut for melted cheese.  Couple the melted cheese with a happy hour menu...POW!  Seriously, for what I can get here during HH, I would never eat at this restaurant during regular hours because second, I'm a slut for a discount (can you call a HH menu a discount?? cuz I am!). Minus one star (sad face) for the lack of options when it comes to the HH drinks menu.  Moretti?  ::Crickets chirping:: Btw, we received very attentive service sitting at the bar...
I met my Mom here for lunch the other day.  Neither of us had ever been to Palo Alto but it's the midway point between both of our new homes.  I'd probably give 4.5 stars if we could give half points, but since we can't I'll round up.  The food was fabulous! I had the appetizer of fresh heirloom tomatoes, mozzarella and olive oil.  The tomatoes were perfect and tasted as though they'd been picked that morning.  The mozzarella was the freshest and softest I've ever tasted (and I pretty much eat fresh mozzarella whenever I possibly can).  The olive oil was a beautiful bright green, and tasted astonishingly of those hard green olives you'll find in olive bars. The beet salad was also fantastic, topped with heaps of a fresh white cheese that I'd never had before.  I have no idea what it was, and didn't think to ask, but it sure was tasty. The service was pleasant and the outdoor seating was supremely welcomed on this beautiful sunny day.  Although when my Mom went in to use the restroom after the meal the hostess (a different one than the one who sat us) was cranky and told her the restroom was for customers only.  !!!!!  My Mom just chuckled and pointed to the sidewalk table we'd been sitting at.  To her credit the hostess was extremely embarrassed but her faux pas was made on the right person...My Mom is the coolest person ever and just laughed about it, saying how she'd probably space out in such a boring job too. Five stars for my Mom, Four and a half for the restaurant!
People of Palo Alto....I'm really losing faith in you.  Let me guess, your idea of the perfect Italian meal takes place at your local Olive Garden complete with an endless supply of soup and salad followed by an assortment of over 10 types of Chicken Parmesan.  If that's the case, I suppose that La Strada's menu will be quite a shock to you. Let me start out by noting how open and relaxed the ambiance is.  You've got your choice of outdoor seating, indoor seating, bar seating or chef's counter.  This is a medium sized restaurant that might seem small to you because they are pretty much always packed (with non Olive Garden patrons who actually appreciate the cuisine).  They have a cozy and charming semi-private room that I've dined in on several occasions, but I definitely prefer the chef's counter so that I can watch them prepare everything (and try to figure out how they make everything taste so damn good!). The wine list is superb.  I can honestly say that I've enjoyed some of the best Italian wines around while dining at La Strada.  They serve their wine in beautiful stemware too (which always adds to the experience). Now, onto the food.  No visit to La Strada would be complete without sampling their Affettati della Casa.  They offer Prosciutto, Mortadella, Salame, Bresaola and Speck, but you'll never forgive yourself if you don't just order a huge heaping pile of their super thinly sliced Parma Prosciutto (solo).  Eating this on a slice of their Rosemary Focaccia Flatbread is absolutely heavenly. I could go on and on about most of the menu items at La Strada since I've sampled most of them, but that might be boring for you to read.  Plus, after reading my review, you'll want to head down there to try out some of their dishes for yourself (so I won't spoil all of your fun). I will mention that their pizzas are unlike any other that you've had (not thick but not too thin with a perfect balance of toppings), their pastas are truly inspired (don't miss the Casonsei alla Bergamasca), risotto's are so good you'll never be able to eat this dish anywhere else again and their simple yet fresh and flavorful fish offerings will make you wonder how they make it taste so good with so few ingredients. For dessert, don't skip the Warm Valrhona Chocolate Souffle or their take on Tiramisu (with Caramel Sauce!). Service has always been friendly and attentive and parking is a cinch too (since there is a garage directly behind the restaurant). Don't be fooled by the other reviews.  Try it out for yourself.  You won't be disappointed. Thanks for all the great dining experiences La Strada!  I look forward to many, many, many more.
Recently had lunch here with my girlfriends. Based on this one visit alone, I thought the food could've been better. (2.5 stars) We obviously need to go back and try other dishes, preferably from the dinner menu. My main order, the grilled petrole sole sandwich, was comprised of two things that I hate the most: tasteless-ness and excessive oiliness. My friend had the lamb sandwich, and she said it was bland as well. The soup-of-the-day was some bean soup, which was actually decent...at least better than the sandwiches. My other friend had a much more promising experience. She seemingly enjoyed her favorite order - margherita pizza - as well as the grilled chicken salad. She had been here previously and knew what were good. LESSON LEARNED: go with the friends/yelpers' recommendations. The ambiance is breezy and classy...it's very Palo Alto. Prices are agreeable, and the service was pleasantly professional. SUM: Skip the sandwiches. Period.
We stopped in for a casual dinner. We sat at the bar area in front of the brick oven and ordered a couple glasses of wine and some pasta. We got the lasagna special and the seafood mix pasta. My pasta was ridic. It tasted like an ocean in my mouth. Not that great. The seafood smelled and over powered the tomato sauce and pasta. The lasagne was very meaty but nothing was special about it. The pizzas looked more interesting than the pasta. Next time we'll try one instead.
I feel like I have to write a review just to give a shout-out to the wonderful hostess and owner/manager who I met while walking by La Strada. I've eaten here before and while I enjoyed it, it is my gf who is the HUGE fan of their homemade shoestring pasta with lamb. But my review is simply for how friendly the two La Strada people were as we walked past their restaurant this weekend. The first time we ran into them was Saturday night around 9-10 pm.  I was looking for a wine bar, and afterward, wanted some raw oysters.  They could tell we seemed lost and were quite helpful with a few restaurant suggestions.  They wished us luck and even recommended a few of their competitors that were likely to be open and serving at this time of night. The next afternoon, I saw them again as I headed to Red Mango and they remembered us.  They asked if we had any luck with our late night snack of wine and oysters.  We told them that their first suggestion's kitchen had closed for the night and we went home empty-handed. They chit-chatted with us some more and they actually told us that Palo Alto would hopefully soon have more seafood options for aficionados like us.  Surprisingly, downtown PA has very few seafood places.  They shared that planned openings include Crustacean, which would be opening next to Tamarine and their own Spanish tapas place (serving oysters and seafood) that they themselves would be opening in the building next to La Strada. Wonderfully friendly people and with a sincere interest in both downtown Palo Alto and the people who eat there....and I wasn't even a restaurant patron either day!
I'm sad it took me so long to try out this place. Ever since leaving the proximity of Cafe Pro Bono, I've been struggling to find a decent Italian place near my downtown Palo Alto office. Osteria just doesn't cut it, folks. I came here to take a candidate out to lunch on a Wednesday.  Definitely not too busy around 12:30, which is a plus. The bread was soft on the inside, but had a harder crust. It comes with a tomato paste. I liked it, but my coworker didn't care for it. For appetizers, go with the Affettati della Casa. It's just a nice collection of cured meats, olives, and rosemary focaccia bread. I'd also add the mozzarella. One of my friends who raves about this place claims they have the best pizza in Palo Alto. Thus, I tried the Pizza con Salsiccia Piccante, which in English means a pretty good Neapolitan pizza with spicy sausage and artichokes. Definitely not a bad pizza, but I thought the sausage and artichokes dominated the flavors too much. Next time I come here, I'll stick with the Margherita. Four stars, because if you like Italian food, I'd encourage you to come here.
In a nutshell: Food - 3.5 stars P/C (bang for the buck) - 3.5 stars Service - 3.5 stars It'd been a while since I trudged through University Avenue in Palo Alto - just about in the six months' timeframe, I could see that a lot has changed in the restaurant scene - many restaurants were made over into new restaurants.  Of those, La Strada wasn't one of them and that's why we decided to lunch there (and we were craving for some decent thin-crust pizza). It was a real hot day so we opted for a cold beer while we looked at the menu.  Not too many places have the Moretti but La Strada carried it, so we opted for it - always like the minerally, slightly bitter, but not as effervescent finish of the beer. Anyway, the menu was pretty extensive and varied.  My friend and I got a thing of the ahi tuna salad (not exactly italian, but that was the only salad that sounded decent) and a fontina and wild mushroom pizza.  Both dishes were HUGE - the salad could easily be shared amont 3~4 people and the pizza had 6 BIG slices.  The salad had a little too much going on though - almost like an antipasti style - a little bit of pickled pepeers here and a bit of olives there.  The ingredients themselves looked fresh and well seasoned, it could have been a little less salty in my opinion.  The pizza was well cooked but since they used the fresh mushrooms, it was runny, which kinda drove me crazy, the toppings all fell apart when i was trying to grab the slice by my hand.  Why wouldn't restaurants use dry or half-dry mushrooms to put on pizzas - they have so much more flavors... In conclusion: In addition to the food, the service was decent and the ambiance was decent - a solid 3 star restaurant in my opinion.
There's so many reasons why I liked La Strada: it's in Palo Alto, which I love, with a nice outdoor patio on University Ave; they have authentic Italian food, which is correctly spelled on the menu and tastes great; they take their time before serving you (which, to me, means that they actually COOK the food before serving it). We ordered mozzarella di bufala with caponata, gnocchi with wild boar ragu, and mushroom pappardelle. And I won't even mention the desserts or you'll start biting your desk, computer and anything (or anyone) that has the misfortune of being around you right now. It makes me really sad when I go to an Italian restaurant that is full of people but turns out to be crappy. I wish nobody confused "fettuccini alfredo" and "carpaccio with mustard" with real Italian. So, here's my shout out to La Strada for letting us enjoy a taste of Italy while being miles away... Today, I emailed all my Italian friend and suggested them to go there with someone special, or if they're simply homesick. Oh, and I'm Italian, so this review is worth 5 :)
More often than not my bf encourages me to decide where we go out to eat, and this allows us to enjoy a hit or miss variety of eclectic places that are sometimes incredibly bad. Fortunately my bf, who has impeccable taste in restaurants, was doing the choosing last Sunday. La Strada was awesome, with a pleasantly busy/buzzing vibe for a Sunday night. We had a reservation but probably would have been seated without one. I'm sure that would not have been the case on a Friday or Saturday night. La Strada cooks their pizza in a wood fire oven and I usually like to make it a point to try and consume any pizza I encounter that has been prepared this way, but for once I was terribly tired of pizza. There were several other vegetarian options on the menu and I chose the asparagus risotto, which came in a sort of cheesy shell/bowl and was frigging amazing. My bf, who had ordered some kind of pasta pillows with pig cheeks (erm, what kind of cheeks? "ew" either way) and is not a big fan of any sort of risotto/paella rice-type dish, totally had entree-envy after trying mine. The appetizers were delish as well. The server recommended something from the daily specials menu with cucumber, heirloom tomatoes and some really fresh, soft buffalo mozzarella that was awesome (why can't I find buffalo mozzarella like that at the store?) There was a cheese platter with some really nice cheeses on it and some mystery appetizer that someone said was eggplant but they didn't sound too sure and by looking at it I thought it looked suspiciously like blood sausage or squid terrine or who knows what so I refused to try it. The wine was QUITE tasty and the dessert wine was as well. Oh, dessert! You know, I don't remember exactly what we had, just that we couldn't agree on which dessert to have so instead of splitting one we each got our own and then shared them and they were both delicious. No wait, mine was better even though it wasn't the chocolate one with the melty chocolate inside, and don't let my bf tell you otherwise because he was still eating mine after I decided that even my dessert stomach was full. If you check out this restaurant's website, the picture on the front page does a great job of capturing the vibe and look of the place. The server was very good and I have to give her credit for at least *trying* to sell us the most expensive bottle of wine on the menu. I highly recommend everyone and their mother eat here.
I love it when bread and butter is more than just...well..bread and butter. And La Strada in Palo Alto does just so: they serve this delicious roasted tomato tapanade that you can spread on the focaccia they serve you. Soooo good I asked for more...and for some to-go, which the waiter so graciously gave me extra of :). Which brings me to the next highlight of this restaurant: super friendly, attentive service. However...on a Friday night at about 6pm, I was surprised to see only 1 waiter (serving about 10 tables) amongst many runners...weird. Surprisingly he was able to keep up pretty well though! Food wise, the Risotto with Sweet Peas and Stuffed Quail hit the spot in terms of comfort. The risotto was really rich and satisfying. The entire dish was seasoned really well and there was a plentiful amount to take home to go. The dish would have been perfect if the quail wasn't so over-cooked. My friend ordered a beefy gnocchi plate which was alright. I've had softer and better (Sodini's in North Beach, San Francisco!). Maybe it's just me, but I think the silkyness of gnocchi shouldn't be bothered by any other obscure textures. And now...on to dessert. The Chocolate Souffle is definitely BOMB DIGGITY! The PERFECT size (regular muffin pan size) for one selfish, happy girl =). Served a la mode. Not too sweet, with an emphasis on the chocolate. The warm chocolate ganache just oozes out and TOTALLY makes your day. Simply...*happy sigh*.
It seems that dishes here are a bit hit or miss.  Nothing is bad, per se, but some menu items are better than others. I pride myself on basically NEVER having "entree envy".  But holy moly.  The filet mignon?!  You have to be kidding me, it is mouth-watering.  Excellent flavor, buttery texture.  Absolutely delicious.  I. Was. JEALOUS. Unlike my companion, I ordered the veal, which was tasty but a bit salty.  I felt like it could have been done better...the sauce overpowered the meat. The service was very good and the wine selection definitely did not disappoint. I'd come here again, but you'd better believe that I'm ordering the filet!
The food was fantastic. First Course. We split an order of the Calimari. It was excellent. Very well seasoned and had some sort of a red wine glaze. Very tender and flavorful. Second course. I ordered  the Mozzerella di Bufala - a sorta caprese salad with a sweet little cucumber twist to it. It was excellent quality mozzarella, fresh and great tasting cherry tomatoes, with an olive oil drizzle. Third Course. Sausage Pizza. It was amazing. The crust was crispy but still soft despite the fact it was thin crusted. The sauce itself was delectable and very well balanced between the obviously fresh mozzarella cheese and the spicy sausage as the topping. Last Course. We chose to split 2 deserts, the Creme Brulee, and the Valrhona Chocolate Souffle. Both were amazing. Since the restaurant's chef seemed to be from northern Italy both the dishes were very well balanced - not overly sweet - they definitely know how to do desert right. As a bonus, we were given a very good Apple Tart surrounded very beautifully with caramel sauce. Our waiter was actually the manager, since it's a pretty small place, and he was really nice and very helpful to us.  Make sure you try the pizzas if you have a chance (or want) as it was just amazing.
A friend and I came here after wandering round an' round Palo Alto for a suitable place to eat. The restaurant has a beautiful outdoor patio with looked wonderful to sit at, so we inquired about a table. To my disappointment, we were led all the way past the happy customers in the breezy patio, past the tables near the cooks and the oven and the warm atmosphere, to a tiny back room which felt crowded and cramped. Sigh. The restaurant's saving grace were the -immense- portions of the individual pizzas. Each one was not that expensive and could easily feed both of us. My friend got the margherita and I got the funghi e fontina (mushrooms, fontina, and truffle oil), and both were excellent. We weren't able to try the wines, appetizers, and desserts, but our meal has inspired me to come here again.
Sometimes i don't get you, yelpers. You trash some of my favorite places and lead me to believe that you just have high standards. So i go and try this place, a place that many say is the best Italian on University and person after person raves about. I had such faith in you and you let me down. Or maybe it was La Strada that let me down. My mom got a fish dish (the one that comes wrapped in parchment paper) and i got a pasta dish, then we split a risotto. None of it was very good. It wasn't bad, there was just no flavor going on, but thats what i love about Italian food, the vibrant flavors. I left feeling unsatisfied and with a much lighter wallet. You may say that i am too harsh on expensive restaurants that dont deliver but i would contend that when you set your prices so high, you're raising the bar for yourself. Its equivalent to talking trash in sports. If you talk a big game and then can't deliver you get laughed at. Meanwhile, if you had just shut up, charged normal prices, and given such a performance i would let you slide a little bit. So when i give you a low rating, its me laughing at you and penalizing you for talking a big game, raising the bar for your self, getting all arrogant, and then coming up lame halfway through the race.
I like the fact that they have a lunch menu that includes a salad and gellato.  My husband and I ordered different plates and took bites of each others food which was both very good. It's a casual place with seating inside and outside.  Service is a little slow.  Our waiter seemed a little rude but I guess he was just having a bad day. I found it a bit strange that the chef came out to ask me to put my dog on the floor (he was asleep on my lap) when the table next to us had 2 dogs (sitting on their laps) and he didn't even bother saying the same to them.  Few minutes later an attractive Italian looking man came to tell me that the chef talked to us by mistake and he was meant to talk to the other table. I can understand their concern about dog hair so I don't mind the request but it really should be to all patrons that have dogs and not use one person as an example. I will most likely be back for the food as it was delicious.  I've never seen my husband empty a plate in a restaurant before.
Lovely warm environment that exudes a certain standard of presence.   If this were my University days, I'd take my parents here to eat if they were in town.  Attentive service, fresh bread, and decent wine.  The food isn't striking, but does suffice as grounds for good conversation. ++ | Paccheri Pasta with Lamb Ragu | A rich man's comfort food.  A rich meaty sauce over simple pasta.  Nicely done. ++ | Butternut Squash Ravioli | Although a meatless dish, it's well-paired with mushrooms and a well-made sauce that holds its own, but isn't overpowering. -- Buckwheat Pappardelle "Healthy" would be the word to describe this dish, as the buckwheat takes away from the delicious carb-loaded goodness I feel like this dish should have. I'm loving life out on the Palo Alto town! Dinner+Wine for 3 = $24/person
I headed down to Uni Ave to get some air and take a walk. Eating some dinner seemed like a good plan as well, and as I passed La Strada, the smell of Italian cooking took control of my senses. It's amazing how the smell of spaghetti sauce transports me back to happy memories of family meals in the New Jersey heat and humidity, surrounded by cousins and grandparents; sailing in the bay, the Jersey Shore, my cousin's ice cream shop, the scratchy old black and white tv out in my grandpa's shed.... I headed in and sat down at the bar. The place is classy and clean, brightly lit, even a bit romantic. I'd bring a date here. And from the looks of it, several folks had. A nice gal behind the bar immediately apologized to me, "our bartender's sick, we're trying to fill in for him." OK by me, I wasn't in to drink. As it turned out, that nice gal was one of the owners. She and her son were working behind the bar, doing what they could to keep their customers happy without "professional" help. How could it get any better? --I was in the mood for family, and I got one, albeit someone else's. The son, Peter, joked a bit with me about trying to fill in for their regular bartender: "I went to bartending school. It was fun, but we primarily serve coffee and wine here. Guess what they didn't cover in bartending school. Coffee and wine." Ha! He did just fine, though he was still getting used to the computer system, and took a little longer than usual Fortunately, they were honest and up front the moment I sat down, so I had no problem with that, and instead enjoyed listening to the mother/son banter. Peter, with the help of his mom (who's name I didn't get. Doh!) helped me choose a meal. I was leaning towards the black olive spaghetti, but he pointed out the gnocci with wild boar. "Surprisingly, this isn't boar my dad hunted." Cool! A local restaurant [occasionally] featuring local... wild animals! I ordered it, as well as a small salad, and a glass of wine. The salad was ok -- I expected a tangy vinegar and olive oil sauce at Italian restaurants, and this one was more olive oil than vinegar, and just a little bit on the bland side. However, the gnocci... OMFG. It was fantastic; soft and light, unlike gnocci I've had anywhere else (usually it's super dense and heavy). The sauce was a wine sauce that was tangy and tasty, the boar was tasty... all around this was a great dish. I had an affogato for dessert -- the espresso was poured over the ice cream, which was different for me, but not bad at all. I loved the espresso beans in the ice cream, and munched on them happily. While having dessert, owner and father Sal walked up, and we sat and talked about Italy, about affogato (he prefers less ice cream so the flavor of the espresso really sinks in), about family, about real estate. He mentioned that he had heard Seattle was beautiful but never been. I left full and satisfied. Not only with food, but with family, and reminded that I need to book another trip home soon. And back here, to try the olive spaghetti. :D
Well I will be a little more generous than Kelly T. and Janette W for the experience of the same night. I chose this place for a large party for a girl's night out on a Saturday.  When I called intially the girl on the phone hardly knew how to speak it seemed but scheduled my party in for 8:30pm on a Saturday for 14.  Moments after making my reservation a man calls back to inform me that they don't do large party reservations on Saturdays.  From here I ask where he would recommend then . . . .he then I guess changed his mind and said if we could do a later time he could accomodate us.  I was happy and agreed for a 9pm reservation.  It had pretty good reviews, open later and allowed a reservation for 14 on a Saturday night - hard to do.  So though odd that the girl didn't know what she was doing, I was intially secure in my choice. A bit before 9pm Saturday a group of 9 girls arrive and we wait for no more than 10 minutes while our table was setup.  So the positive flow was still going . . . .  we are seated in a more private side room, only 4 other men at another table were in there.  So this was great, a room for the girls to chat, be a bit loud and cheer to! From here . . .down hill. I started with ordering one bottle of white wine - $36 - ok not too bad.  He brings it out, it's tasty and we start to drink (already had been to a wine bar . .)  From here our waitor and buser were rude, seemed to be put off and rather slow to help us. The bread took forever to come out, which was lackluster, along with the lackluster sundried tomato spread. I shared an entree with a friend.  A lamb liguini - ok, nothing special, light butter sauce, slightly spicy lamb - not bad just not fantastic for $19.  But if was plenty for two to share. Ordering another bottle from here, another white - $42 - I taste and the girls with me decided we didn't like it.  I ask if we have to buy it - he gives me some attitude - like we won't just let you try everything.  Um, I wasn't asking that, I was actually trying to ask what he would recommend . . . so I just said screw it and ordered the same bottle as before . . . .jerk. Continuing we drink, cheers again and get the bill.  For 9 people, 2 bottles, smaller plates, gratity included - 212 - so not bad at all - kind of cheap - maybe that was our problem - we weren't spending hords of money????? The service was way below quality, the food was mediocor, the wine decent but overpriced for the quality, the place charming and cute and only the company of my gals made it any better. I'd say pass  . . .there is already so much on the row already.
Came here for lunch, unplanned. Mom ordered the chix salad, according to her sensitive palate nothing had salt and chicken was bland. My ahi tuna salad was ok, could have used some mixing of the ingredients. Dad's chicken sandwich was barely half eaten which is rare for him: said the chicken was bland and not much flavor. His minestrone soup was served on a creme brulee dish (snicker). I would not recommend. Tho service was good!
Had dinner at the bar with Victoria on Saturday.  Great ambiance - you're right next to the word burning oven and the pizzaiolo doing his thing.  The branzino done up with tomatoes/olives and and Chicken alla diavola were both great, as were their salads. Oscar the bartender comped us a panna cotta, which he said he always does when you have the branzino... Service was awesome (I like sitting at the bar) and it's reasonably priced $40 per person with wine, appetizer, entree and Oscar's free panna cotta...
3.5 stars - 4 stars for food and 2-3 stars for service.  For some reasons, their service has yet to improve...perhaps because it hasn't stopped anyone from going or returning - I know it hasn't stopped me. For lunch, their paninis are great - the Piadina Modenese (prosciutto, arugula, tomato & mozzarella) is sooo good.  The portion is HUGE and it comes with a small side salad on the plate for $8.50, that's a steal in prime downtown Palo Alto.  Seriously, it's good enough for 2 but I wouldn't want to share it with anyone. Their pizzas are good too - thin crust.  Get the one with prosciutto - it's so light and the prosciuttos are freshly sliced and piled on top.  Their antipasti is very good too - good selection, you can opt to have w/ cheese or w/o. Dinner - pasta and risotto are good.
Boo! That's all that needs to be said - Believe me, you will see some reviews on this place soon and once you read those you'll understand. I have been treated so poorly by servers OR busboys in my life. Okay, okay - Jan's Seafood Pizza was good compared to the rest but still - Boo!
Mmmm mmm mmm. Delicious food. A constantly changing menu of unique Italian dishes. Nice ambience with great lighting. What more could you ask for? Most of the time I had to ask the waitress to translate the menu because its has a whole bunch of ingredients I've never heard of. Either way, those ingredients are delicious! Then again, they could probably serve human spleen and I would have no idea. Only drawback: It's a little pricey.
Came here for the first time on a summer evening with a friend for a late dinner. We liked their dishes in the menu and were charmed by the ambience. The tables had candle centerpieces, and the restaurant is open with high ceilings. But we couldn't say no to the outdoor seating since it was such a nice night. We ordered two risottos and a bottle of Chardonnay. Our attentive waiter told us we will have to wait about eight minutes for our food. Which was perfectly fine since we had our delicious wine, and the complimentary bread with palatable tapenade. I had the Risotto with Boneless Quail & Sweet Peas, and it was very satisfying. The quail was stuffed with spinach, and it was easy to eat in the dark lighting. The rice with peas were rich and appetizing that I savored every bite. My friend ordered the Risotto Frutti de Mare which comes with seafood in tomato broth. He offered me a bite with a piece of shrimp and it was just as delicious as mine. However, the rice wasn't as flavorsome because of the broth, but that's just my preference. The scrumptious food came in hot, the service was excellent, and the dinner was enjoyable. Too bad I didn't make room for dessert... because their dessert menu seemed very toothsome. But I will be back for that next time!
I'm a fan of La Strada because it's low key, not to noisy, and the food is actually really good. My first time there I had a Risotto that was packed full of flavor and my second time was a salmon that was cooked surprisingly well. (most places overcook salmon IMO). The only reason I give them 4 stars, the waiters are a bit pushy when it comes to ordering when I've gone, it's like they want you to order what they want you to order...but...aside from that, great service.
I've been to La Strada with my wife about five times already and it just doesn't cut it. I think the ambiance is nice but the food seems overpriced and forgettable.  We had the petrale sole and it wasn't warm.  It had no steam coming out.  It was very flat.  The Schiaciatta pizza tasted flat. There was no flavor. Very disappointing.  But what the hell do they care?  The Palo Alto crowd has lots of money to drop.  Dropping $20 on a dish is nothing to them.  Most of these people don't know what good food is anyway.  In Italy, the restaurants will serve crap to Americans and see if they complain about it.  The Italians will test you to see if you have any taste buds. They will respect you more if you call their bluff. La Strada means "street" in Italian. I would tell them to get real or hit the road.
Kind of a business casual bistro ambiance with an open kitchen.  They have a nice outside patio with heaters also.  I've been here twice.  Once for dinner and once for lunch, and had completely different experiences. Dinner was pretty good.  We ordered: Casonsei alla Bergamasca:  This was pretty good.  Ravioli was just the right consistency and flavor. Chitarrine con Sugo d' Angnello:  This was very good, although a little salty. Lunch was AWEFUL.  I ordered: Spaghetti Vongole Veraci:  Can you say salt?  My goodness!  I could not finish this dish because first, the pasta was more than al dente, it was hard as rock.  Second, they salted the hell out of this dish.  I was thirsty for days.
We got fooled by its exterior appearance and had a pretty bad meal in here.   It was about 3pm, and the restaurant was almost empty, the chef was too busy bonding with his family or friends, and didn't have time to even do some quality control on the meal that were served to the customers. You can usually tell if it's a good Italian restaurant simply by judging the quality of bread they served you.  It was luke warm (definitely not fresh), semi-hard, and comes with a tomato paste.  OK fine, let's get to the main course.  The chicken ravioli was gross... it was served on a heavy cream sauce and the pasta doesn't taste cooked.  It was still pretty hard.  Risotto Frutti Di Mare is the seafood risotto that includes mussels, prawns, scallops, and calamari, on a tomato base sauce.  Well, it was also pretty gross.  I have to chew really hard on every bite because the risotto was also so not thoroughly cooked!  And it was too salty.  How disappointing!   And the total of having these 2 gross main courses was $33 (with tax and tip).  I swear I will not come back ever again.
High 3.5 stars. Not your spaghetti and red sauce Italian.  And thank god. With a focus on northern italian fare, la strada provides solid, honest food.  Simple and tasty is where it's at.  I've had the short rib on polenta, and the lamb with arugula, parm, truffle oil, potatoes, and tomatoes.  Both were pretty darned good.  I wish the potatoes and tomatoes were cooked a bit more, but otherwise, great. The melon and prosciutto, at $10, seems a bit expensive.  Otherwise, prices are in line.
I came for lunch and thought it was good but not extraordinary.  Appetizers were good - the buffalo mozzarella and the calamari.  Per other yelpers, the pizza was tasty - the spicy sausage was the best but the margherita was decent too.  The entree disappointed the most - I had the Paccheri e Calamari, and although the ribbons of pasta were well cooked and textured, the plain tomato sauce wasn't very strong in flavor.  My friend's sausage ravioli was good, leading me to believe that anything with sausage is probably a good bet on the menu.  The chocolate souflee for dessert was a highlight. Pluses - great service and it seemed pretty easy to snag a table for lunch.  Overall, not a bad place but not a must-eat.
Came here again a couple times recently.  The food is still in the good to very good range, but it seems to me the value has gone down.  Therefore so has my rating. The pizza is good.  The antipasta meat platter is a little on the expensive side - $9 for 2-3 slices each of 4 meats and a little bowl of really tasty almonds.  $3 if you want to add the fresh cow's milk mozzarella. I also had the gnocchi with wild boar.  The boar was dry.  Boo.  Half of the gnocchi were perfect and half were soggy.  It was also a surprisingly small portion for the price.  Even for Palo Alto.  Basically, the prices should be 20% lower an I'd have been a happy camper.  Since it's downtown PA, I'd even have been satisfied if it was 10% less. The service was excellent, as it always has been.  And their tomato/mint tapenade is growing on me.
Well, I've been here 3 or 4 times now, with various people.  All in all, it's a pretty decent... Read more 
We came here because they could accommodate a party of 12 without a wait of 40 minutes, like cheesecake. +.5 star The decor was modern, and I loved the outside sitting. +.5 stars Our waitress was patient and friendly.  +1 star Now the food.... For appetizers, we got the Maialetto E Lenticchie.  The day before I tried the same "crispy pig belly" at Wood Tavern, so I knew what to expect.  However, the pig belly here, was definitely overcooked.  It was dry where it should be moist and cement-like where it should be crispy.  We had the hardest time cutting through the pork.  Definitely not worth $12.  +0 stars For the main dish, I got the Housemade Gnocchi with wild boar & Sangiovese Wine Ragu. One word to sum it up.... blah.  The sauce tasted like watery marinara sauce, and the gnocchi was obviously homemade... something I would make at home (fyi I'm a horrible cook).  I didn't really prefer the wild boar either, but to be fair, I don't think that's the fault of the restaurant... just how the meat is supposed to taste.  Either way that deserved +0 stars Conclusion: I gave it two stars.  I would have taken off a star for being too expensive for the quality of food I got, but I thought that would be too mean.
This is my first time coming here.  It was Girl's Night Out and we chose this place for dinner before heading out to Blue Chalk. The wait wasn't too long and pretty soon we were seated.  There were 4 of us so it wasn't  hard for them to accomodate our group.  The restaurant was pretty nice and I really like the decor and colors of the place.  The lighting was warm & inviting.  A pretty nice place to take a date out or go for a family outing. The service was pretty good.  Menus were brought out and drink orders were placed after a few moments.  While we were scanning the menus, the bread and the dried tomato spread were brought out.  My friends weren't too impressed with the spread but I actually liked it. I also enjoyed my plate of Risotto Frutti de Mare with wild rice.  There were plenty of seafood mixed in, so for $18 I thought it was pretty reasonable for the portions that they gave me.    I can't recalled what my friends ordered though.  We also didn't order any bottles of wine so no comments. All in all, I enjoyed my time here.  Service was good since they check up on us many times and even took a group pic for us when we asked.  I will most likely be back if I'm in the area and want some Italian dish.
I am obsessed with the quail & kale risotto here. The Italian mojito thing was way too strong. I will be back for the quail. Yum!
This is more like 1.5 stars. I went there with my girlfriend on a Sunday afternoon, right when their happy hour was beginning. We asked the hostess (who was wearing this curiously short, tight, inappropriate for work skirt, but then we saw her at American Apparel later so it made sense) if we could get the happy hour prices a couple of minutes early. She said that was fine. The prices for happy hour are okay, but the regular prices are kind of expensive. I got a basic sausage-type of pizza, while my gf got the prosciutto pizza. Mine was okay, kind of basic, but man, that prosciutto. It was raw, cold, kind of slimy. It tasted like congealed fat. Completely disgusting. We tried taking it off, but an arugula pizza isn't too good either. The worst pizza we've had, by far. I mean, we love pizza! It's the best food in the world! There was a little misunderstanding with the price, but eventually we got the happy hour price, which saved this review from getting one star. Maybe the other food is better, but based on what we ordered, not recommended.
It's all about the Risotto and Chocolate Souffle. I have been going here for years and I usually stick with the fish in parchment paper, which is pretty good, but not filling.  The wonderful waitress we had suggested the risotto.  I'm so glad I listened to her!  AMAZING. This place is great because I feel like I get a decent quality meal but it's not stuffy.  You can dine outside with a glass of wine of a hot summer night and it's perfect!
Kelly said it best... Boo! Service- not impressive! Food- Not impressive. I had the seafood pizza, which sounds like an awesome idea.. but sadly it wasn't. I was hungry about an hour later and it did not provide a good basis for the drinking I was about to do.(Yes I am blaming the pizza for being hungover) Also, we ordered a second bottle of wine. When he came, he allowed us to taste this new bottle and it wasn't to our liking. After we informed him, he acted like we were just tasting and told us he can't just keep opening bottles all night. Obviously! I won't be going back.
A dinner on University Ave is quite nice on an early summer evening. You can dine outside and enjoy the nice weather without Stanford students running all over the place. Traffic on University can also be a distraction but that also slows down around summer time. The menu does not have a huge selection which was great for me because I saw Cioppino and immediately stopped perusing. It came with an abundance of seafood in a fantastic rich flavorful tomato broth. It came with half a lobster, clams, mussels, scallops, fish and the everything else in the ocean except for seahorses. Having that with the toasted crustini was fantastic. Prices are very reasonable and like most Italian restaurants, great service. Solid restaurant to go to in downtown Palo Alto for any occasion.
4-4.5 stars. AWESOME risotto. My friend and I went here for dinner, and we both had risotto. Lots of risotto choices too, which I don't see often. So if you're into risotto, and really, who isn't.. then you should go here. I'll stop saying risotto now. Anyway, my friend had the vegetarian version, which was really flavorful. I'm not vegetarian at all, and even I enjoyed the small bits I stole from her plate. It also came in a really nice baked cheese bowl. Yep, bowl made out of cheese. Points for that. My risotto had quail, and it was oh-so-good. Of course it's quail so there wasn't a lot of meat, but the flavor more than made up for it. The dessert was solid but forgettable (I've literally forgotten, which means it's neither extraordinary nor horrible). Generally good atmosphere and nice medium lightning -- not too bright but not too dim.
Palo Alto has a glut of Italian restaurants.  Osteria, Bella Luna, Pasta?, Caffe Riace, Mad & 5th, Niebaum-Coppola (or whatever it is called now), Il Fornaio, and a few others. I'd put La Strada towards the upper end of these, up there with Osteria, better than Pasta?, and WAY better than Mad & 5th and Niebaum-Coppola. To start out, the bread at the table is very good: lightly charred on the outside and stretchy and moist on the inside.  The red pepper spread they give is also very good. We had the Caprese Salad (Mozzarella di Buffala), and a couple types of ravioli, the mozzarella-stuffed one with tomatoes, basil, and white wine sauce, and a sausage-stuffed one with bacon, sage and brown butter sauce. The mozzarella di buffala was good.  The tomatoes were ripe and the cheese was fresh.  Not much else going on there.  The mozzarella ravioli was also good, with good seasoning and a nice strong flavor.  The sausage ravioli was excellent.  It was very rich, flavorful, and well-prepared.  Both ravioli were in the order of 8-12 pieces, which was a reasonable amount. For dessert we had some sort of flavored creme brulee.  It was alright, but a bit overcooked. For lunch, entrees were in the teens, appetizers were high single digits, and desserts are around $8. I'd recommend going here, but going elsewhere for dessert.
Yum yum yum! Warm crispy bread with sun dried tomato spread. Grilled calamari with a rich flavor. Tender lamb chops! Great coffee! The wait staff is fast and efficient! Very reasonable pricing for the tasty food and relaxed atmosphere.
I had the best bacon of my LIFE on a pasta dish here.  I was floored by the savory taste. Ahhh.  Wasn't expecting it which made it so much better. Really enjoy the open air feel and the unique "at an angle" front of the restaurant.  You can either sit at a table along the street, within the first enclave but still outdoors or inside which makes a great trio of locales. Always have cute hosts waiting for you along Univesity Ave too.
I came to La Strada for the fourth time in the last few years and while my past memories weren't great, everything we tried today was, so I'm going to review what I remember. I'd gotten the sausage ravioli a couple times before and it was always tremendous.  I remember it being better than anything else I had tried.  It in a sage brown butter sauce with amaretto and is a perfect combination of sweet and buttery.  The sausage itself was quite tasty and the ravioli is cooked to be almost crispy, but the amaretto butter is what makes the dish so memorable.  As long your not adverse to sausage (and admittedly even I am), try this dish first. Since I'd had this dish a bunch, I went for the tomato mozzarella ravioli instead.  This one was awesome.  The tomatoes were some of the most potent I've had.  Somehow they squeezed all the flavor of a whole tomato into the the squished red and yellow cherry tomatoes on top of the ravioli.  Every bite of this dish was fantastic. We also got the sausage pizza which was pretty quality.  Thin crust and not too cheesy or too saucy.  I'd recommend it. Despite feeling Palo Alto shi-shi, the prices aren't too bad either.  The bread is pretty good and comes with a tomato spread that is interesting, but grows tiresome pretty quickly.
I do not like this place.  The problem isn't so much the food. The sole is a bit bland and overpriced, but not terrible.  The pasta was similarly decent and unspectacular.  The problem was that, at the end, the only thing that really made an impression was the LACK OF VENTILATION.   I don't know what the problem is, but if you're grilling meats and using a wood-fired brick oven, you need a damn good ventilation system.  By the time I left, I REEKED like I'd been eating korean bbq.  That is all well and good when you know you're going to eat korean bbq and can prepare an all-cotton outfit accordingly.  But it is NOT okay when the expectations are that you'll be eating at a kinda pricey palo alto restaurant.  And not to say that I wouldn't have showered anyway, but I resent it when a restaurant makes it so that I no longer have a choice in the matter. That said, if you ever find yourself here, I would recommend sitting outside.  Also, the valhorna chocolate cake I had here once was nice.  And their bread was pretty good--all wood-oveny.  Makes me think that the pizza might be decent.
Tried it last night - yummy. Any restaurant with outdoor seating on University gets bonus points and just needs not to lose them. I tried three dishes: - heirloom tomato, cucumber, basil & burrata salad -- fresh & yummy - sausage ravioli - delicious; i could have eaten two portions - chocolate souffle - solid, served w/ small dabs of whipped cream and vanilla bean ice cream I had two glasses of wine by the glass but didn't really examine the wine list. The only think I found amusing is that the restaurant uses unnecessarily flowery/marketing language in the menu.  I didn't understand a bunch of the words, as it mixed Italian and English, even in the descriptions. Also, it's a bit pricey.
Their mozzarella and cucumber appetizer is the sort of light taste that takes a hefty seat in your mouth at first but instantly vanishes to leave a cool linger in your mouth. Loved it! Had a pizza with spicy sausage, artichokes and mozzarella; definitely tasted natural without too much piled on but happened to be one of those flavors that you tire of after about two slices.
Good food at decent prices.  It's more casual than some of the other places on University, but it's still nice.  The service was excellent -that is 5 stars on its own.  I had a spicy sausage pizza which I highly suggest if you were ever a fan of those tostino's party pizzas. hahaha. Some of you probably think that those are gross...but Tostino's pizzas were my FAVE snack when I was growing up, so having a legitimate version of this was spectacular to me!! My group also had calamari to start.  The others ordered the gnocci, another type of pizza with prosciutto, and the lambchops.  All were good and there were absolutely no complaints!
I wanted to like this place. I have walked by it a million times and it's always looked classy and tasty, so I gave it a try yesterday. I made a mistake, though, and tried to go during the dinner hour of some Palo Alto music and movie festival. They were busy and although they told me 10-15 minutes on a table it took at least 30. Then, it took a long time to get our food. And when we got our food, it was only ok. My fiancee's frutti de mare risotto was ok, but not great. (She gave me her scallop, and it was overcooked and dry) My pasta and lamb was actually just a mound of pasta, some of which had stuck together during cooking, with ground lamb on top. One of my friends loves this place; it's the place he goes for a great meal. Maybe I shouldn't have ordered pasta, and I definitely shouldn't have gone during this festival. Maybe it's me. But I just didn't love it.
My fiance and I came here for a date night after getting our engagement photos taken. It has a mellow, romantic atmosphere with excellent service. The food was good also, but I have had better. The food presentation was lovely. :)
Having just come back from a 4-day long back packing trip and through some lack of foresight, having only had Clif bars, beef jerky, and spam during that time, I decided to go out to eat with my fiancee upon my return. One might expect that one's first meal back in an industrialized area would be spectacular, whether it be Pizza Hut or Applebee's, especially if you've just endured 4 days of simple snack foods high in calories. Unfortunately, that was not particularly the case here. Rather, for the price, the Chicken Fried Chicken at Applebee's seems more appealing in hind sight. The service was rather slow and the prices were slightly inflated given the quality of the food (although that seems to be the case anywhere in down town Palo Alto). Now, the food is not horrendous, it just was not the most fantastic food in the world. It was slightly bland actually. If I had a choice of an Italian restaurant in that area, my first recommendation would be Osteria, where you would actually need to make a reservation first. But if you need a last minute meal and happen to be in the area, La Strada is not a bad choice - definitely much better than Pasta? right across the street.
Great location on University Ave. So many great restaurants to choose from here, and I was happy with my decision to stop at La Strada. The food was great, the wine was good and reasonably priced. The service was also excellent, a little confusing at times as we had two waiters "fighting" over us...and our waiter that "missed us" kept helping out. Therefore having two servers is better than one! Bruchetta fans: definitely try their unique spin on the traditional italian dish. If ever in Palo Alto again, I would certainly come back here for some delicious italian food.
I had a 50th Birthday Party here and they did an incredible job. I pre-ordered the wine and appetizers and they did an amazing job set ting the table and getting the back room ready for us. The staff was friendly and accommodating and the food was outstanding. Gratzie-Mille
I stopped here with "uh, what the heck, let's try here" kind of attitude, since the restaurant I wanted to go was soooo packed full that we needed to wonder around the strip of University Ave to find place to have dinner. This restaurant had an open front dining area and it looked very inviting compared to other restaurants, and also inside decor and lighting looked warm and cozy. Their Porcini mushroom ravioli was excellent, and shrimp pasta was pretty tasty. I forgot the name of the appetizer we had but deep fried seafood (calamari, shrimp, scallops etc) was great with the spicy dipping sauce as a starter. Panna cotta with Raspberry sauce was YUUUMY!! You gotta try this dessert :) This place might not have the significant character that makes you want to go back again and again, but food, service and atmosphere was excellent. I would come back here again!
I love this place! It's perfect for a late lunch! Really good food [some happy medium between cafe food and restaurant food], excellent antipasti, awesome staff, pretty good wine recommendations... and... since I am a filthy human being, I can have my cancer sticks at one of the far outside tables! Also, the music volume is PERFECT - it dims most of the street noise, but you can still talk comfortably... and the music selections are somehow ALWAYS ideal for the current mood and weather!
I came here for an early dinner with a friend;  the restaurant was empty, but so was most of palo alto during winter break.  the margherita pizza special for 'happy hour' was generous, a nice ~10 inch thin crust, high quality pizza for $6.  My friend liked her happy hour pino grigio for 4.50.  They were very accomodating of my 1.5 year old, as they had a high chair and managed to place the food away from him. That said, their service left a little to be desired, and the other vegetarian appetizer with cheese and a thin cracker was not that good.  hence the 4. but maybe a 3.5.
Met up with a friend here for lunch the other day. It's a lovely restaurant judging by the looks, decor, and the ample outdoor seating. The service was prompt but not very friendly. Maybe our server dismissed us when he realized we would not be ordering all that much since we just stuck with ordering entrees? Maybe service is just not that friendly there. Who knows.  A little bit less icy would have been nice. The food itself is above average Italian fare. Definitely upscale because the portion sizes are tiny and the price is high. I don't actually mind that combination  in certain circumstances. The circumstances being that if the portion size is tiny and the price is very high, that small portion  of food must be absolutely stellar. I would say the food was good, even above average, but not stellar. Bottom line: I will probably not be back any time soon.
Wow...I'm SO glad this place is back to the way it was when it first opened!  Their amazing risottos are back!!!  The parmesan crust is delicious, the risotto is HOT and full of beautiful veggies!  Yea!!  You must get their warm chocolate souffle which is to DIE FOR...!! The only drawback is the somewhat spotty service...they quickly come to your aid when called upon, but I prefer that I not have to call for your attention.  Regardless, La Strada, I'm so glad you are back on the map again!
I've been here a handful of times since they first opened.  I recall really liking it originally and... Read more 
The food was good... however the service was non-existent. I dined there yesterday on the outdoor patio with a friend. We shared a simple salad, margherita pizza (which was very delicious) and the chocolate souffle cake. Our server was nice, but he was never anywhere to be found. We waited about 20 minutes after we had been seated to finally be noticed by the waiter. Getting our food is another story, waiting nearly an hour for our pizza and then another half hour for our dessert. Disappointing, really. I would consider going back, but the service isn't really worth the price tag.
Went to La Strada with a girlfriend of mine. It was the first time we'd been there and we both really enjoyed the meal and the service. Had the POLPETTINE di BACCALA for an appetizer which is crispy salt cod with polenta and broccoli rabe for 9 bucks. Delicious! For the main course we had RISOTTO FRUTTI di MARE which was risotto with Clams,  Mussels, Calamari, Scallops & Prawns, and Fresh Tomato for 19 bucks. The risotto was perfectly cooked and the seafood just melted in my mouth. We also had a side of sauteed brussel sprouts which were very tasty. I think they were like 5 or 6 bucks. I would go back here any day. We almost got a table on the sidewalk which would have made it even better for a warm evening but missed it by 2 people. Maybe we'll get it next time because I WILL be back here for sure!
I think Kathryn B. down below said it best when she used the word "underwhelming" to describe the food here.  The place looks really nice and I expected more from the food. We started off with the Caipirinha cocktails, which were tasty, and then moved on to an antipasti - the Fresh Bufala Mozzarella.  Perhaps this was our error for not knowing what Sicilian Caponata Relish is, but this dish came with a pile o'red peppers (which I think are foul) and random other veggies with a tiny lump of mozzarella on top.  Look at the photo I posted - if you were expecting delicious fresh mozzarella, would you not be disappointed to see that come out to your table?  I was very close to sending it back. After that came our entrees.  We both ordered gnocchi, one of each kind on the menu.  Mine was the special spinach gnocchi with duck ragu, which was fine, but unexciting.  Too peppery for my taste, so we ended up switching plates halfway through.  I ended with the gnocchi and pork dish, which I liked better because it wasn't peppery, but as a result it was a tad bit bland.  Hard to really describe, but the food just didn't do it for me. Maybe some of the other dishes are better, but I'm feeling pretty "eh" about this place after one visit.
I'm so bummed that this place only has 3 stars! I go here every so often since it's quite the drive from where I live. Every time I do, their menu has changed - not significantly but enough to call it a different name. I love this place because their mozzarella is SO SO fresh. The BEST mozzarella I've ever had. So, my recommendation is to get anything on the menu that has mozzarella in it because I think it's the best thing they've got going there. Service is good - never had a problem! Seating is either inside or outside (although there aren't a lot of table outside) Location is great because it's on a street full of other restaurants, shops, etc. Parking is on the street though (not too difficult but you may have to circle a couple of times)
What? Bread and what? Tomato paste that taste like it was out of a can? Wow. Not good. No wonder everyone's bread was still there when their meals came. La Strada, ask Pasta Pomadora what bread should taste like. Now! Other than that. The antipasti and the main courses were great. The wine was awesome. All in all, lose the canned tomato sauce in the beginning and we have the perfect restaurant. Great price, great food. Service was also wonderful.
My friend and I were looking for an Italian place down university and we came across La Strada and Pasta?  right across the street from each other.  Hmmmm, which to chooose.. La Strada has a nice outdoor and indoor seating arrangement, which is nice for a warm summer day.  I take a look at La Strada's menu and see that they're Zagat rated.  Can't be bad if it's Zagat rated, rightttt? Wrong. I ordered the "Casonsei alla Bergamasca" which is ravioli with sausage, amaretto brown butter, sage, and bacon-type of meat.  I got 8 dried up potsticker/dumping pieces of what they call "ravioli", which left me slight unsatisfied.  I'm not all about big portions, but if you're gonna give me small portions please make it tasty.  I tried my friend's pizza and it lacked any flavor. Really, where the heck are you people who rated this place 5 stars eating your Italian food at???  I've had better Italian. Btw, it's unprofessional to say in an exsasperated tone out loud "Jesus Christ!" when you're frustrated with an employee that apparently looked like he was training and messed up.  Leave your comments off the floor please.  Yell "Jesus Christ" in the kitchen. Sadly, I rather go to Pasta Pomodoro than here.
Came here with a friend on a nice Sunday night. We sat in the patio area, which was super nice cuz the weather was perfect, plus with the heaters on top, it wasn't cold at all. The view was nice and it was just a very chill dinner night =) We ordered two risotto's to share since my friend has never tried risotto before. We got the risotto frutti di mare and also the one with quail. The frutti di mare was made with tomato sauce, and had a bunch of seafood like prawns, mussels, clams, and scallops. Definitely tasty, but I liked the quail more because it had the white creamy sauce which is my personal favorite. The quail was also made very well and tasty. The price is on the higher end, but still worth it in the end. The bread is really good as well, brought to you when it's still very warm, and has a very interesting tomato mozzarella sauce with it. Not bad =)
Came here for lunch. The $12 lunch specials are a good deal. You get salad, an entree, and gelato. The portions are substantial. However, the entrees were a bit lacking. My husband ordered the eggplant lunch special and I ordered the spaghetti with meatballs. His eggplant dish was partially cold, which threw us off since parts of the dish was also hot. Not in a good way. My spaghetti with meatballs came with small meatballs that were extremely dry with a chewy exterior. While the portions were large, it was not very tasty. And finally, the service from the maitre d' was very lackluster as well. The rest of the staff were good though. I probably wouldn't come back here for lunch. Perhaps dinner is better.
It was just ok.  Sad to say.  The location is perfect, the ambiance too.  I really wanted this place to be good. We had the fried cod fish with polenta appetizer, it was dry and fishy.  I was looking for something to round out the taste.  Maybe some mint? some citrus? There's a  green sauce that made it look nice but doesn't add anything to the taste. I ordered one of the special entree, crab pasta with greens.  hmmm, I'm underwhelmed, what can I say?  If you don't mind paying $25 for this kind of experience, you're very welcome to. I went in craving, I left still craving.
Hubby and I were out for Valentine's Day and happened to discovery this lovely place! What a find. We were originally looking for another restaurant which is now some overpriced steak place. So we kept walking. Saw La Strada's menu and decided to try. Got seated right away. Service first seemed a little stiff but then she really warmed up. Our server recommend the best Pinot Grigio I have ever had!! I could have drank the whole bottle! Started with the salumi plate which at $9.00 is a great deal (several kinds of yummy meats, mozzarella, flat bread, olives). Hubby had the raviolis with sausage - wonderful! I had the risotto with seafood that was crammed with goodies. So many times you order this and they give one or two lonely shrimp and a scallop. Not here - this had several large prawns, scallops, mussels and clams. Hubby finished with a ds of espresso which he proclaimed to be perfect (and this guy is a coffee addict..). Service was great the whole way through. We sat in the back which I recommend on chilly nights but I can't wait to go back on a warmer night when we get sit outside. I also want to try the pizzas or maybe do the salumi plate, the fab wine and dessert and go into a lovely food coma!
Wow.  Let me begin by saying that the young lady at the front of the restaurant was nice and seated me in a cozy spot. That was the end of the pleasant part of this review. The Panini I ordered was dry and unsavory. I guess I should have went to 7-11 if I wanted a decent sandwich - only a 5 minute walk from the location. Plus, it would have been 1/3 of the price of what I spent here on my lunch. Maybe I'll dare myself to try to have dinner here someday in the far future. Or perhaps I'll have a root-canal without any anesthesia instead. Service is the saving grace of most restaurants. This place couldn't have been saved if it decided to be born-again. Pretentious and forgettable. I wish there was a Subway still on this street.
The service and the tiramisu deserve 5 stars, but the rest of the food was only ok.  If you go, definitely get dessert.
Initially we were going to Vero, but because of sudden laziness (one block away mind you), ended up going to La Strada instead. For appetizer we had the fried bay (or baby?) shrimp which was alright.  Main entree was the sausage ravioli with bacon bits. First impression was, it looks good but kinda small. Then I realized the puddle of oil surrounding the ravioli was bacon grease. I'm not a big fan of bacon, and using bacon grease as a sauce seemed... deadly. Taste, much like the appetizer was ok... both were generally bland. Overall, a tad overpriced and mediocre tasting food.  On the plus side, the free bread plus sundried tomato spread is pretty good.  Also they have a huge door which swings amazingly easy.
I loved this place - the food was excellent, sitting outside is perfect,  I  was there about 5 to 6 times in the last year for lunch, diner etc.. Always great! Except the service 2 month ago.  We were there for late lunch/early diner.  We meet with a business partner. Never in my live I had such a rude unprofessional waiter. Accordingly was our tip. Now he really got mad and he took leave with a very bad italian swear-word. I will give it another try - someday.
I love this place. The food is always good. I have gotten their stuffed mushroom ravioli a few times and they are just so delicious. Their quail risotto is very tasty as well. I love wine and their chocolate souffle is to die for.
Came here on a fun date; quaint and cozy; good service; great wine list; we loved the appetizer:  GRILLED SCALLOPS AND PRAWNS Warm Barley Sweet Peppers- Peas Salad!  Yummmmmy!; I got the risotto with sonoma quail which was quite good, and my date got some sort of ravioli with seafood which was also very tasty.  A great place for a date.
It was really... just okay. I had the fish anti pasti, which was good... then came my sausage ravioli entree... except it was a real cut of sausage wrapped in a ravioli skin and covered in butter... which sounded like it might be good, but it wasn't... wine was just okay... and I had a chocolate souffle.. which was also just okay.. I've had so many better molten chocolate things in my life. Eh.. it was just okay.  Madison and 5th had a better ravioli dish.  walk down the street and go there!
My husband and I came here for dinner on a bustling Sunday night. The Manager (or maybe he was the Owner) was enthusiastically inviting guests who were checking out the menu posted outside to come inside for dinner. He went inside to seat four patrons ahead of us and we were next in line. We wished the hostess who just stood there and ignored us was as excited to seat us as the manager, but she never even acknowledged us. We almost turned to leave, but my husband stepped up and asked for a table of two. We sat and waited for our server to arrive. We were served bread with some kind of a tomato paste spread and it tasted hearty! Chris and I were both famished so we devoured the entire thing in minutes and our server hadn't arrived yet. When she finally came to our table,  we ordered the calamari  for appetizer along with a glass of red wine for me and white for my husband upon her recommendation. Our server got our order wrong and thought we asked for the beet salad (how did she mess this up? Calamari - beet salad...hmmm...) . The manager came over to our table, apologized, and asked if we wanted to try the beet salad anyway while they prepared the calamari. It was very generous of him, but we passed. The Calamari was not what we expected- deep fried and breaded, but it wasn't. Nevertheless, it was  very good. The olive oil that they used was so fruity and delicious. The Mister and I shared the Margherita Pizza with tomato, basil, and fresh mozzarella cheese. We watched as the chef made our pizza from scratch. Wow! It was good! I loved the cheese- so gooey and fresh. My husband thought it was just okay and commented that he likes the margarita pizza from Red Brick Pizza instead. For dessert we ordered the vanilla-almond creme brulee. It was very good! I only had two spoonfuls. My husband inhaled the whole thing. Bastard! I ordered their cup of hot tea and it was sooooo relaxing. You must try the pineapple-guava tea as an after dinner drink and you will not be disappointed. The red wine that our waitress recommended was absolutely yummy! Very fruity and light and it  was a perfect accompaniment to the pizza. My husband enjoyed his white wine, too, and agreed that our server made good recommendations (which makes up for screwing up our appetizer order). It was a busy night after all, so we can't fault her for that. They comped $8 off our bill and we appreciated the gesture. My husband was watching the manager all throughout dinner and couldn't help but notice how firm he was with his team, but was able to turn it down a notch when approaching the customers. He seemed a little too energized for me, walking briskly up and down the restaurant, but I guess that's how you manage a successful business. Definitely check out this place if you love Italian food....just don't mind the manager!
Lamb cheek pasta Soothing comfort for cold night Tender and divine -- Usually. La Strada was off tonight
I went here with my hubby after reading some good reviews of this place on chowhound.  I should have known better.  It's overpriced food in an overpriced town. B. got a glass of wine, don't know the name but why was it $10.50?!!! He said midway through the dinner it went flat.  what a waste of money. Bread we had to ask for it and it tasted old.  And butter was served with it.  Why not olive oil?  Terrible. Prosciutto e Ficchi $9-parma prosciutto w/ black mission figs & wild arugula.  just ok. Soncino e Biete-Mache lettuce w/ roasted baby beets, crescensa cheese, shallot vinaignette $8-small portion, just ok. Spaghetti con burrata pugliese $16-artisan gragnano pasta w/ fresh imported burrata cheese, broccoli rabe & fresh tomato-tasted like something anyone can make at home, burrata cheese tasted like Philly cream cheese.  Don't ever get! Waste of money. Pizza Margherita-tomato, basil & fresh mozzarella cheese $12.  Size is a mid-size pizza about 6 slices.  Thin crust, lots of cheese, not very tasty, crust a bit doughy.  decent but could be better. Total before tip $60.08.  Not recommended.
I love their risotto.  Most of the time I order that and whoever I'm with orders their famous chicken dish.  Both are really good. Great service, but it gets crowded during dinner time, especially on the weekend.  Try to sit in the front to people watch b/c the backroom is not great. You can go down the street (towards Borders) and grab Michael's gelato afterwards... =]  They have GREEN TEA and ANA DELIZIA gelato - both are REALLY good.
La Strada is this fancy restaurant in a line of a few fancy restaurants on University Ave. Even though it is fancy and the ambiance is great, some of the tables are way too close to each other... I could just take my fork and dig into my neighbor's food if I am not satisfied... :-P hahahahaha!!!! I would definitely expect more space in such a restaurant.... The waiting and serving staff is polite and friendly... which always adds to your dining experience.... I ordered this asparagus risotto, I like risotto and i like asparagus and I don't think one can really go wrong with risotto:) so, I was satisfied with what I ordered... however my friend didn't quite enjoy his ravioli... maybe coz his palette is not accustomed to vegetarian food :) but again, I too don't quite enjoy ravioli all the time... A cool thing I thought was that most of the items on the menu card had fancy italian names.... kinda neat.... ooooh and the person serving us spoke with a slight italian accent too =) he was cute.. ;-)
This cool little eatery on University Avenue was teeming with people on Saturday night (even with our slumping economy) and the head chef seemed to every one of  them! It's a good sign if a place has that many regulars.  Soon we discovered why everyone wants to come back again and again.  The food was great! We started off with the Polpettine di Baccada --- a crispy Salt Cod Polpettine with Polenta and Broccoli Rabe Pure.  YUM!  I highly recommend my main dish the paccheri e calamari--- paccheri pasta with calamari, onion, spicy Calabria peppers and tomato sauce --- fantastic!  My husband had an entree off the specials menu-- NY steak with a side of greens that he really enjoyed. The wait staff was nice and friendly --- if you sit at the bar, John makes an awesome martini!   From the bar you can also get a bird's eye view of the action in the open kitchen. We topped our meal off with the panna cotta ai lamponi, a chilled custard with fresh raspberries and a passion fruit puree --- amazing!Date nights are very rare for this set of parents and we were very pleased to have been able to spend one of them here.  Be sure to say hi to Donato (the head chef) for us when you stop in!
The ambiance is cozy, the service is good, and the cheese platter is greeeaaatttt! They have the old school oven by the bar where they bake their pies. A place to go if you're looking for some Italian in a cozy atmosphere.
My friend and I were in Mtn View when we decided to go out for dinner, but problem, I had the pup with me. Even though it had just rained we figured if we drove down University we'd find something with an outdoor patio covered eating area. We spotted La Strada and on the cold day it looked warm and welcoming. First thing we asked of course was if the pup was allowed, they said they weren't suppose to allow dogs anymore but they couldn't resist my pup that they allowed us to sit at the tables outside the outdoor patio banister. While it felt funny that were were basically sitting out on the street while no one was dining on the patio they made us feel comfortable and didn't forget about us even though we were away from the rest of their customers. The 2 of us ordered CASONSEI alla BERGAMASCA: Housemade Ravioli of Sausage & Amaretto Brown Butter, Guanciale & Sage PIZZA CON SALSICCIA PICCAN: Housemade Spicy Sausage, Artichokes, Tomato & Fresh Mozzarella Cheese SOFFIATO di CIOCCOLATO "LA STRADA": Warm Valrhona Chocolate Souffle with Vanilla Gelato and had tea. The ravioli when served looked nothing like ravioli at all but rather little potstickers but my girl friend and I both agreed that they also tasted like potstickers! haha. Wouldn't order this "ravioli" or should I call it LingLings again but it was enjoyable at the time. The crispy bacon like things were tasty though. Pizza was surprisingly covered in sausage, there was so much of it you could barely see the cheese that was underneath! Personally I prefer not so much meat but I'll still consider it generous, lol. The pizza was okay, the crust though was good. It was just the right crisp, it was almost like bread. Dessert was perfect for the evening, we gossiped while sharing the warm souffle and each had a cuppa tea. =) Don't order the pineapple tea, I was curious and learned that it didn't have much flavor, was kinda just like warm water with fruit tinge. Black mango tea on the other hand was good. We left full and cozy and puppy was happy too.
One of many options for lunch and/or dinner on University Ave. I went with the multi-grain pasta with wild mushrooms for my entree and a pork belly dish for an appetizer. Both were just meh... Would definitely not recommend them... Service is weird. Our server seemed like she didn't want to serve us and was bothered when she was told to come to our table. That set the tone for the rest of the dinner. The space is ok, but nothing to write home about. Overall just a mediocre place. I wonder how long this place will last. They've got a ton of competition. Better step up your game guys!
Came here around the holidays - I can't remember when.  But as usual, we avoided rush hour - came on an off night, around 6pm.  No crowds - yeah! Our server, Emanuela, was awesome!  She made some good recommendations, and patiently explained each dish and specials.  Great ambiance, not too noisy or dressy.  I liked the outdoor seating with heat lamps.  If it wasn't raining at the time, we would have probably sit out there. Hubs had the gnocchi with wild boar.  Not too bad - he cleaned his plate so assuming it was pretty good.  I ordered the black spaghetti with lamb.  I have to say, the noodles looked dark and gross, but tasted pretty good.  And of course, I loved the lamb - nice and tender. The portions aren't super huge, but big enough that we didn't have room for dessert - darn!  The pricing is a little high for just a quick bite, but we'd likely come back for a date night to try new dishes.
I've been here a few times now and every time has been a pleasant dining experience.  I know I can come here and be satisfied.  I love the atmosphere especially with the open kitchen and high ceilings. For appetizer, I recommend the Italian meat sampler.  It comes with thin slices of salami, prosciutto, bologne, and olives on a wooden platter.  You can share with 2-4 people.  For extra, we added fresh buffalo mozzarella, which I had for the first time.  Much creamier and fattier than the typical fresh mozzarella.  Their bread and sundried tomato tapenade is addicting too.  I like that the tapenade is not too salty. During my recent visit, I had the Risotto Fruiti di Mare (seafood risotto).  It came in a tomato broth with clams, mussels, prawns, squid, and scallops.  I liked that It came out piping hot and the plating was nicely done.  I enjoyed it, but I couldn't finish it all since I ate so much bread after waiting too long for the food. I would give them a 5 star, but since the food takes long and the service can be delayed, 4 star it is.
Went here for a quick dinner with the hubby last Friday.  They also gave us a decent amount of bread and tapenade to start with.  As an appetizer, we shared the salumi platter.  For nine bucks, it comes with  quite a lot of meat and some warm flatbread, it was definitely large enough for two people. For my main course, I had the mushroom pizza.  It was pretty good, though I think it could have used a bit more truffle flavor.  The hubby's pasta course was ok.  They took away my hubby's appetizer plate which still had some salami in it though.  We each had a couple glasses of wine, which wasn't too expensive but not cheap either.  We probably should have just gotten a bottle. We didn't stay for dessert since we were pretty full and were going to a party later.  Not sure if we would go back right away, especially with so many good restaurants in Palo Alto.  Would go back if we're in the area though for some pizza, which I think was their best dish.
I was hoping the positive reviews were the correct ones, but.... The place was full, which I hoped indicated a good restaurant.  However, the service was HORRIBLE.  Our waitress was overly pestering before we had decided on our wine and food, and then completely negligent.  It took an extra 20 minutes to get the check!  We never got a refill on my fiance's wine! Food was very disappointing.  I could definitely do better, and I'm not Italian or a cook.
Went here for lunch for the first time, and tried a basic bolognese.  I have to say Strada is the best Italian I've had on the peninsula since moving here a couple years ago.  Others at my table also had good things to say about their meal. One meal doesn't make for a lot of data points, and the gorgeous weather and outdoor seating certainly helped my overall perception of the restaurant, but compared to what I've had to-date Italian-wise in this area, Strada is a keeper.
As a semi high end Italiano ristorante, it is almost unforgivable if the prosciutto is messed up, especially when you are dealing with native guests from Parma. It seems to me, at least, that the chef had a hard time telling the difference between "thin slice" and "grounded slice"- It's really hard to find an entire slice of meat and fold it on top of the bread because most of the units are too tiny to be even considered slices. Out of the antipasto platter, salami and speck are ok at best, bresaola is really dry. Things could be a lot worse if the pizza weren't good. I'm not saying the pizza here wow-ed me big time, but the good balance between mozzarella and tomato sauce added some points to my overall impression to this place. The porchetta is particularly juicy and well roasted. I wouldn't mind trying the original margherita pie next time.
My meal was pretty good but the calamari appetizer & chocolate souffle were REALLY good. However, the service was not great at all. I would have definitely given a higher rating if the service were better
This restaurant has mediocre food, great service, and a nice environment.  Let me elaborate. I ate here for dinner on a nice November evening and had the option of eating outside, which was great to do some people-watching.  Service was great - our waiter was helpful and his recommendations, and offered to substitute our dishes if we tried them, and they weren't to out liking. We started out with the calamari - I typically have them fried, but the waiter suggested trying the sauteed ones.  I found the taste ok, but the calamari were a bit too rubbery.  Bread was provided, which was quite yummy when dipped in the broth of the calamari, but otherwise was a bit too dry and hard on the exterior for my taste. For the entree, I had the Grilled Wild Salmon Pantesca, which came with potatoes, capers, cherry tomatoes, fava beans, and a pesto sauce.  While the salmon was cooked well to perfection and was nice and moist, it was lacking flavor, as were the potatoes on the side. The prices were reasonable, costing $5 for the appetizer, and $21 for the entree. While it is possible that the dishes that I had were not the best on the menu, and/or the cooks had a bad day, the fact that they struck out on both my dishes makes me want to shy away.
I'd like to give this place a 3.5. It's pretty good. Chicken ravioli w/ cream sauce = 8 Ravioli w/ brown butter sauce = 7 Fried shrimp appetizer = 6.5 Affogato = 6 Pretty decent place. I would probably go again.
I've been here about 4/5 times and I've discovered the best dish to order - their pizza, everything else I've had has been ok but not impressive.  Last week I had the wild mushroom pizza with fresh tomatoes and truffle oil.  The dough is perfectly soft yet crispy enough on the top and extremely fresh.  They have an ok wine selection, unfortunately no decent glass of red for under $10 though. I love that you can sit outside and the wait staff has always been great.  All in all if you're downtown, itching to sit outside and enjoy some wine this is a great spot !
La Strada is one of the better Italian places in the Bay Area.  It's a little pricey, but I think it's worth it every now and then.  Eat outside if you get the chance, as it's nice to hear the outside ambient noise and peoplewatch on University while you're eating. The service was a bit slow, but it was really packed and we were outside.  But a few glasses of slightly overpriced wine were enough to appease us until we ordered and got our food.  I got the Risotto Frutti di Mare and my friend got the Sausage and Amaretto Ravioli with guanciale.  We shared a delicious tiramisu with mascarpone afterwards. Based on some of the other reviews of this place, I'd say that service can be hit or miss, and perhaps some dishes as well.  But we loved what we got, so take a look at the posted pics and if you're in the area, give it a shot.
My favorite Italian place in Palo Alto. Food is very delicious. I requested for a no-cheese ravioli and they actually made my ravioli fresh with pumpkins. It was so delicious. Their chocolate lava cake with the vanilla ice cream is the best I have tasted
Warning: this review is gross.  Really.  I hope you're not eating when you read it. I recently moved to Palo Alto, and passed by La Strada while walking down University.  It looked great - I loved the location and all the outdoor seating. My boyfriend and I decided to stop by for happy hour.  Our first impression wasn't incredibly positive - the hostess was standoffish - but we took a seat anyway. We ordered drinks and a seafood appetizer as well as the mushroom pizza. This is were it gets gross... When the seafood dish arrived, there was a short, curly black hair right smack on top.  Yes - it looked exactly like a pubic hair.  (And for the record, no - neither my boyfriend nor I have black hair). We alerted the server, and though he took it away to bring us a new one, he was just as standoffish as the hostess. Anyway, the pizza was also pretty bad.  It was really soggy and had no flavor. So... in addition to the unfortunate hair sighting, the service wasn't great, and the rest of the food wasn't good either.
La Strada is one of the more reliable and consistent Italian spots in downtown. They have a pretty good lunch special at a reasonable price for $12, which comes with a salad, a pasta entree of your choosing, vanilla gelato, and biscotti. I had the penne carbonara, which had a very nice and flavorful cream sauce. I also tried their charcuterie selection, which included prosciutto, salami, and mozzarella. With the abundance of Italian choices in Palo Alto, I would put this place in the top half for taste and value.
Wow, the food was fantastic.  I had the ahi tuna salad to start and the lasagna; a lunch meal.  The salad was fresh and the ahi tuna cut like butter.  The lasagna was also the best I've had in a long time. The service was decent enough, nothing worth writing home about.   But the quality of the food and chill ambiance easily put this in the 5-star category.
Lousy. Truly lousy. Lousy to the point of being irritating. Don't let appearances fool you. The looks are all Italian bistro, complete with a head chef from the old country. But the food is... whatever the diametric opposite of "the bomb" is. By way of example, the cheese ravioli was colorless, flavorless, and cold -- which is fine for San Pel, but for ravs? Not so much. Left me longing for the haute cuisine of my childhood -- Chef Boyardee. If you're on University already, don't waste your time; walk 60 seconds up the street to Madison & Fifth.
We stopped by La Strada for a quick dinner and had a pleasant experience. Although there was a wait for an indoor table, we were offered seats at the bar and at outdoors tables right away. We took seats by the hostess, in front of the wood-burning stove. Albeit the space was a little tight (I was rubbing elbows at times with another diner on my right), it was fun sitting there watch our pizza get made and baked. Overall, food was tasty but it's definitely not for the faint hearted... a nice, hearty Italian meal with loads of carb, oil, and fat!  I would give it 3.5 stars. P.S. La Strada has a sweet happy hour menu that goes from 3 to 6 pm (everyday as far as we can tell). It includes some pizzas at around $7, half priced drinks, and more. Check it out!
Tonight I had a really good branzino. It was served grilled with an Arugula salad and potatoes. The potatoes were also good. I would have put a bit less lemon on the salad. The branzino had some sauce that was not overwhelming but helped define the taste coming from the grilling process. They offered to debone it, but I preferred to do it myself, taking my time to savor each piece of meat from the fish. It was great. I am glad we went there without looking at its Yelp score, as we usually prefer places with 4 star averages. We really enjoyed it.
i came here with my girlfriends for a late Sunday lunch. they had a lunch special menu for only $14/person, which already included a salad & gelato to your main meal. the food was delicious! my 2 girlfriends love their food. i had the buckwheat pappardelle & it was really good. i also ordered a capuccino which was also very tasty. A yummy gelato concluded our lunch. We took advantage of their outside seating since it was a beautiful warm day. it was perfect. close to the sidewalk yet the entire street just had a nice ambiance to it. will definitely recommend to others.
Probably my all-time fave Italian restaurant.  They have wonderful outdoor seating in the front that is the best when the weather is nice.  A good wine selection, consistently tasty menu, and friendly waitstaff. Times visited: 10+
I just went there again on Monday and had the same two dishes. The weather was SO perfect we took a table on the sidewalk. This time we decided to go with dessert.  We're both suckers for creme brulee and weren't sure if we should be "safe" or be "edgy" and try something else.  So in any situation like this, always ask the server for their recommendation. He spewed out " panna cotta..." in an instant AND also wagered his word by guaranteeing us that if we didn't like it that he won't charge us for it and bring out the creme brulee. I can't stop thinking about panna cotta since I've had it. It's like heaven on your tongue.... light vanilla rich cream flavor with a smidge of sweet tart from the fruit puree....mmmmm.... It was a perfect dinner...... ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I love going to places where you know the locals take alot of pride in their neighborhood restaurant. It says alot when you've gone to restaurant for the first time and you see that almost everyone knew each other.  The owner knows everyone that walks in the door which is definitely a reflection of his service and genuinity towards his customers. The place isn't super duper big, but keeping a restaurant really authentic and true to its meaning like Donato does adds to La Strada's value. I prefer the patio for dazing at University Ave. To die for: - Osobuco - Ravioli with brown butter and sage
I"ve been here twice (for lunch and dinner) and both experiences were just "meh" I would have to say that lunch is better than dinner. The dinner menu is mediocre and the food is pretty bland and boring. There are way better italian restaurants out there than La Strada I went for lunch yesterday and had a prosciutto, mozzarella, and tomato panini. The bread was crunchy and tasty; however, the sandwich overall was just ok. It wasn't too badly priced (about $9). However, the service was bad. I didn't get my drink refilled nor did the waiter check to see if we were doing ok, or if we were ready for the check. My mom had to physically get up and chase down our waiter to let him know that we wanted our check. I tried giving it a second chance, but I don't want to go back there again.
Great for outdoor seating on a hot lazy Sunday afternoon to people watch. Everything we ordered was extremely well prepared and flavorful. We started our foodie experience with an appetizer to share: PROSCIUTTO, MORTADELLA, SALAME, BRESAOLA & SPECK TIROLESE SAMPLER. - Loved the variety of the dried meets. Wish it came with fresh melons to wrap the salty goodness with. HEART OF ROMAINE SALAD - Fresh and light. Healthy portion to share. Not a brown leaf in sight. RISOTTO FRUTTI DI MARE - Flavorful but not enough pieces of seafood such as shrimp and muscles. Don't skimp for the price charged. WHOLE BRANZINO OVEN-ROASTED 'LIVORNESE' -STYLE - They can de-bone for you but we were skilled to de-bone and enjoy the fish without any going to waste. Can't say enough about the food...delicious and light. On the other hand...service needs to be addressed from waitress to the general manager. Don't pretend that the restaurant is filled up with reservations and make people wait as you learn to load balance your restaurant on the fly and lie that all the tables were reserved when they clearly were not. We watched and waited during dinner to see how many of the reservations filled during our 2 hour early dinner....less than 25%. tisk tisk...lost stars for poor hosting.
Came here for a dinner party with 8 or so friends.  Haven't been here for a few months, but still pretty good.  The staff are very attentive, and the food, while not amazing is always pretty consistent.  This is a good safe place to go if you have guests coming in to visit and you want to stay in the neighborhood. I had the hearts of romaine salad and butternut squash soup--both good.  For the main course I had sausage ravioli--it was a bit greasy, but quite tasty.  The wine was good, but wine is always good.  :)
I love Italian food, so I always get very very sad when I eat disappointing and mediocre Italian food. My dinner here was disappointing and mediocre. Hubby and I were meeting a law school friend and her husband for dinner here, and I was excited to take them to eat yummy Italian food, especially since they never go to Palo Alto and aren't familiar with the area. Buuuuuut.. all the Italian places that I wanted to take them to are CLOSED on Sunday (who knew???). So.. I had to improvise and find another place. La Strada was the only viable option. So.. we had the spicy Italian sausage pizza, which was bland and cold when it arrived. The appetizer we shared (shrimp and scallops) were also kind of bland. The only good thing was the jumbo prawn and octopus salad, but the portions were not large enough to get anyone full. I usually get a pasta dish, but I wasn't even able to do so because their pasta selection was extremely limited. Not even ONE of their pasta dishes appealed to me, and that's a hard feat to accomplish, because I love pasta. They did have good customer service, though. I'm still disappointed that the places I wanted to eat at were closed....................
Ehh, I left going so the heck what? Rumor has it the owners/chefs are from the chainey Il Fornaio and I wouldn't really doubt it. The food is sort of average, kind of bland (ya like Il Fornaio), and although the decor is quite nice, my waiter seemed to vanish and I was worried he might have gone home for the evening, but sure enough he showed up again at tip time. Sigh.
What a great dining experience at La Strada! It was yet another weekday evening of strolling down University in search of a fun restaurant to try. I was meeting a friend who I haven't seen in months so we needed a comfortable, quiet restaurant where we could enjoy a slow, chatty meal - that would also accommodate her mini husky. La Strada was perfect... the menu looked good and the "patio" area was well-lit with a large awning to keep us a little warmer (no heat lamps unfortunately). The food was pretty good but the notable thing (and why I'm giving it 4 stars) is the service. All staff members were extremely attentive and friendly. The hostess was lovely, our waiter checked on us every 10 minutes (I never even thought about needing a refill on water), and the owner was super personable. After some talk with him about the restaurant and the his "business" trip to Ireland in search of truffles, we told him we were dining to celebrate each other's birthdays - so he brought over a delicious souffle on the house. It gets better... after paying our bill, we continued to sit for another half hour and decided to order more dessert. When we asked for our 2nd check, we were told that our 2nd dessert was paid for by the owner. How's that for service! Highly recommended. If not for the good food, for the amazing service :)
Lots of potential but let down with execution. Grilled calamari for starters was awesome. Main of oven baked fish was way too... well, I guess, sloppy. Fish itself was good but it was too "wet". Wild boar gnocci again bursting with potential but pasta was overcooked and there wasn't much boar. And it was a bit "sloppy" too. Finally, they did a good job with a meat pizza. Trading off palo alto location. Needs to get consistency up!
5 star location, 4 star service, 3.5 star food, so 4 star overall. It's one of the affordable restaurants in Palo Alto. The decoration of the restaurant is pretty neat. Also, the service is pretty impressive. I liked their dried mushroom pizza with truffle oil a lot, I actually always order that whenever I came. The chocolate lava cake is very good as well. a little bit too sweat for me for the center part, but still very nice overall. I am not too impressive with the other dishes. Compare with Osteria, much better service, much easier to get a table, and similar price.
I think their food deserves 3.5 star, but service is not that good, so take away the half star :) My... Read more 
When visiting the area this spring, I had a craving for Italian. Unluckily for me, my phone had died earlier in the day and I hadn't made it back to the hotel to change it. Wandering down University Ave, I found La Strada. It looked perfect. However, after I indicated that I did not have a reservation, I was directed to the bar seating. Fine; I understand wanting to leave tables for parties of more than one, but there were quite a few available and the hostess could have worded things more politely (think "Would you like to sit at the bar?" versus something along the lines of "I'll show you to your seat at the bar."). When I indicated that I would be happy with tap water, the disappointment was not-so-subtle. The water arrived promptly and the server returned quickly to take my order. Usually a good thing, but I hadn't quite decided. I asked for a few more minutes, the server acknowledged and returned when I set down my menu. I asked for her opinion when trying to decide between two dishes, but got a rather unhelpful "it really depends on preference" response. I picked a dish and ordered. Like the water, it arrived promptly, which I took to be a good sign. It was food. It was what I ordered. However, while there was, strictly speaking, nothing wrong with it, there was also nothing particularly right about it either. It wasn't quite bland, but it wasn't particularly flavorful. It wasn't quite hot, but it was still above room temperature. Goldilocks would have been thrilled. So far, ignoring price, everything felt firmly "A-OK". Considering price, it was borderline "meh."; I've had significantly better for less in the North End. I finish the meal (more or less cleaning the plate), and the server is chatting with the patrons a few seats a way (about dogs, as far as I could tell). Unluckily for me, she's facing away from me, but I eventually flag her down and get the bill. I stick my credit card in the folder, planning to hand it back immediately, but before I could, she vanishes. She reappears 5 or so minutes later, collects the card, returns it, and I'm out of there, but the 15-or-so minute wait between when I'm ready to pay and split and when I actually can is just enough to push a borderline "meh" over the line.
Came back for dinner with a friend ("what's good in Palo Alto?"), expecting exactly what I got, unfortunately--decent, overpriced food, in a good environment with slightly over-attentive staff. The place is starting to wear off on me a bit, however--the bruschette were a great starter, and the ravioli was quite nice. My friend got the quail risotto...and I have to repeat my complaint: too big of a portion! If they used more appropriate portions and lowered the prices, I could see their overall ratings and reputation trend upward. This place has got all the right 'ingredients'--just needs to be tightened up a bit.
The staff and atmosphere came across as a bit arrogant, as though they were swimming in Michelin... Read more 
Solid place with fair prices, considering this restaurant is right off of University, the land of the over charging and underwhelming.  Dave and I use dine in the University area quite a bit but stopped since we felt we were paying too much for mediocre food.  When I was dragged here, I was skeptical.  Yelpers have not been too impressed by this establishment.  Overall I had a good experience and may come back again.  The service was excellent, the red wine we ordered and food were great.  We got the pasta with lamb ragu, quail risotto, and sauteed calamari.  Lamb ragu and quail risotto were awesome, sauteed calamari was so-so, the calamari didn't really soak up the flavor of the sauce so the dish seemed a bit disconnected.  One thing about the restaurant I didn't care for was the layout and ambiance.  It's long and narrow with tables lined up in rows and the lights are kind of bright so you don't really get the comfortable dining atmosphere.  3.5 stars, if I could, but leaning more towards 4.
Great restaurant with solid Italian recipes. Open Table reservations at the last minute for Mother's Day. Had an awesome home made pasta and lamb meal. Everything was really tasty and prepared well. Prices were VERY reasonable, but with the ambiance of a "$$$" or "$$$$" restaurant. Give it a try.
I've eaten here about a dozen times since I discovered it in 2004. I've never had a disappointing meal here; in fact, I'm not sure I've even had a disappointing dish. Pizza from the wood-burning oven is as good as anything I've ever had in Italy. Also worth trying are the beat salad, the fish, the risotto al fruiti di mare and, for desert, the affogato. Oh, what the hell - it's all worth trying. Service is friendly and knowledgeable but not in-your-face. The place can get a bit noisy. It's always full (even after most nearby restaurants have emptied out), and people are generally having a good time (and the acoustics amplify sound). Update 6/24/09: Chef Donato Scotti has left to open Donato Enoteca in Redwood City. I've had lunch at La Strada once since then. It seemed OK, but the jury's still out.
There is nothing not to love about La Strada.  Donato keeps the menu fresh, interesting and always surprising.  We were there Friday night and sat outside on a gorgeous night.  The featured wine was delish - the appetizers were all amazing - especially the pear with prosciutto, the special with scallops and Italian red rice was unbelievable.  We were celebrating 2 birthdays - the desserts were amazing. La Strada has great ambiance, enhanced by the owner Donato's personal visits to the tables and great maitre'd Alain. This is the place to go on University.  No question.
Wow. This place completely blew me away! Went here with the fam for my sister's birthday, and we were completely amazed at the authentic Italian food! The servers were very attentive, and were happy to answer our questions about the menu. The ambiance of the place was very peaceful, and intimate. Perfect for a family dinner! Everything tasted so fresh, starting with the Calamari de Orzo, to all the Pappardelle con Funghi (the mushrooms were delicious!), and the Risotto Fruitti de Mare (they had a great variety of seafood), to name a few. All the dishes were presented beautifully, and all the dishes tasted very very authentic! The only downside was the small portions, but other than that, I loved the place!
Boyfriend and I had reservations for a different restaurant on Valentine's Day...but we ended up running kinda sorta realllly late and decided to opt for a restaurant that had no wait. Been here a few times before.  Decent food, but nothing impressive.  They have both indoor and outdoor seating(with heat lamps).  The service is oooo-kay depending on who you get. We started with the calamari and cheese plate.  The calamari had a really light batter, but it wasn't very flavorful.  The sauce was kinda weak as well.  The cheese plate had 4 selections with a sweet pineapple chutney.  I love cheese.  It was yummy. I had the Risotto Frutti Di Mare which was basically a tomato sauce based risotto with seafood.  It was slightly on the bland side, so I asked for more parmesan cheese and sprinkled some more salt.  (much better). He had the prosciutto pizza which was pretty good.  This was probably my favorite dish of the night.  It was tasty with a delicate/light flavor.
Was in Palo Alto with some business associates and we stopped for lunch at La Strada.  Every one of us had something different and we all raved about our meals.  I asked for a dinner salad with just some vegetables and it turned out to be the best salad I have ever had.  The service was great and I would go back in a heart beat!
I have been to La Strada many times. It is a very comfortable atmosphere and the food is excellent. Note, the food is very inventive and authentic. Do not expect lasagna a la Bucca Di Beppo. Chef Donato is very friendly and loves to share his passion for his creations, including his mother's specialty. The menu has a very good variety and there is an excellent wine list. Reservations recommended but not required. There is a small bar while waiting for a table. Highly recommended. UPDATE: Chef Donato is no longer at La Strada. I have not been there since he left to open his own restaurant in RWC. I don't know the new chef but I will say La Strada is a fine restaurant if you are looking for a place in Palo Alto.
I would give this place 3.5 stars if I could...that being said, it is one of my favorite italian restaurants in the area...as long as you don't order pasta. Favorite things to order:  Anything from the grill/oven.  Stick to their steaks, veal, or especially fish, and you will have a great meal.  Appetizers are generally good as well Things to avoid:  From my experience so far...almost all of the pasta is average or sub-par.  I've had a couple of pasta dishes there and was impressed by none of them. Service is generally good, especially on the wine recommendations and selection.
Thumbs down on this place except for the Zabaglione.  The house salad was boring and the dressing tasted bottled with boxed croutons.  Too much butter on the fava bean/asparagus ravioli. Gustavo, our waiter didn't ask us if we wanted wine with our meal or coffee with our desert. I'd much rather eat some really good Italian food at Gambardella's or Il Fornaio!  Not a good restaurant if you are clostrophobic!
I ordered ravioli.  I got pot stickers.  Literally.  And they really weren't anything special. I asked for oil and vinegar with the bread; they gave me a saucer with oil and vinegar on it rather than providing, you know, oil and vinegar in bottles.  The bread, oil, and vinegar were decent but nothing special. The scallops were small and of questionable quality. The outdoor seating is nice and they had tasty yet potent margaritas.
Dear La Strada Ristorante Italiano, The steak marinated in truffles on the special menu...NO! That was way too much truffle essence that totally overpowered the beef. Even after I took it home and tried it again...NO! But the cream potato cake as a side dish...I swear I want Chef Osvaldo Tomatis's kitchen to make me a dozen of those things to take away and eat all week. It was like a hockey puck of home comfort cooking. PS. I also have to mention the nice delicate batter on the fried calamari and asparagus appetizer that I tend to buy by default when I'm hungry is the best of any restaurant on University Avenue in Palo Alto. And...Oh boy...There is a LOT of badly prepared calamari on the University Avenue restaurant drag! PPS. Ask your La Strada Ristorante Italiano server about the delicious fire roasted grilled vegetables if you don't like barley or cooked grains with your choice and it will happen!
Dear La Strada Ristorante Italiano, When your special menu says "Kobe Beef," please check with your... Read more 
We decided to go here for our weekend date night. What a "Let Down!" I found this place here on yelp based on the reviews they got. I ignored a few of the 2 star reviews and viewed the overall ratings which was about 3.5 stars. Don't waste your money here, go somewhere else and save yourself some disappointment! To start, they served warm bread with butter. OK, no big deal but I read on yelp they serve it with sun dried tomato tapanade. The table next to us got the tapanade, but we got a very hard butter. interesting? We got appetizer. I got the calamari with orzo. The orzo was hard and undercooked. If I continued to chew, I would've had jaw-itis. I simply ate the calamari which had an alcohol-like after taste. Dinner, I ordered the Risotto DI Mare. Bland and no taste. I had to ask the waiter to sprinkle parmesan cheese to give it a little bit of flavor. My husband had the Casonsei Alla Bergamasca which is the ravioli stuffed sausage with brown butter sauce. My husband thought that the pasta dish was dry and lacked flavor. Sadly at this point ,we decided to skip dessert and leave. In all fairness, I am fairly easy to please so it doesn't take much to make me food happy. However, after reading the yelp reviews a bit more thoroughly,  I figured out a common thread with their food which is bland and unseasoned.  Maybe I should've paid attention to the 2 star reviews rather than ignoring them and giving La Strada the benefit of a doubt!
I had a pleasant experience at La Strada. I would skip their specialty drinks and go straight for their red wines. I had their gnocchi, which is my favorite Italian dish, which theirs was so-so, it had shrimp in it which I love, and as a sea food lover I am, I did not care for the strong "fishy" taste it had. I must say though, it is quite authentic and our antipasto and dessert were molto buono!
No, this is not a 4-star Italian restaurant. For the price, it's a 2-star at best. I've eaten here three times for dinner, mainly because my friends are so used to Palo Alto food that they think this place is good. Food is fine--maybe half a notch up from sauce out a jar and some dried spaghetti all thrown in the microwave...maybe throw in a can of tuna and I'd be back in college. Pizza was soggy and flavorless. Overall: edible, but totally uninspiring. The service is also unremarkable. So all things being equal this place was on track for 3-stars. And then bam...you get punched in the face with the bill. Every pasta and entree on the menu is 20-25% more expensive than it should be. You end up spending $25-30 per person for food that you could have made at home for $4.
Great service, OK food. The service was amazing - we always had full drinks and plenty of bread.  The food was just OK.  My pappardelle pasta dish was a bit bland and my co-diner's salmon was a bit undercooked.  Otherwise, the food was pleasant but not outstanding.  The one thing I do recommend, though, is the chocolate cake with vanilla gelato - it was simple but quite good. The atmosphere is nice and we didn't feel crowded into our table at all.
Had a quick dinner here last night. My wife and I walked in hoping to be seated right away. Fortunately, the bar and outdoor seating were available so we went with the bar since it was in front of their wood- burning oven which made it nice and warm. The dishes: SPICY SAUSAGE thin crust pizza with artichokes, fresh mozzarella, and tomatoes for $13 - nice and simple, i personally could've used more heat in the sausage (it was less spicy than a hot link) 'CASONSEI ALLA BERGAMASCA' SAUSAGE RAVIOLI Amaretto, Brown Butter, Guanciale for $15 - pasta had a good texture and the sausage filling was tasty. they looked like wontons. Overall I would give them a 3.5 star not a 4 because I wasn't wowed by any of the dishes or service but I wasn't disappointed either.
Excellent atmosphere at night on University Ave, a pretty cute place at night. The golden-fried calamari was just right and the schiachiatta and salad added a light balance to the fried food. Also, I recommend the Rossellini (Prosecco with X-Rated Liqueur)...while the name of the liqueur drew me in ;) the taste made me get another.
as most restaurants on universal ave, this place doesn't serve delicious italian dishes. The service was good and so was the look of the place. This review is based on one visit in which I had the spaghetti with meat balls dish which was dull and not tasty at all. the simple green salad that came with the dish as a lunch special was good though.
Will not be going back. I came here for dinner with a friend who I hadn't seen for a long time and we were looking forward to catching up over a nice dinner.  I had a great time catching up, but the dinner was not very nice. I liked the wine selection and the choices on the menu all sounded great.  We both had salads, which we both enjoyed, but when our entrees came, neither one of us was impressed -- so much so that neither one of us really had any desire to eat our food, and I was hungry.  And I'm the kind of person who will eat pretty much anything if you put it in front of me. I guess my main gripe with the food was its lack of taste.  It was supposed to be in a tomato sauce, but there were no nearly no tomatoes in it, and the fish all tasted of well, nothing.  The food was okay, but certainly not worth the price and definitely not memorable.  And the service left a lot to be desired, too. I could have written a far more scathing review, but I wanted to be evenhanded.  If you're big into flavor, this is not the place for you.
Ahhh La Strada. I have so much to write about how great this place is. I definitely believe it is one of the best authentic Italian restaurants in the area, if not the best. "Pasta?" comes nowhere close to this treasure in the heart of Downtown Palo Alto. The restaurant is beautiful, yet simple. The family that owns this restaurant and the one next door, Joya - is from Sicily and they know what Italian food is all about. The service is impressive and the wine menu is huge. Every time I venture to La Strada, I am impressed by the food and hospitality I receive. I highly recommend the: Affettati della CASA: This is an appetizer plate which comes with imported prosciutto, mozzarella, salami, and warm bread. For about ~9$ a person, this is a great Italian appetizer, the mozzarella is so fresh and soft. It melts in your mouth. Risotto Frutti Di Mare: This risotto combines various types of seafood including mussels, prawns, scallops, and calimari, with a savory sauce. $18.00 For Dessert, I HIGHLY recommend the: Chocolate Soffiato. This is what really makes me come back again and again to this restaurant. There are no words to describe this delicious and delectable dessert. You just have to try it for yourself. Do yourself a favor and go to La Strada, and then Joya for drinks - or another Dinner.
I love their casonsei alla bergamasca. It's so incredibly good. It's one of my favorite places in palo alto to take people because people always love their meals. My mother is very fond of the sole in parchment and it comes out perfectly every time. The only thing I can fault them for is that they took their panna cotta off the menu and replaced it with these mini panna cotta that aren't half as good. I've tried replicating their panna cotta and I still have never gotten it right. Bring it back!
Went here with a group for a business dinner, and was seated immediately even though we were a group of 5. Our waitress was delightful - gave tons of information about the food and seemed very knowledgeable about the wine list, as well. I had the Butternut squash ravioli, and other members had the risotto with quail, roasted chicken, and steak with farro - everything was very good, and portion sizes were MUCH larger than we expected. Great prices, great food, great service!
There's 2 empty tables  outside  but hostess said it's reserved and only table  available outside  would be the sidewalk one.  We're not happy with the way the hostess' attitude .  Not professional at all. my lunch was come with either soup or salad , but when  our waiter took our order he was  not that helpful about mention what's the soup of the day  or what dressing i want on my salad.  Totally disappointed.  Won't go back again.
The ambiance is warm and romantic. Each table has a tiny votive. Seth had the duck and risotto, I had the ravioli. For dessert we had Affogato Classico which is vanilla bean gelato with espresso, we also had moscato di asti- which is heaven in a glass! Not too long ago, I decided to eat there for dinner by myself. Again the ambiance was warm and inviting. The wait staff was attentive and polite. For dinner I had the Pizza Contadina- mmmm delish! For dessert I had the Soffiato di Cioccolato- a Valrhona chocolate souffle and vanilla gelato- heaven on a plate. Overall the food and wait staff are great! The ambiance is warm, romantic, inviting. This is one of my most favorite restaurants on University Avenue.
Authentic food, and more interesting than the many other Italian restaurants around. Friendly service and no pretensions. My go to Italian place for a tasty meal.
This is a large bistro-style Italian restaurant with high-celings, colorful walls and an open kitchen, which makes it cozy-looking and inviting to people walking down University Ave, luring in hungry pedestrians like myself. The food was fantastic,although somewhat pricey in my opinion considering the ingredients and even the dishes themselves are not all that impressive- not for the high prices they are charging! Aside from the price factor, the food at La Strada is exquisite and with bold Mediterranean flavors. The fried mixed seafood appetizer was spectacular, as well as the braised lamb pasta I ordered as my entree. My boyfriend ordered the pizza and said it was well done. For dessert we shared the sorbetto with berries dessert, which was a great way to end our dinner. I was very pleased with this place and will most likely go back in the future.
I am continually impressed by the simplicity and quality of the food at La Strada -- I had lunch with my mom this afternoon.  I had a barley, green bean, and bell pepper barley salad with grilled calamari.  Yum!  The colors, texture, crunch green beans and barley with the delicate grilled calamari was awesome.  I also had some of my mom's spaghetti with olives and beef cheeks which was wonderfully tasty and subtle.  Always order the panna cotta here -- it's the second best I've ever had.  (The best?  A16!)
This place looked promising so we decided to give it a try.  We were seated quickly on a Saturday night.  The atmosphere was decent and everything seemed to be going good.  But then we noticed we didn't even get any bread until maybe 20 minutes after we were seated.  Then our appetizer came shortly after that.  We had the suckling pig, looked good but it lacked any kind of taste.  A long wait for the bread and a disappointing appetizer.  Now we were looking forward to a decent meal. We kept waiting and waiting.  45 minutes later we decided to ask a server to check on our food and he said ok.  Another 10 minutes or so we still haven't heard back so we looked for a manager and just wanted the bill for the appetizer, wine and soda and go on our way. This guy came over, looked like the manager, and asked what the problem was.  I told him and he returns with a highly unacceptable attitude - questioning us and being argumentative and trying to convince us we're wrong.   If 45 minutes is not a long wait for your food to this guy, this place needs a new manager.  We NEVER heard an apology of any sort from him nor the server (only from the hostess).  I'm sorry, this isn't a way to run a business.  Your customers can be dead wrong  about something, which we were not in this case, but as an employee, you do NOT treat them the way we were treated by this guy. We were told by our server that he couldn't put the order in until we finished eating our appetizer. I never heard of that ever before and it just makes no sense at all.  It was nothing but a poor excuse.   I usually tip even for bad food or bad service, and I'm sorry to the other employees, blame the manager for no tip left. I don't recommend this place and will not return.  A long wait sometimes happens but such poor treatment from the manager is unacceptable.     I'd rate less than half a star if I could.
My favorite casual Italian in Palo Alto.  That said, I've gotten the same thing both times: butternut squash ravioli.  I love how the flavors in the dish complement each other.  I'm also a big fan of warm bread, though the tomato paste they serve with it could be improved.  Oh, and service was quite friendly and helpful.
This well situated restaurant is classic Italian and Californian.  There is nice outdoor seating and good lighting.  Make this a place for lunch or dinner.  Pizzas are thin crust and a must.  Salads are good as well.  I also like the eggplant and meat anti pasti dishes.  I witnessed a small child downing the eggplant and squash, and I thought wow what a sophisticated palate my friend.  If you want your kid to eat their vegetables bring them here.  The panne cotta dessert is delightful.  Service is a bit brusque, quite focused on turning tables.  I am not fond of a restaurant that drops the check before you have finished your meal.  Another glass of wine apple?  Why yes thank you.
untraditional: sausage ravioli that looks and tastes more Chinese than Italian. My mother particularly enjoyed the cheese plate as well as ogling the manorexic Orlando Bloom-esque bartender. things are quite good here, though I haven't seen mr legolas in a while. there's always the food to come back for. elves aren't my type anyway. i'm into brawny brains.
I loved the ambiance. The quail risotto was pretty good.
One of the few restaurants in Palo Alto where the food is above average. From the unique tomato and mozzarella salad to the home made pasta, all of the food during our first dining experience here was exceptional. Our entire table of 4 each had a different dish and each was hand made and very good. The entree's are simple but very good, great ingredients and simple presentation made for a very good meal. This is hard to find in Palo Alto where most every this else us just OK. La Strada is one of the few restaurants that is truly excellent in food.
Expensive, small portions, ok food, pretentious. Good lighting/decor, though. Good place to take a date if you have money and want to keep her skinny.
this is a biased entry. i went to PA to have dinner with some friends on a friday night a while ago without reservations. a huge no no unless you expect to be eating something quick like Pluto's or Pizza My Heart. luckily i remembered a good old friend was a manager at the time and we got in immediately =) service was excellent and the food was great as well. the recommendations were delicious and the price to quality ratio was definitely decent. it was a pleasant change to a be served by someone who knew what was in the food and how it was cooked. and clearly was passionate about what he/she was doing. cheers to that.
This restaurant is money. Me and my friend really like coming here when we're in the area and ordering the calamari. For an entree, I prefer the spaghetti frutti di mare (I think that's what its called-the spaghetti with seafood). The bread here is also very good. The biggest key to success here is to keep your order simple if you are not too familiar with Italian food, or ask the waiter a few questions about the dishes before ordering, as they do have some funny stuff on their menu, such as the buckwheat pasta or pasta that is covered in a lot of cheese. If you go with something that you know you will like from a general standpoint, then you should be fine.
Blech! Food is bland and overrated. Everything tasted canned, frozen, and underseasoned. I'll never go here again.
Service wasn't bad food wasn't Amazing, I was just walking down the street and I think I've tried everything on university except this place so I thought I'd try it. I ordered a pasta and my bf ordered a pizza the pizza is probably what I would have stuck to because my pasta was not cooked fully but I still ate it, it was somewhat flavorful. Our waitress was pretty nice, attentive, and the bus boys were on top of things to. It was an okay place, I've had better though.
We had the carpaccio for starters and quail with a mushroom risotto & the frutti de mare for main course. The carpaccio was excellent quality, the quil was cooked to perfection as was the risotto. The frutti de mare was ok but failed to stand out from other restaurants. The wine list was quite decent at an ok price. My only complaint was that the service seemed unhappy and distracted, overall a nice meal.
La Strada is pretentious and overrated. My husband and I went there with his daughter on recommendations. (Note, my husband and I moved here from Italy 2 years ago, and his daughter had just flown over from Italy to spend a week of vacation with us.) They ordered pasta and I ordered the lamb. They *held* the pasta after it was cooked until the lamb was ready! By the time it got to the table (after an interminable wait) the pasta had turned to paste. We had waited so long that they didn't even want to bother having it redone. We shared my lamb, which was okay but overpriced. We'll never go back. I would give it a -1 stars if I could.
I came here for a friend's birthday lunch.  There were quite a few of us--maybe 10?  They had a nice room, but it was hella cold.  I was freezing the whole time so it was difficult to enjoy.  No music.  And this was on a Saturday. Service was also weird.  No one came to refill water for the longest time, which was fine for me since I was freezing and didn't drink much.  One person got their food maybe 10 minutes before anyone else did.  Ok... The server recommended the ahi tuna salad over the other fish salad I was looking at. The ahi was cooked well but lacked flavor.  As did the rest of the salad.  I feel like they just doused it in grapeseed oil.  Anyway, it just came with some olives, fava beans, etc. and some pickled crunchy thing that was a bit too salty, but interesting. I wish there was cheese and less oil, but maybe that's just me. They had salt and pepper on the table, but they barely let out any at a time, so it was difficult to add more. In the end I made up some bruschetta-ish concoction with the free bread as to not waste the money I paid for the tuna. The pizza looked much better.  The steak sandwich looked dry and oily at the same time, and the bread looked burnt.  I don't plan to return...
Great atmosphere and staff. Walk in with "try new things mind-set" Food is non-traditional Italian, but is very good. Usually a long wait on weekends, but the seats on the sidewalk are always worth the wait.
The couple of times I've been here, I've had a great experience. We were well-attended to and well-fed. I love their antipasti of assorted cured meats.
Overall, not bad italian fare. Hubby had the steelhead trout over a bed of vegetables and I had the pacherri pasta with calamari. We were both satisfied with our meals and liked the ambiance of the restaurant. The outdoor patio seating makes this place worth a return spot!
I had dinner here week before last with what I would describe as "clients"...if only I had a business with which to write off the meal.  In reality, I met up with two of my friends who had ordered girl scout cookies from my niece; the cookies (aka, "the goods") were to be handed off for $3.50/box (aka, "the cash") in a dimly lit Italian restaurant (aka, "La Strada"). After being seated, our pleasant enough waitress brought us bread and mystery spread.  It looked like frozen salsa in a little blue bowl better suited for containing butter, and all my attempts at defrosting it over the candle flame proved to be futile.  I ate some of it anyway and was OK, so I guess it deserves props for that (although I still don't know what it is).  As a starter we attempted to get calamari, but that was also futile as nowhere on the menu was there anything involving a cephalopod.  Unnerved, my friend ordered the fried shrimp, which along with fried pieces of asparagus and onion, also came with their heads.  These mannerless shrimp had the audacity to stare at me while I was trying to eat their compatriots.  And if that wasn't bad enough, they were not very flavorful.  In the end, I gave up and called dibs on all the shrimp and shrimp chunks that had pre-lost their heads, leaving my dining companions to decapitate their own antipasto. As an entree, I got the gnocchi with asparagus (insert shout-out to PB here), which were served in what looked like a tostada.  The gnocchi and asparagus were not as flavorful as I would have desired, but when I ate them with the "tostada," everything changed, for the "tostada" was made of cheese!!!  (To me, this is like dinging your car and finding out it's made of gold.)  It was DELICIOUS!!  I don't know how well my dinner companions liked their dishes, but I didn't really care as I was busy delighting in my delicious new cheesy discovery.... All in all, I thought La Strada was decent.  Neat and clean, the food middlin' to better than average, the staff excellent, and the ambiance and noise level ideal enough for me to carry on a very nice conversation with my friends the entire meal.  For that, La Strada, I give you quattro stelle!!! Be warned though- the menu they have posted online is not their de facto menu, as we quickly found out.  For one thing, they offer 2 types of calamari on their pdf web menu, when there were none in the menus we were given from which to order.  Additionally, my friend had had her heart set on the chitarrine con sugo d'agnello (the whole purpose of dining at La Strada, I assume) found on their online menu, but nowhere to be seen on the menu in situ. Reservations suggested.  Visa accepted.
Their chocolate souffle is to die for! It has a gooey, decadent chocolate center that oozes out when you break into the souffle. If you were planning to share it with a dinner companion, reconsider! And remember to order it in advance, as it takes 20-25 minutes to prepare.
This handsome bistro features a smallish but very nice menu. Unusual items such as piadina (great!) are available. The pleasant wine list includes Prosecco by the glass, my favorite. The small front patio is useful for more than half of the year.
A friend recommended this place.  I took my husband here for his birthday.   There were five of us.  The food was delicious.  We pratically lick the plates.  Our server and the manager were wonderful.
We decided to come here at the last minute because the maitre'd said the pasta was made from scratch. The atmosphere seemed nice enough but the food was nothing to write home about. We started off with the golden fried calamari as an appetizer. The dipping sauce was surprisingly good  - not your typical jarred marinara but something that tasted like the tomatoes were roasted. The dish itself was average - the calamari was tender but the portion size was very meager and the batter was not very crispy at all. We had to ask for bread too but at least it came out warm. We then followed up with sausage ravioli and the olive spaghetti with lamb cheeks. I know pasta should be cooked al dente but this was so al dente that it still had a raw flour taste to it. Wrapped inside each ravioli was a salty and unassuming chunk of sausage. The olive spaghetti was cooked more to al dente and the lamb cheeks were extremely tender. Even my 11-month old son was chomping down on it but the sauce was concentrated too much making the overall dish too salty. I don't know if it was because we went on mother's day but the service was slow and unattentive. It seemed like they could have done with at least another waiter/waitress to help with the service. And, for some reason, the maitre'd asked all the tables around us how their food was except for us. Overall, the food was unique but not somewhere I would bring family and friends to. And, for the price, the portions were definitely too small.
The waiter was obviously interested in other things, as he didn't really pay attention to what we were ordering and kept looking elsewhere.  We saw him only when we ordered, brought us the wine, and when he offered us the bill.  Unfortunately this meant he didn't seem to hear us when we said "the *less expensive* bottle of wine" and brought us out the *most expensive* which, because it was a string of seven Italian words, we said "I guess that's what we ordered" and he opened it.  Sure, our fault, probably. The gnocchi was fine but I could have mistaken the sauce for Chey Boyardee;  it definitely did not taste like "wild boar" as listed on the menu.  It also had a few hairs in it which made it a bit less appealing.  Not the biggest fan, especially for the price of the place.
We've been here a few times and enjoyed it. Yesterday we sat outside on the sidewalk basking in the heat, watching the PA crowds go by (how often to you see 2 Bentleys in a half hour?). We drank a bottle of AG Ferrari's Prosecco; the boyfriend had the fabulous cured meat plate and I had a lovely cheese plate, then we shared a seasonal ravioli stuffed with fava beans and topped with pecorino and asparagus tips. The pasta was a little chewy for me, but the BF liked the texture, and we both loved the flavors. We'll go again; the prices are decent, it's got an attractive interior and the location is great.
Firstly I have to say... yelp erased one of my reviews and thus this is #300 for the second time. How frustrating. Anyhoo had dinner here with an old friend to catch up. Tamarine was booked solid which I am still dying to try. Anyhoo. We tried to call to make a reservation, but they only take people on first come first serve basis. We were seated at an outside table for 2 in a nicely heated area. It was a pretty cold night, but warm with the seating. I started with a tomato and mozzarella salad. The fresh cheese was amazing covered in olive oil. Then I was feeling meaty (quelle surprise?) so I had the steak. It came with sun-dried tomatoes I believe and it was a little weird, because it makes the steak all soury. But the rest of the veges were good. But you know the worst part... this place needs new steak knives desperately. These had no serration whatsoever. I should have just picked up my steak and gnawed at it it would have been faster to eat that way. Instead being around polite company it was necessary that I injure both index fingers trying to cut through this steak. Not that the steak wasn't cooked to medium rare rare perfection, just the knife was so bad I could have cut if faster with a serrated butter knife. Had the ice tea as a drink, whereby the sweetener came out in a tiny shot sized carafe, super swank. All in all a good dinner.
I can't believe I am giving a 5 star review to a 3 star yelp reviewed restaurant... that is a first (and I eat at 3+ 4.5 star new yelp restaurants per week).  Maybe I just got lucky but the Shrimp & calimari salad special was excellent. The shrimp were so fresh and so big they looked like small lobster tails.  The flavor was perfect!!!
I have been there four or five times over several years when i am in the area.  i love the bread they serve, but a helpful hint is to ask the wait person for some fresh bread, and it comes steaming hot out of the oven.  If you don't like the tomato spread, they will also bring you some olive oil or butter.    I have ordered several  different types of food, and have been pleased with everything along with the people dining with me. I have been to more upscale restaraunts for italian, and the only difference was the price.
Update: 5/16/08...was here for dinner to celebrate the gf's birthday.  We had a great experience.  We sat at a table literally on the sidewalk along University.  At first, I thought that might be annoying, but they had a barrier that kept people from brushing up against our table.  We started with our usual meat sampler platter (which I've mentioned below).  Fantastic.  She then had a tomato/mozzarella salad (it was a special) and I had the cracking pork belly...wow.  I think my last meal has to include pork belly (which I've had one other time at Parcel 104).    We then both had the same entree, the ravioli mentioned below.  It's still one of my favorite dishes in the area.  She topped off her birthday dinner with the espresso/ice cream, which she loves.  Overall, a great meal.  Service was a tad slow...but she was busy and had a lot of tables to herself...and we weren't in a hurry...so we'll let it slide. ---------------------- I love this place.  I don't get the reviewers whose expectations of Italian food come from Olive Garden and Bucba di Beppo. I will say this...I'll agree with the people that weren't happy with the fish in parchment paper.  It's pretty bland.  Yes, it's fun to get at your table and attracts attention from other diners.  But it left me a little disappointed. That said - they have a ravioli with sausage and Amaretto brown butter sauce that is amazing.  I close my eyes and savor my first bite every time.  This dish is in my Top 10 favorite dishes.  Simply wonderful. They also have a great Affettati plate with prosciutto, salame, cheeses...mmmm...it's awesome.  They shave the prosciutto at the bar...so you know it's fresh.  Well...as fresh as a dried, cured meat can be. La Strada is casual, it's light, the wine list is great, the staff is friendly.  Eat at the bar if you want a little extra attention.  Or sit on the patio in the summer and people watch.  Always a safe bet if you're looking for somewhere in downtown PA.
I ate here for a light dinner with some friends after walking around on University Ave. I wasn't really hungry so I got a salad even though I never order salads in restaurants. This salad was spectacular though and makes me think twice about automatically rejecting only having a salad at a restaurant. This special salad was the Bloomsdale Spinach Salad, which contained smoked red trout, marinated artichokes, spinach, and a generous portion buffalo mozzarella with a balsamic dressing. I really enjoyed having a bite of salad with the mozzarella cheese. So very delicious.
The Thai place across the street was closed at lunchtime on a Sunday, so I brought my date here instead.  I was pleasantly surprised. The food didn't look very appetising, but it was very flavourful once I started eating.  I was a bit surprised to see that it was taking the form of a sandwich, so it's probably good to ask what exactly you're getting first.  I know that it's an Italian restaurant, but you shouldn't have to be able to speak Italian to know what you're ordering.
We've been to La Strada a few times.  The food is mediocre at best and the service is sub-par, but we've always liked the location.  But, after our last experience, we'll never set foot there again.  We went there with a few friends and put our name down for a table.  We had 3 toddlers under 3, and were clearly constrained by them.  The hostess told us we'd get 2 tables together in 20 minutes.  An hour later, and after several check-ins, we complained that several people who we saw check in after us were seated and we are still waiting (kids and all).  The manager, Mark Siri, then came out and, very rudely, said they never promised us a table (though our name was on the list).  He was so rude, and blatantly lied, to the point his own hostess was embarrassed (she whispered 'I'm sorry', as he argued with me).  When I told him that I'm writing him up on Yelp, he shouted 'Have fun at Chuckie Cheese', right there on the sidewalk in front of his patrons.  People were appalled. With his attitude and language, Mark Siri, would do better as a correctional officer in a state penitentiary, rather than a restaurant manager.  We'll never go there again, and I'm telling everyone I know about it.
I've only been to La Strada once for a full meal and believe it or not I loved the chocolate souffle so much I came back once just for that (yes I am a fat kid at heart). The bread and dip they bring out is addicting, so try not to fill up on that. They have all sorts of great dishes to choose from (of course pastas...but lots of good entrees too). I got the frutti de mare which was fabulous, but all of their dishes sound and look good. And then of course, get the chocolate souffle. It is incredible!
Blah Strada...there are too many other good options in Palo Alto for anyone to waste their time and money here.
Yum. Good wine, good food.  Although instead of the regular bread and butter or bread and olive oil restaurants usually put out - they put out this weird tomato paste thing I don't like.  That's my only complaint.  Otherwise it's delicious! Oh, and get the vanilla ice cream with espresso on top for dessert.
Have had dinner there a few times and lunch there last Friday. The food has always been good as well as the service. Definitely a very friendly atmosphere and a meal for a fair price (a rarity in downtown P.A.). Their individual pizzas are on a wonderful thin crust and topped with just fresh ingredients, NOT the usual pasty sauce and rubbery cheese. A dinner favorite is the pasta in a brown butter sauce. You don't find that too many other places and it is delicious. Kudos on all fronts.
I am sorry to say that our first and will be the last dining experience here was HORRIBLE!!! We decided to have an early dinner at 5:00PM on a weeknight and picked this Restaurant to try out something new since we were right there. First of all, there were only 4 other people dining. They asked if we wanted to dine inside or outside. We picked inside as it was way too hot that particular afternoon, We asked to be seated at a booth location as it was still empty and surprisingly enough he abruptly said not possible as there were only 2 of us and the booth are reserved for more than 2 people (VERY BAD RRESPONSE!!!). It is understandable if it was a busy night but it wasn't. Second, he only brought 1 menu and completely forgot to give us the wine list. Third, he goes on to tell us about the special menu for the night, I decided to go with the Halibut Dish Special he mentioned and turns around and tells me that I cannot order the Halibut because it is only 5:15 and they don't start serving them until 5:30. Now, what kind of shit is that??? At that point, i was too hot and too hungry to walk over to Lavande and start over again. We went ahead and ordered, the food came and it SUCKED!!! It was way to Salty, Too Dry and plain yucky!!! Needless to say, I will never go back there again as they struck out when it came to Service & Quality of Food and of course a waiter with major attitude. Sooooo disappointing!!! The bill came to $95 before tip. I normally tip a minimum of 20% but not this time!!! Come to think of it...I shouldn't have left any at all!!!
I've never eaten here, but I tried to make reservations and it was a terrible experience.
This is currently my favorite Italian restaurant on the Peninsula.  Every dish is authentic.  Tomatoes stuffed with risotto, sausage and artichoke heart thin-crust pizza, pasta with wild-boar ragu.  Great ambiance with the outdoor seating on the sidewalk, very good wines by the glass.  Oh, and a fantastic appetizer of very thinly sliced Italian meats served with olives and bread--outstanding!
First time there.  Wanted ambience - I found it.  The grilled salmon was delicious.  Romantic little spot.  Extensive wine list.  Excellent service.
Again, thanks to my Uncle John this was an amazing experience. The chef cooked for us special and kept sending us stuff to try. Everything was amazing, and we were spoiled beyond belief with apps, wine and dessert. The staff and service is more than fantastic as well -- with a shout out to my Piasan, Allen.  Anyway, every Yelper needs an Uncle John to call ahead for the hook ups.
Excellent pizza. We tasted the one with delightful mushrooms and truffle oil... Yummie ! The place is very nice, with an open kitchen. A good address in Palo Alto.
Okay kids, you've heard it before, and now you're gonna hear it again.  University Ave. has quite a few restaurants- most of them are okay, but nothing to write home about.  Service is hit or miss, and food is generally decent, but overpriced.  That stereotype lives on for a reason, and La Strada is one of them.  If you are in the mood for a little wine, a pleasant Italian meal, and sometimes a little attitude, come to La Strada.  I will go out and say that it is definitely one of the better places to eat on University, so if you find yourself stranded and hungry near the University, this is probably the place you wanna go.
Interesting food, but...eh, it's aiight (shrugging shoulders). PROS: -good experience of eating dinner -very unique dishes that are tasty (ie olive pasta) -nice ambiance -excellent service -walking distance to local shops; in downtown palo alto; lovely place to take a stroll -can eat outdoors, even if it's cold; heaters are posted outside CONS: -im more of a simple hometown person. all the froufy stuff doesnt really impress me. im a hungry carnivore that loves a hearty meal. im good with pasta pomodoro, olive garden, and my bf's dad's spaghetti -PRICEY! im used to 16 bucks a plate, not 30+ dollars! i mean, the dishes are highly unique, but one experience is enough for me...i was simply looking for the chicken alfredo, but the items on the menu were very exotic, which can work to their disadvantage if you are looking for a staple dish -i didnt know that a 20 dollar plate of 3 olives, 4 slices of salami, 4 slices of cheese, and a spoonful of cheese spread would satisfy 3 people. the plating was nice, but didnt cut it. was not worth 20 dollars -i was looking for a huge plate of pasta, but got a unique dish served in a small/kid-sized portion. i was still hungry afterwards. -some people are mindful of the whole "experience" of dinner, but since my tummy kept on making noises, i'll let my stomach do the talking! ok experience overall, but i'll drive down the street, go to trader joes, and make my own pasta
La Strada can be "hit and miss"; however, it has been mostly "hit" lately.  The pasta is fresh, the fish is fresh and the taste is home-made.  The manager and chef has been doing his job to see that his menu is served as he wishes it to be served.  Excellent: fish, Casonsei alla Bergamasca, Beet Salad, Calarmari.  For dessert, the Panna Cotta is a treat.
I have been a regular for 3 years at La Strada (lunch and dinner).It is amazing everytime.I can't explain it in words SO YOU GO THERE AND EXPERIENCE IT YOURSELF!!You will not regret it and if you're a vegetarian there are dishes for you as well.They are really good about making substitutes for people wtih dietary restrictions.Being Italian myself,I am very picky when it comes to Italian food and they pass the test.If you can't get around to Palo Alto then try Vittoria in Los Gatos.They are owned by the same owner so it's the same style -very fresh and you leave feeling "light and content".It's definately NOT the same as when you eat Mexican food and feel like you should go to the gym and work it off afterwards.You WILL want to go back for sure.
It's fine.
Good, solid Italian food that is not overwhelming.  The butternut tortellini was very good - not too creamy or salty (always my fear).  We also got the two risotto - the frutti di mare was full of seafood (always a good thing), but the standout was the quail that my friend Shelley got.  Reasonably priced and very cute...even though the hostess was a little ditzy.
I really wish this place was better because I think it looks nice from the outside, but it was one of those "wannabe fancy" restaurants.  I think the food was overpriced and not that great.  I got a pizza for $13, but it wasn't that great.  Service was very good though.I will try other places for italian...
My boy brought me here for my birthday earlier this week.  The restaurant itself is cute and it was nice sitting outside with the beautiful weather.  Our waiter was a bit slow, but not bad.  I got a glass of merlot, which was actually decent (given the price) and the paccheri, which I really enjoyed.  My boy got the butternut squash ravioli, which was a bit too sweet.  They tried to off set it with mushrooms, but it kind of just failed.  The tapanade they serve with their bread is quite tasty.  Probably won't go out of my way to come back, but if someone wants to go, I wouldn't say no either.
good place for quick lunch. prices decent.. simple menu. however.. as authentic as it is.. i can't read a damn thing. lol. thank goodness it had english descriptions, but even then i didn't know what half the veggies/etc were! i had a lamb cibatta with olive paste and artichokes. it was good indeed, especially for $10! nice seating area, well decorated, and a good spot for this lil joint.. however, it always looks empty compared to it's neighbor - also an italian place i think - that was always always packed, and way bigger complete with a huge wine bar.. so la strada was dwarfed by it and looked dead. we ate here BECAUSE it looked dead.. aka: faster service! the minute we sat down, the whole place filled up as well.. like a magical wave of hungry customers that saw us sit down and decided if it was good enough for us, it was good enough for everyone else. our plan failed, but we still had pretty quick service and very efficient staff. i'd come back here again for lunches, yes. :) maybe even for dinner to try it out.
Their margherita pizza is good.  I also enjoyed the beet salad and roasted eggplant with buffalo mozzarella.  The pappardelle had some really tasty mushrooms but the buckwheat pasta made me long for real pasta.  They were nice enough to make spaghetti carbonara by the special request of my brother-in-law who was just in the mood for it and didn't see it on the menu.  That was very cool of them.
I expect greatness from La Strada. It has the atmosphere, it has the service, it has the location, and it has the food presentation. However, I was underwhelmed with the taste of the food. I ordered the gnocchi, my fiance had the butternut squash. Both dishes were not bad, but they were missing something.. not sure what. Overall, La Strada is a good restaurant, but I probably wouldn't go back soon.
I went with to La Strada a small group (of six) to have a working dinner.  We were seated right away, waited on promptly, paid attention to throughout our meal, and all given separate checks without any fuss.  The food, however, was merely adequate.  My pasta was really, really bland--even with a healthy dose of table salt.  The wine was entirely average.  Even the pre-dinner bread was uninspired.  Since there are plenty of other choices nearby, in the future, I'll probably choose somewhere else.
What a find. Great Happy Hour menu. Kobe beef tartar was perfect and beautifully displayed served with red onions marinated in lemon juice and white wine as well as the largest capers I'd ever seen and Arugula. Yum. Crispy Calimari served with fried asparaus. Wow. Dominic, our server, was excellent and very informative of every dish.
I don't think we ordered well. I wan't that impressed with what we got. But I liked the sound of just about everything on the menu so I'm torn. My butternut squash soup was wonderful though. Very fresh and tasty. We enjoyed the ambiance. I think it needs another try but unfortunately there are other places in Palo Alto we've never been to that I'd rather give a first chance to.
Boring and bland.  The food we ordered was dry, and it tasted like it had been sitting out for quite some time.  The service was mediocre, and I would never recommend this place to a friend.  The atmosphere looks nice, but that's about all La Strada has to offer.  If you're looking for good Italian in downtown Palo Alto, go to Bella Luna instead.  It's much better, and the prices are about the same.
Nice ambiance.  The panini sandwich was excellent!  The soup was rather bland.
La Strada's outdoor seating is perfect for enjoying a late lunch on a warm, sunny day.  I really enjoyed my Margerita pizza, thin, light and tasty.  However, I don't think my husband enjoyed his spaghetti with shrimp since it was light in taste, flavored mostly with simmered onions.  Overall, I'd come back if I were in the neighborhood and craved some thin pizza or paninis.
This place was decent, but there was nothing super standout about it.  The decor is pleasant, and there is seating outside the front of the restaurant with heat lamps.  The chicken alla diavola was all right; it was a little spicy, a good portion and moist, served on a bed of broccoli rabe.  It didn't make me want to scarf down the entire dish and lick the plate though.  Service was attentive.  Like I said, good but nothing spectacular.
Pretty good food, unimpressive wine list, nice ambiance. Outdoor seating is nice... with heaters for you females. I had the Sole baked in parchment which was good but the pizza was not. Not pricey but pretty average.
Nothing special here.  I ate here for lunch and the food and price was decent.  Nothing spectacular.  It was somewhat empty when I came (at around 1pm) so it was nice that we were able to have a nice conversation along with our lunch.  Just another Italian restaurant that doesn't do much to stand out from the crowd.
I know very well Italian cuisine. We went the for lunch. Only few items on the menu look Italian. The gray pappardelle and piadina tasted mediocre. The salad went to the wrong person while I was in restroom. The only Italian thing in it was the parmigiano cheese. Entrees are overpriced, too. The only good thing was the gelato but they give you very little of it =(
I like this place.  It's fun to sit near the sidewalk on a nice day and the food is what you would expect from an Italian restaurant in this price range.
Another of my Palo Alto favorites.  I love the food, the outdoor seating, and the room in back.  Just about everything is great.  The pizzas may be the best pizza in Palo Alto.  Love the shrimp pasta dish when it's in season.
So I tried La Strada again (haven't been there for years).  Unfortunately, I was quite disappointed.  I gave it a 3 cause my dish was like a 2 while my bfs was a 4.  What did I get?  The seafood risotto (it was even recommended by the waiter).  It was horrendous!  Sure the seafood items were large (big size shrimp, scallop, etc.), but they tasted like they've been dead forever!  The texture was just ridiculously  bad - instead of being sweet with a fresh texture, it tasted like smelly mush.  I couldn't even eat the seafood - just picked at the rice.  My bf got the pizza, that was good - good crust, great cheese, and good ingredients.  I'm just shocked that they did not use fresh seafood.
Had lunch here on a Friday; wasn't very busy. Partner had pizza, which was quite greasy. I had the gnocchi, which was decent but certainly not the best I've ever had. It seemed more expensive than it's worth. Service was okay.
This is all I am going to say:  My friend and I visited this place and paid greater than $25/person for BAD FOOD.  That is problematic. Nasty, over-priced food.  The food at Buca di beppo is ten times better and that is a chain!
I had the prosciutto pizza and it was wayyyyy salty. I love salty foods and I know prosciutto is salty, but whoever made my dish for sure had a heavy salting hand. It totally killed my taste buds and from what my husband said, his pasta dish wasn't all that either. It's really too bad because it is a lovely atmosphere with great service. Sorry, we're just not fans.
One of my favorite restaurants on the peninsula. The food presentation is always amazing and the menu is constantly changing with the seasons (so everything is always fresh). We ordered the vegetable risotto, which came in a Parmesan cheese shell (imagine the chip shell that taco salads often come in, but made of cheese) and the grilled ahi which was delish. The chocolate lava cake is a MUST.... so warm and gooey. Our waiter Vittorio was very attentive and made sure our wine glasses were never below half full.  I can't wait to go back to La Strada!
Came here recently for dinner with two friends.  The appetizer bread they served was moldy.  The server took it back and promptly replaced it with warm bread.  1 of the 3 entrees was incorrect and had to go back to the kitchen, causing my friend to wait an additional 20 mins for her meal.  The server comped us with one dessert, which was delicious, but I was already disappointed with the poor service for that to make up for it.  The wait staff also seem to be in a huge hurry to get your table cleaned up for the next customer.   I don't think I'll be back in a hurry.
Stumbled into here while we were looking for the Cheesecake Factory. Very intimate ambiance, attentive waiters, and good service overall. I was not a fan of the food though. The best part of the meal was the bread and the tomato paste.
I have not eaten here very much but it has always seemed like a treat. Flavors are robust and both indoor and outdoor spaces are comfortable (though indoor can be too loud). I had a truly fantastic wine here, but I brought it myself.
eh. the food here isn't bad, but it isn't great.  i don't think i would go back here for a few reasons: 1. service: the service was lacking. to start, we had reservations and arrived on time.  when we got to the restaurant I noticed that several tables were open, but was told that my table would be ready in a few minutes.  we waited by the tiny bar are for over a half hour when they put us at a table that had been open all along.  as for the wait staff, they served us food and drinks, but weren't particularly helpful or even friendly. 2.portions: so tiny! i left this place with a $50 bill and a grumbling tummy. there was nowhere near enough food, especially food the price. 3. taste: everything was just "ok" - not spectacular or worth bragging about.
I ordered the Risotto Frutti de Mare which was deliciously filled with my favorite seafood and my hubby ordered the Oven Roasted Branzino that was served whole, bones and all!  Our waiter offered to de-bone the fish which made it a lot easier for him to eat.  Both dishes were good but service could have been better.  For a slow night, it was tough getting someones attention (to ask for more bread, refill on the water, and even the wait on the check was long).  We were waited by 3 different people...not sure who we tipped at the end of the meal.
Romantic dinner right on University Avenue, with a lovely (heated!) patio. I had delicious ravioli, and next time I go I want to try their pizza.
I really like this place!  It is not on Opentable unfortunately, but it's not a chain either.  The wine list is pretty good, and the food is also very good too.  It's also not as noisy generally, which is a good thing for conversation.
Strada is exactly what you'd expect from a restaurant along the main strip near a college.  The place looks nice with seating outside and it's decor inside, but that's where the compliments end.  Came here for lunch and ordered a panini.  It was soggy with grease and the sausage tasted like absolutely  nothing.  I finished half the thing before calling it quits and I regretted wasting some of my daily calories on it.  If only I were bulimic, then I could re-eat lunch at Whole Foods or even Costco.
Friendly staff and cozy atmosphere, mixed with simple yet elegant italian classics. We made our first visit and had some delicious pasta dishes, and we'll sure come back for more.
Authentic, well-prepared, memorable Italian cooking in Palo Alto. Favorites: CASONSEI ALLA BERGAMASCA' SAUSAGE RAVIOLI and the Cuttlefish.
Food was bland, service was slow to non-existent, and it was highly overpriced.
Small Italian bistro with a focus on creative Roman-style dishes.  Not too fancy, not too casual, not too expensive.  One of the few places in Palo Alto with outside dining (sidewalk + front atrium).
I am not happy...This place really sucks. Sorry guys. The dip that came with the bread=crap, service was terrible, app was tasteless (fried shrimp that are still looking at you...gross) and the pizza was barely warm and soggy. We had mentioned to the waiter that we were unhappy and he said he'll talk to the chef. We still paid full price for everything. At least kick off a glass of wine or the whole pizza. I thought this was a high-end place, what gives? Fire your kitchen crew, have a sense of urgency, and hire wait staff with personality. Boo La Strada!
It seemed to be a nice place from the sidewalk, bustling and full of life. It was busy and we were a party of four and were willing to wait for a seat. Originally the wait was said to be 15 minutes. Fifteen minutes later it was ten more minutes, after that it was 5 more minutes it felt as though they were lying because during the wait we watched at least four other groups be seated. When asked about it the manager became irate and agitated, needless to say we left. I will never to go back!
This is our "okay" place to go. We actually like this place and eat there a lot, but recognize and accept its shortcomings. The wine list is great, and the food can be very very good. But about 20% of the time the food just prepared wrong, and when I send it back they just try to fix it instead of preparing it correctly from scratch. It also annoys me tremendously that even when the place is half empty they refuse to seat 2 people at a table with room for 4. The service is kind of impersonal -- even though I eat there frequently, they have no idea who I am, and don't really care. The manager seems to be an insincere jerk, and when the owner is in the house the staff is so nervous that they mess up half the orders. Still I seem to go back almost every week.
The food is not your standard Italian fare, and they always have interesting entrees on offer.  However, I've been 4 times and nothing on the menu has ever jumped out at me as particularly appealing.  There are better value places on University Ave nearby.
One of my favorite Italian places.  I have been going here since they have opened and introduced all my friends to it.  excellent value for $$.  I was introduced Pinot Gris / Pinto Grigio's here.  They have an excellent selection and hence finally found the varietal I consistently like.  Their entrees and desserts are simply wonderful.  I usually skip the appetizer, prefering to save room for dessert.  Highly recommend their pasta and their chocolate souffle.
The Food and the quality of food used on the recipes are A+, the service is very good and the portions are fair! recommendations: Bufala e Caponata (Mozarella di Buffalo with Sicilian Caponata) this is A nice dish not only in the taste but the presentation is beautiful (ideal to share with your date) and the Casonsei  Alla Bergamasca (the Cheff moms recipe, ravioli like stuffed with sausage & Amaretto)  delicious! Good for Groups and Reservations always respected.
Not sure why this place has had so many bad reviews. Coming from the UK, when I went to La Strada for the first time it was like a breath of fresh air - they didn't feel the need to pile up the food, but rather focused on subtle flavours, ambiance and style. I left satiated but not bloated (sadly bloat and heartburn seem to be a consistent symptom for me when I visit more American-style restaurants). The times I have gone I have had the good fortune not to be picking up the bill and so I don't have to worry about the price - which is otherwise outside my range, but still a bargain compared to London.
The pizza was superb. Everything else was okay, but not really my thing.
Certainly nothing spectacular. Food was acceptable, but frankly, I cook better Italian food. Gnocchi with boar meat was an interesting choice, but it seemed somewhat discordant. A great dish has every component compliment the main part of the meal; this particular plate had so-so gnocchi and salty meat, both of which seemed as though they were competing for the main flavour. The papardelle was a better choice, but not by much; the sauce was uninspired. I ordered a side of Erebette, escarole and broccoli rabe...with raisins. Weird mix of flavours. The Montefalco blend was a very nice glass of wine, and the remainder of the selection seemed quite good as well. Loads of proper Italian reds and whites, thankfully placing the limited (albeit excellent) Californian wines towards the back. Italy produces the most wine in the world for a reason, people. I was even more impressed by the value factor of the liquor selection. Scotches and cognacs are reasonably priced (Lagavulin, my personal favorite, is 12 dollars. They charge exactly the same at the Nut House, and double that at a comparable restaurant down the street). Our server was non-existent. It was nearly empty on a monday night (hardly surprising), but rather than take care of his tables, he sat talking with the manager and bartender. Our busser basically became our server for the evening; but only because I knew the guy from working with him before. Such laxity in service is completely inexcusable at a place of this price point, exacerbated by how wide-open the restaurant was. It was a real shame, too, I could tell he was a good server the few times he came over to speak to us; he clearly just didn't care. In all, the food just isn't good enough to warrant frequent visits. It's certainly quick and the liquor is well-priced, but sitting at the bar seems as though it would be awkard. Even the decor is a mixed bag. The walls and ceiling are certainly nice enough, but the tables and chairs are almost food-court variety. An odd thing to complain about, fine, but dining out is about the experience. In all, we both left marginally satisfied.
We like the taste of the dishes we had ordered, Only wish the portion was bigger, as we were ordering, whether it was appetizer or pizza, the waitress was asking: As an appetizer??? I wonder what she meant w/ the pizza, maybe she wanted to know if she should serve that first? I liked my wild boar gnocchi, unlike the preivous yelper, i wish there was less wild boar, a little too chewy & more gnocchi which was full of flavor of the meat sauce & cooked just right.
For a weeknight, seating was easy and pleasant.  We both ordered wild boar gnocchi and chanti.   The gnocchi light, good texture, and not too meaty.  We topped dinner off by sharing panna dessert.   Enjoyable 3 hour dinner.   Good location, good food, good wine, good service and good company!
Rarely do I give 5 stars. And for those of you who know me and my food pickiness you know why. But this will be an exception. You know I will tell you why in clear detail. So here we go. My wife and I decided to meet up in Palo Alto for dinner to celebrate my new job. We walked up and down College looking for the right spot. I was being unusually indecisive. We stopped here, looked at the menu and stayed. There were 3 dishes on the plate that had my attention, quail risotto, lamb top round and gnocchi. Curious, I asked the waitress which would she prefer. The risotto is their specialty. Having a taste for quail I went with it. Next came the wine list. I couldn't decide so I asked for suggestions. They brought me tastings of all 3 wines. I chose and the glass came quickly. Now on to the food. The quail risotto was f***ing amazing. My taste buds were blown away. My wife ordered the butternut squash ravioli's in red sauce. Ya, sounds strange but it was awesome. Awesome. Awesome. I really wanted to try to enjoy my food but I just couldn't stop to savor it. Next came dessert. We ate the chocolate souffle with a cup of some of the best coffee I have ever had. Are you catching on now to why this is getting 5 stars? The food, the service, the ambience. I will definitely be going back here again.
horrible experience. from the food to the service to the drinks. everything about this place is horrible. ive never had worst italian food anywhere. i ordered the chicken ravioli... horrible. the chicken tasted like uncooked chicken in the pot stickers you can buy from frozen aisle at safeway. the bread was burnt completely. this place was a dissappointment.
It's not really fair for me to write a review about La Strada.  I think I eat here at least once a week, so it's kinda like writing about family.  But I'll try to be honest.  Now to start, this is a northern Italian restaurant.  Chef Donato Scotti comes from Bergamo, which is northeast of Milan, not far from Lake Como, and right up against the Italian Alps.  This is not tomato sauce country, so don't expect that style of Italian (yes, there are other, better, places in PA if you're in the mood for that style). The best dishes to try here are the risotti, the meats (especially prosciutto, salumi and salami as antipasti), the ravioli, and they do good fish.  The food is authentic (if having spent 3 months in the past 2 years in northern Italy provides any experience in judging). The wine list is good, but a bit pricey, especially by the glass.  I'd like to see them offer a few wines by the quarto (1/4 liter) as is done in quite a few places in Italy. The ambiance is good.  I prefer eating at the bar by the open kitchen so I can watch as dishes come out, but there are 3 areas: sidewalk tables for those who like to people watch, an open area with high-ceilings for those who like to be seen, and in back a cozy room for those who'd rather just be together. The service is good, but not great, and is spotty, depending on who you get for your server and bus.  Every restaurant has a waiter who will always recommend the most expensive item of the type you've asked about, and La Strada has one, too.  But they also have several really great waitstaff, and some really great bus staff (think about how much your experience at a restaurant depends on the bus staff to notice the water, the plates, the bread, the ....).  But what really distinguishes La Strada is that if I have a craving for a particular northern Italian dish, chef Scotti will make it on the spot (ingredients and time being available).
I had the rib eye steak with asparagus - medium. It was over cooked and dry. when i told the waiter, he just said "oh well, there is nothing i can do". This is another overpriced palo alto restaurant with nice ambience but below average food. I would say Chevy's had better food.
Terrible on Saturday.  Has been 3 stars before. 5 of us went on Saturday at about 7:30 P.M.  Hostess was nice.  She did not have a table for 5 right away.  They made up a table on the front patio for us.  We were seated quickly.  The waiter told us about the specials and brought water. Food arrived.  I had Seafood risotto.  It was COLD and tasteless.  The shellfish was actually refrigerator cold to the touch. After trying for about 5 minutes to get his attention, I told the waiter that the dish was cold.  He asked if I wanted it reheated, like this... "Uhhh, what do you want me to do, re-heat it or something?".  I asked him to take it off the bill, which he did. Another in our party had a Scallop Ravioli special.  The raviolis were cool and hard and tasteless.  Finally another in the party asked for plain spaghetti with parmesan and olive oil.  The noodles were partially hard and stuck together, as I assume they were taken from a mass, pre-boiled storage pot from long, long ago. All-in-all a bad, bad experience.  So-so service and terrible food.  Not going back.
Met a friend for lunch this week. Very good, attentive service throughout the meal. We had a special (butternut squash ravioli with mushrooms) and 1 off the menu (gnocchi with wild boar sauce) - both were very good.  Would go back.  It was also nice to sit outside by the sidewalk.
Had lunch here last Sunday.  We were looking for an Italian restaurant and were attracted by the location and ambience. The service was reasonably attentive and the restaurant was nearly empty probably due to the time (it was after 1 PM).  The wine list was pretty good and we found a good wine available by the glass. The biggest disappointment was the food.  Perhaps the pasta entrees are decent but the pizzas were bland, had skimpy toppings and were over-priced for the value.  The tomato sauce on the pizza tasted like canned or jarred sauce. My husband's pizza was advertised on the menu as "spicy sausage".  It was actually very mild and almost tasteless.  When the staff was quizzed about why it was not spicy, the waiter shrugged and told us that the menu description was incorrect. Our guest's calzone was OK but since we footed the bill she may have been just being polite. Overall bill for three of us was $120 before tip.  This was for two boring pizzas, a calzone, three glasses of wine and coffee.  I didn't consider this good value for the money.
Pretty authentic and very fast service. Bad seafood. Drinks were okay.
The best part about my dinner here was the fact that when my friends and I were waiting to be seated there was an obvious first date happening at one of the outside tables.  The questions like, "do you speak any languages"? "Have you traveled?" "Siblings"? "Education" etc....  Super cute.  My friends and I actually had to wait for quite a while because we did not have a reservation but after a little bit of pushing and prodding they sat us in the back "room" which was lot better than I thought it was going to be.  They were extremely helpful in helping me pick the wine for the table of which I must say was the perfect choice and everyone ordered what looked like super yummy meals.  We had one extremely difficult individual sitting with us and she asked for this that and the other from the waiter pertaining to her meal and he was super patient and really helpful so I have to give a great thumbs up just because of that.  As far as the food is concerned it was really good.  If you are a super big eater then either do not go here or make sure to get an appetizer and a salad before you meal.  I only had a main course and it was just perfect.  I had some sausage ravioli thing and even though I did not finish it I was really happy with it.  Everyone had something that looked like I would order in the future which is a good sign of a restaurant that has all around good food so check it out, take a date there, and hey...it is palo alto... you can go out to a couple bars afterward!
Really good place.  Pleasant staff.  food was terrific.  The calamari with Asparagus was the best calamari we have ever had.  Husband said the Italian Margarita was really great and really enjoyed his spaghetti with meatballs.   My salmon ravioli was great.  Will eat here again. Really great gelato- vanilla.
It tries to be an upscale Italian bistro but misses.  The people of Palo Alto seem to have bought into to the ruse, however.  The room was bustling and the air was laden with the scent of Sarah Jessica Parker's "Lovely."  I had a $6 plate of greens with a few croutons and cherry tomatoes thrown on for show.  My friend had a paltry plate of antipasti.  He also had a ravioli dish which consisted of 5 small raviolis soaked in butter.  I had the grilled chicken.  While it was quite good, I'm of the opinion that anything tastes good if you soak it in olive oil and throw it on a grill.  The presentation was unimaginative.  The chicken was piled on top of some olive oil soaked red potatoes and asparagus tips.  To wash it all down, my friend had a poorly made vodka tonic and I had an overpriced average glass of pinot noire. The service was terrible.  And the room is too narrow to have real ambiance.  Servers were rushing past us every few seconds.  The bill?  $70 before tip.  Ouch.  The experience was worth about $30 in my book.    I will not be back.
We were pulled in to La Strada by the happy faces and colorful plates. I had the seafood risoto, trimmed out with two crayfish stuffed with fat shrimps, fanatastic. My daughter however ordered a quail and artichoke pasta dish which did not please her in either taste or presentation. The quail bites were okay, but the artichoke was just tid bits and the tough pasta killed the dish. We both finished off my risoto and commented to our waiter (when he asked if everything was okay) that the pasta was not done. Al dente is 'just to the tooth', not chewey. He didn't care, just cleared the still full plate. Indifferent service. WIne prices there were surprisingly high, even by the glass. But we found that to be the case all over the Bay area on this trip--except in wine country. Best tasting was at the champagne houses in Anderson Valley. Roderer and Sharfenberger pourers are 'an item' at the moment and compete w. each other for happy tasters. The best deal in Palo Alto  for weekend of July 29 was at the Sheraton. Room was not prepared when we checked in at 2 pm (early) so two chits were provided for drinks at the bar followed by breakfast buffet tickets when the room was still not ready at 3 as promised.  Nice quiet room, facing interior fountains and comfortable bed, relaxing ambiance pool area, 10 minute walk to La Strada and the rest of downtown Palo Alto. It was great to get out from under the SFO fog and catch some CA rays.
I don't know if it was because it is a holiday weekend or what, but our lunch today was HORRIBLE. The service was incredibly slow, the food was almost inedible. I ordered BUCKWHEAT PAPPARDELLE WITH FIELD MUSHROOMS and it tasted like Lean Cuisine's Chicken Alfredo. The sauce was pasty the pasta was just nasty and the chicken was bland oh and the mushrooms - I guess I didn't notice them as I didn't realize until I copied the name from their on-line menu that they were in the dish. As hungry as I was - I only ate about a 3rd of it - just couldn't stomach the rest. My husband had the fettuccine bolognese and while he said it was just ok. Did I mention the service was so slow. I ended up leaving my husband there so that I could do some shopping I had planned on doing. When we met up later and he made the comment that he would never go back. He didn't even wait around for the Gelato that came with the lunch meal.
ok I have given this place 4 tries and now I have to yelp them! They have a nice MARGHERITA pizza that we always go for, even though I personally think it needs a bit more sauce and way more basil (we always ask for extra on the side to make up for this) and great wine.  HOWEVER....the service has been poor to marginal almost every time.  Last time we got a great server finally and I was very direct upfront about being in a hurry, our expectations, etc. and he totally delivered.  The thing is I don't think a customer should have to do this in order to get good service.  I believe that water and bread should be instantly brought to the guests.  Then I believe the server should give regular eye contact in case the guests need anything, yet not be all over them with questions.  Eye contact is sufficient enough to allow the guests an opportunity to ask for something if they need it. DON'T get the CALAMARI...it was awful....we sent it back!   the Asparagus, Tomato, Mint & Parsley Sauce...that came with it was great but the Calamari itself was nasty. Bottom line,,,,get better servers or teach them how to be good servers.  I get so frustrated here!
love it! Being Italian myself, the place has a back home feeling. Great place to dine out on a friday or saturday night. The outdoor seating makes this place unique from the other resturants on the street. Would come back here again.
Tthe service is ok, and the food is also ok.  They try.  :D
SHORT & SWEET: This place could be the most misunderstood restaurant in Palo Alto. Reading some of the reviews here, I'm convinced that most people expected a plate full of hearty ravioli or eggplant Parmesan. My sense is that people walk in to drive a Honda, they get a Ferrari instead, they're overwhelmed by the horsepower, and they drive into a telephone pole.  Don't let the outside seating area and casual interior fool you. La Strada is a refined culinary experience in every way - food, service, and impeccable presentation. We sat at the bar overlooking the kitchen so I can attest to the artistry and care that goes into every dish. The food here really defies description. In San Fran this place would be all the rage. Try the black olive pasta with lamb cheeks or the veal rib-eye, or the butternut squash ravioli and the grilled calamari starter. Oh, and BTW - $54 for the two of us, including bottled water, two apps and entrees. Slap some white linen on this place and they could charge double. Our new favorite spot.
My girlfriend and I stumbled upon this place by chance one night while out in palo alto.  We went in late and ended closing the place which means we had the waitstaff to ourselves.  I wasn't too hungry so I ordered the appetizer plate of fresh meats and cheeses to snack on.  I was really blown away by the freshness and quality of the meats and fresh mozzarella.  It also came with freshly baked flat bread which had an amazing fire-baked taste.  My girlfriend ordered the salmon which I can easily say was the best cooked salmon I've ever eaten.  I topped off my meal with the gelato and cafe latte which again were prepared perfectly. I thought our meal was reasonably priced (especially for a palo alto restaraunt) and definitely worth the price we paid.  The wait staff was polite and attentive and the hostess was extremely accommodating (after seating us she offered to move us to to a better table). I offer four stars only because I save five stars for out-of-this-world, blow-my-mind experiences.  La Strada offers great food, reasonable prices, and standard ambiance which to me is a solid four star rating.
Gross, gross, and gross. We decided to grab lunch here yesterday while we were in Palo Alto. The restaurant looked great from the outside so I was really excited that the food would taste just as great as the restaurant looks. We get inside and it is quite busy for lunch at 1:30 pm in the afternoon. We ordered the salad with the frisee lettuce, shrimp gnocchi, and the proscuitto sandwich.  First they had only one waiter it seemed working the entire restaurant. So our service was slow. The salad was ok, it seems like this place spends more money paying someone to write great descriptions on the menu more than they do on the food. The gnocchi was so mushy that we couldn't even eat it. The only great part to the dish was 3 good size shrimp that was on the plate. Then lastly, the sandwich was just ok. Overall, I would not go here and will just stick to the city (which is where we live) when it comes to eating out.
I've only been there once, but had a positive experience.  The server was friendly and provided excellent service.  The food was absolutely delectable, and their dessert was YUMMY!  The look and feel of the restaurant was contemporary, cozy, and intimate.  I highly recommend this place and I am definitely going back.
i would come back any day if they bring back the porchini risotto... they didn't have it last time since it was not porchini season.  but the best risotto i've EVER had was at the Vegas Wynn buffet -reviewed on yelp.  this place is my 2nd fav.
Don't know why the average rating is 3. It is slightly pricey but then Italian food doesn't taste so flavorful at the cheaper places. The bruschette was a delight. We had the Ravioli and the Risotto ( both veg ). I am not a risotto fan but this one made me rethink - maybe this is what risotto should taste like and that's the real deal.
Not bad at all.
My husband was post-call and in need of dinner.  I, of course, had only cooked (I mean, assembled) trail mix, so a search for dinner ensued.  We trekked to University Avenue, babies in tow.  After our obligatory pining for Telegraph Ave, we enjoyed the pleasant global-warming-enhanced night.  Clever mama me managed to pack an assortment of baby food jars AND bottles.  For once.  Anyway, we decided on pizza at La Strada, under the comfy heating lamps of their outdoor patios.  The pizza was surprisingly good--not the anvil-in-the-gut-goodness of Patxis, but a nice, light, civilized pizza, somewhat reminiscent of the greatest pizza I have ever had (Brick Oven Pizza) in NYC.  The babies made quick panade of the complimentary bread, and also seemed to enjoy the pizza crusts.  The only downsides:  slow service, a sauce slightly redolent of tin can, and the first 1/3 of each slice was overly wet and drippy.  Satisfying enough, though.
Not as good as it used to be.  A great place to go to enjoy the outside seating (a rarity here), but the food isn't as tasty as it was previously.  Love the tuna pizza (sounds nasty, I know, but really tasty) and the tomato paste stuff they give you with the bread.  However, last time I went, they had cut back on the amount of the tomato stuff.  Pastas can be hit or miss.  You'll definitely want the salt & pepper shakers, since a lot of the food could use more seasoning.
La Strada is one of the few places in Palo Alto with a reasonable amount of outdoor seating.  I go... Read more 
3 stars for service: server was nice 2 stars for food: the branzino fish is not fresh (-1) food is overall not well marinated (-1) presentation need to be developed (-1) 2 stars for price:  quite overprice 3 stars for wine: quite good If you can commute to SF, there are much better Italian Restaurants in Italian Town with same price or even cheaper with of course, very good service!
I had my birthday dinner at La Strada and the night went very smoothly. When I called to make my reservation with the restaurant the events planner called me to ensure that I wasn't reserving the private room.  I wasn't, but it was still nice that she was confirming. Secondly, she took initiative and asked me if I wanted any apps or drinks ready on the table for our arrival.  When I told her I only had one request for some of the prosecco available upon arrival, I wasn't sure whether that would get communicated to the staff (from previous experience with small requests to restaurants). There was a bottle sitting in a chiller next to the table when we arrived and it looked sophisticated.  We were seated in a great area with plenty of room and just the right amount of place settings.  I would HIGHLY recommend this place for group parties. Even though I just went here for my birthday in June, I MIGHT go back for my graduation in August.  It's THAT good!
This place is really a NO star. First, they crowd together tiny tables in a room that is beyond noisy. OK, so we're eating Italian food and pretending we're in Italy. I can play along, only to have bus boy ass bang into me about ten times. The screaming tourists at the table next to us did not help. They convince my dad (who knows his stuff) to order an even more expensive bottle of wine than what he wanted - and it was maybe mediocre. The waiter had a trainee following him, which only made things more crowded. After asking us if we were ready to order (we were), the lame waiter still proceeded to tell us what his favorite dishes were (easy to guess: the most expensive ones). The food was not remotely interesting or inspired. All four of us were disappointed with food and service. Wait staff reach across you awkwardly to get plates, don't clear the table of dishes for over ten minutes and try to pour wine into a glass when someone clearly gestured "no more". Where is the ground pepper for the salads or the freshly grated cheese for the pasta? Over-priced, below average food with substandard service. Save your money and go elsewhere.
La Strada!!!!! Finally an itaian restaraunt that has mastered making the pizza taste exactly like it does in Italy!! When I am in Italy i practically live on the pizza because it is so light and delicious...the ingredients at La strada are so fresh and everything is good...Please try the pizza!!!
I went there for a date night the other night. Not at all impressed. We ended up sending the fish entree back because it was so bland and watery. The replacement ravioli dish was only marginally better.  The waitress gets props for not missing a beat when we sent the food back, but I certainly won't be going back any time soon given all the other great little Italian places in PA.
The pizza we ordered tasted good, but it was disintegrated and all fallen apart. The steak wasn't cooked the way I wanted, I asked for well done and I got medium rare!!
We had an anniversary and a Birthday to celebrate and Yelped for a restaurant! Based on the reviews we visited La Strada a couple of weeks back and then held our dinner party there y'day night. Chris and the rest of the folks at La Strada made it so very special! They worked with us on deciding on the menu and seating and we had a wonderfully relaxed party ... Food and Service was great - and all of us (about 20 including kids) had a good time. Our guests kept praising us for restaurant selection :)) Can't thank folks at La Strada enough :)
I'd give this place a 3.5 for the risottos:-) I had the risotto with quail.  Not bad.  The service was a bit slow but then it was pretty busy the night we went.  Nice location and they have outdoor seating.  Their  desserts were okay too.  I guess while the food was good, it's not that memorable except the risotto:-) But it's worth a try.
Very good food, pasta was delicious as well as the cold cuts. I wish they had a larger selection of Italian wines though.
I went here for lunch with some Italian coworkers, and the meal was great.  It helped when my buddies could communicate in Italian with the chef.  It would be good for business meals or romantic dates, although it is pricey for the un-sophisticated(yet well made and wholesome) dishes.  I did notice the small portions, but you do want to leave some room for the fabulous deserts.
really good looking place from outside but i can t say same thing about food and service our food served while we were eating our salad eventhough it was not busy for friday i guess our server wanted to send us home so he can get another table to make more.anyway there are many places are not fancy but excellent food in palo alto.
My wife and I have been very impressed by the quality of the food, the speed of the service and the nice ambiance. We strongly recommend the place for an authentic Italian meal. Our compliments to the chef and the staff.
I will never go to this restaurant again. My friend and I split the porchini mushroom bruchetta and I had the Marguerita pizza. Both were tasteless and the bruchetta was really soggy. Worst of all, I felt horrible after eating and ended up throwing it all up. I don't know if it was food poisoning or what but it was a bad experience. The service was good but the food was not!
I give a 4 for their pizza and their chocolate souffle with vanilla gelato. The other dishes I would give a 3. Love their brick oven pizza! Great dough, sauce and fresh ingredients. Helpful staff and the restaurant it's self is very nice. I really like their outdoor seating as well.
My husband and I have been to this restaurant 3 times.  The first time the waiter made a mistake with my husband's entree and brought him a meat version of a vegetarian entree, he is a vegetarian so we had to wait for his second entree to be cooked and delivered.  The waiter was a little snippy when he delivered the second entree (I believe because the had been chastised for the error) and made the remark as he set the dish in front of my husband that at least the dish was "filling."  HUH?  We received no discount on our bill only a half-hearted apology from the waiter although the wait staff seemed sincerely apologetic.  The waiter pretty much ignored us the remainder of our stay, even letting the wait staff bring our bill.  We had planned on dessert but since we were so thoroughly ignored we decided to leave. In spite of the first experience we tried the restaurant again and had a fabulous dinner and experience although I will say if you want really attentive service I don't think this is the place to go, they seem to move at their own pace - a little above slow. However, two nights ago we went back again and once again my husband's order was wrong.  At least he didn't get a meat dish but he did get a completely different dish than what he ordered.  He ordered the squash ravioli and received a buckwheat pasta dish instead.  The service had been extremely slow and by the time our entrees arrived neither of us were in the mood to wait for the correct order to be cooked, plated and delivered so he accepted the dish and, truthfully, he did enjoy it.  It was the attitude of the staff that was most surprising, our waitress actually questioned he had ordered the ravioli although we both knew he had.  We had discussed the vegetarian selections and she admitted she must have had the buckwheat item stuck in her head although it had not been mentioned.  Once again we received an offhanded apology, absolutely no adjustment on the bill, and on this occasion the service was snail pace slow.  I will not be inclined to return any time soon!
Food was okay, but nothing special. The service was pretty bad, our server was totally MIA and was driving everyone crazy with his lack of attention. No bread, drinks took 15 mins to arrive -- he kept forgetting my husband's beer. Meanwhile the manager spent the whole evening yacking with the hostess and didn't pay any attention to what was going on in his restaurant. We tried to catch his eye numerous times but to no avail. When we first arrived, the restaurant was pretty empty -- we wanted to sit outside but there were only small tables left (like 5 of them). There were 3 right next to eachother, so we asked them if they would push 2 of them together to accomodate the 3 of us, they said " No". Are you kidding me? We should have known right there it was time to go, but I had wanted to eat here for a while so we stayed. The only thing memorable was the procuitto pizza. That procuitto was really good. If you are looking for the best italian food around, we just trekked down to Willow Glen to eat at Vin Santo -- that place was amazing.
Ate here for lunch for the first time on Friday.  We walked by and the patio seemed inviting, so we decided to give it a try.  The lunch menu was very small, so we started with a calamari starter and my husband had the tuna sandwich and I ordered the salmon ravioli.  The calamari came out and it had no flavor at all.  Accompanied with the dish was tempura style asparagus, which had no taste and was only the stems.  This should have sent a red flag, plus the dull burnt bread.  We received our main dishes and I knew right away this was going to be bad.  I asked the waiter what kind of sauce my ravioli had, since on the description it said an asparagus creamy sauce, yes, asparagus again, the only vegetable offered, they are very unaccommodating to substitutions, and he said yes, a creamy white-wine sauce.  Well, when it arrived it was more like tomato paste with milk.  My husband sandwich looked awful.  The panini bread was black, and the tuna didn't smell right.  It came with a salad, which was just greens with lemon juice.  I will never come back and would not recommend.  There are lots of restaurants in downtown, and we were disappointed that we gave this one a try.
