Well, after many months of watching this place rock with people waiting to get in, I thought it was about time to see what the real story was. I invited a friend of mine to join me for lunch. Since it was a cold, sort of blustery day, we wanted to eat inside. Fortunately we were able to get one of the last tables. I never thought they could make a restaurant out of what used to be a dry cleaners, but hey, they pulled it off. Even though the kitchen probably takes up at least half of the inside space they've managed to comfortably fit a few tables in around the perimeter. I must say it is quite loud when the restaurant is full so I found myself almost yelling to be heard by my friend as we conversed. Let's just call it a lively atmosphere - not a bad thing, just not a place for whispering sweet nothings in your lover's ear. Now for the important part. We both started with a cup of the cucumber/dill gazpacho. Wow, so cool and  creamy.  I took my time experiencing all the flavors of the cold soup with just the right amount of dill. So good, I thought "this soup could be used as a sauce over grilled salmon or asparagus". Once again, a real flavor burst with a cool creamy base.The fresh baguette - crispy outside/ soft inside - which was served with real butter, a nice change from the olive oil/balsamic vinegar mixture, was a nice compliment to the soup. Next we chose our entree's - my friend picked the chicken salad, It looked nice although I didn't taste it. Fresh lettuce, carrot and maybe cabbage with large chunks of chicken. It looked like a lot of food to me especially for lunch. I went with the pasta special - just the description got my taste buds going. Linguine pasta with fresh crab, jalapenos and green onion - all topped with freshly grated cheese. Just the right amount of food and boy was it ever tasty. The noodles were the perfect vehicle for all the flavors that melded together with the crab standing out as the star. So nice to get get an occasional bit of the jalapeno just to remind you that there was a touch of heat present. Overall it really worked and I was completely satisfied with the dish. Had the cherry cake with creme fraiche for dessert - holy smokes. A perfect ending to a great meal. We also got some ice cream sandwiches - seemed freshly made to me but I'm not sure. Either way a delicious lunch and great service -- thanks Hector and crew. I'll definitely be back, perhaps next time for dinner, as I think the menu changes from lunch to dinner. Excited to see what other delights they have to offer.
Today was the day to try their lunch menu. It states allow 40 minutes for full service lunch menu! okay! We got seated right away , got our drinks and took a look at the menu. We did beat the rush since a large party of 8 came after us and a few couples soon after. Took our orders and we waited with our bread. Chilled Cucumber soup with yogurt and dill- pretty straight forward soup, blended cucumber with yogurt, well seasoned, and nice for a sunny day. 1/2 doz Hama Hama oysters- served over rock salt instead of ice. The oysters themselves were good, not grainy, good texture and no taste of the sea. Downside, the oysters were served room temperature, almost more to the warm side which took the delightful taste of fresh cold oysters away, bummer. Warm oysters are a no-no. Those dishes came out pretty quickly, but ended up waiting for a good 30 minutes before our next meal. Everyone else around us was getting served, even the party of 8 all got their entrees. Greek Salad with Lamb Meatballs- black olives, feta, romaine salad, eggplant chips, yogurt and cucumber and lemon shallot vinaigrette- it was a salad with three lamb meatballs on the side. The eggplant chips weren't crispy as I hoped, really served no purpose since they were mild in taste. The feta and black olives gave it the greek tangy taste that went well with the meatball. The meatball itself lacked some texture, it was very mushy which just wasn't appetizing in my mouth. Disappointed overall. Niman Hamburger with fries and aioli- I only took a bite out of it, but the dish overall looked very appetizing, the buns looked nice and toasty and the fries were cooked perfectly. It was just a regular burger overall, nothing special, but just done nicely, meat was cooked the way it should be. Overall, service was okay, we didn't have a designated server, we got seated, ordered and our food all by different people. They all seem really out of place and scattered at times, they were nice, but just not tentative.  Our meal took a lot longer than it should, even if we ordered starters, our entree shouldn't take that long after to come out. I think they just forgot and gave our food to the larger party and served us after. We were there well over an hour during lunch hours. Lunch should never be that long. Food, was good, but overall nothing special that we tried today.
I had the beet / seared tuna salad and my husband had a steak + fries. it was pretty good (nothing greatly amazing, but tasty and enjoyable). Portions are normal which we always appreciate. However, I think it is kind of overpriced for what it is. (with our 2 dishes + 1 espresso, + TT: bill was around $45) - kind of expensive for lunch.
Had dinner here with a friend and shared a glass of Bourgogne and the carbonara.  Great red wine, fairly nice pasta, but without the really rich, decadent flavor I had gotten used to in my two weeks iItaly last year.  The pancetta was nice and crispy and the peas fresh and pretty. The ambiance outside is nice.  Inside, I think I might feel a tiny bit cramped.  Prices are a bit high.  Service is great.  Located on a lovely side street, sitting outside on a nice day is wonderful and relaxing.  With an interesting, good looking companion who makes good conversation, what more could you ask for? The menu is very limited, heavy on the seafood, which is great unless you're dining with someone who isn't a fan of the deep sea kind...the scallops looked like a nice preparation so I'll have those next time.  They had three seafood entrees, a Niman ranch steak and a duck leg confit dish other than the carbonara.  The dessert menu was uninspired and I'd like to see them get creative.  Ice creams, creme caramel, strawberry-vanilla mousse cake and something else I cannot recall. I'll return and try a few more items.
Given its Bistro Elan history, and the clean airy decor, thought I'd finally try this place for lunch with a friend on a sunny NoCal spring day. We went early, because the restaurant is tiny and we had heard about lines.  Service was nice, attentive, we were seated immediately in a cute corner table. I ordered the special that day: Swedish Meatballs. There were three of them, and they were small, and therefore overpriced at around $12-13. Besides that, not so memorable. (I remember thinking that the ones at IKEA were much better, sadly!) Might give it another chance, but there are so many other great lunch spots that offer flavor and quality ingredients for better value.
Whenever I'm in Palo Alto I try to have at least one meal at Birch Street. I love their food. Last night I had scallops on a corn waffle with a tomato garnish. Truly delicious and just the right amount. The service was smooth and fast.  My  companion had a flat iron steak dinner and she said it was excellent.
Love this place! Enjoyed a birthday lunch with a friend today at this lovely little spot. Fresh and delicious food and fabulous service! The cold gazpacho soup was divine and also loved the butter lettuce and shrimp salad with peas and a yummy dill dressing. Passed on desert but enjoyed a cup of french press coffee! Now, if I could just get them to open a restaurant in Los Altos.....:)
good flavor.  solid
I have always been a fan of Bistro Elan, so when they moved to this hip new place, I had to take my wife here for an early Valentine's Day dinner date.  I had been telling her about their seared foie gras for the past 5 years, so we are now on a mission to eat as much foie (sorry to animal rights activists but it really is yummy) as possible before it is banned.  I like the new decor here (it's trendy and cozy) and the same satisfying menu.  For French food, I like it flavorful and stick to the basics.  We had the: 1) Crab salad with avocado - Very tasty and fresh 2) Seared Foie (MUST HAVE.  NICE GENEROUS PORTIONS) 3) Spaghetti Carbonarra - Decent but a bit heavy on the cream 4) Duck Confit - Very well prepared 5) Apple Turnover - Good. Anyway, great date place.  If you want some good french food in palo alto, check this place out.
I was sad to see that Bistro Elan closed, so came to give Birch Street a try yesterday. It was tasty, though offers a different league of experience vs Bistro Elan. I had the soup, salad and sandwich (SSS), which was a good combination for the price. The Broccoli Soup of the day was fantastic, and the Salad was solid. The Turkey Club(ish) Sandwich had good favor -- only weird thing was that the turkey skin was left on -- I found that strange and ended up making a mess by pulling my sandwich apart. The space is cute, but of "functional" rather than "warm" design and extremely small with Max occupancy of 19. A very nice place for lunch, just not the romantic dinner spot the bistro was.
This is by far my favorite not-sure-what-I'm-in-the-mood-for restaurant in Palo Alto.  The food is consistently excellent, somehow I can always get a table (shocking because this place is tiny!) and Ed makes the entire experience wonderful.  The duck confit is rich and served over a great risotto, but portioned well so that you don't feel sick (or hate yourself) after you finish the entire thing :)  The best dessert I've had in a long time was the chocolate waffle, I hope it makes another appearance on the menu soon... ps - if you, like me, are going on a foie gras tear before the July ban kicks in, definitely put this on your list and go soon, there is still time for multiple trips!
Not sure why this place has such a low rating.  I went here for lunch today and had a very pleasant experience.  We had a 10 minute wait, which was not bad during the weekday lunch rush.  My friend and I decided to share a few items instead of ordering our own, so we ordered the following: - Buratta, tomato and onion salad - Pan seared albacore tuna with avocado, roasted beets, cherry tomatoes and paprika dressing - Fries + aoili We liked everything we ordered.  The tomatoes in the buratta salad were fresh and delicious.  The tuna entree was AMAZING.  The tuna sat on a bed of beets intermixed with tomatoes and avocados, all of which were covered with the paprika dressing.  I could have eaten the beet salad alone - it was SO flavorful and fresh.  I would absolutely order this entree again and highly recommend it. I like the atmosphere in the restaurant as well. The stainless steel and white walls make it very open.  It is on the pricier end, but perfect for a special occasion or interview lunch.
I just picked up an arugula and artichoke salad for lunch here; pretty tasty - dressed with just olive oil and lemon juice. The woman who took my phone order was pretty patient with me even after I cancelled a main course of dungeness crab and pasta because I didn't want the hot food to go in a plastic container. I think the place must have yummy food because it was packed in there for lunch. I would suggest making reservations because it's a tiny place. I'll definitely go back again.
Very interesting place little place. The layout of this establishment is very modern, and clean. Very similar to cafe style seating, table sizes are small and it seems to cater to the lunch crowd. And the crowd builds quickly which the reason my co-worker and I decided to try this place. We thought, "hey this place looks popular, lets eat here." I had the Sauteed Marinated Beef Tenderloin with gem lettuce, asparagus & radish salad. I thought it was cooked well, but the beef was overly salty. The cilantro & lemon vinaigrette was a bit odd on the salad, tasted a bit bland and oily and there were a bunch of asparagus pieces that were tough, which tells me the person preparing the asparagus didn't know to remove the tougher portion of the shoot before cutting it. My co-worker had the Cubano Sandwich and it appeared to be a panini, but it looked like an amateur's first attempt at making a panini. The bread was squished too flat. It sounded like a cracker when bitting into it. The taste okay, but not prepared well. Overall, this place looks the part, but the quality is far from there. You definitely don't get what you pay for. I have not been to Bistro Elan, the parent restaurant, but this experience gives me deep reservations about entertaining the idea of trying them. I don't know if I want to go to a place which would lower their quality like this.
4-star food in a 2-star dump, unless you sit outside. It's same food & owners as famous Bistro Elan. The move to a new place was a disaster: it's a former laundry, and you feel as in a laundry. Great place destroyed. But outside is still fine.
As a fan of Bistro Elan, I knew I have to try out this restaurant one day. I had a pan seared Foie Gras for appetizers ($24) and spaghetti carbonara for entrees. Spaghetti carbonara was not that great in my opinion. It was dry and a bit too salty for me. When it's served, it was unacceptably cold and I had to ask them to get new a new one that is warm. I asked my friend to taste it and he agreed that it was way too cold to eat. Foie Gras was pan-seared nicely. Although I enjoyed the taste of it, consuming a big piece of foie gras is too much for me. I'll give Birch Street another try again.
Nice little french-american bistro just off california ave. nice place. :) we went for a walk to dinner last night and came across this cozy restaurant. Amuse buche was smoked salmon w dill mustard on a potato chip...  YUUUM!!! Sauteed wild king salmon with chanterelles and fingerling potatoes. the fish was nicely cooked, and tasty vegetables. Cast iron flat iron steak with tomato and garlic and basil and french fries. really tasty. i would have enjoyed it more if he ordered medium rare instead of medium though. This place was nice. the portions are a bit small, but it was ok, cuz shared some fro-yo at the organic place around the corner afterwards. perfect place for a date.
Bistro Elan may no longer be serving lunch but their new bistro around the corner is. Only a few months old, they're serving up an eclectic mix of new American and European influenced fare. There's some outside seating for these new spring days plus a compact dining area in the restaurant proper. After perusing the menu we opted for: -Swedish Yellow Pea Soup with Ham and Dijon -Minute Steak with Bistro Fries and Foie Gras Butter -Spaghetti alla Amatriciana with Tomato, Guanciale, Parmesan and Pecorino Entrees come with an Acme Levain roll. Food was excellent as was the service. I think our iced teas (and carafes) were refilled man times and all of the staff were smiles and timeliness. They're committed to using the local farmers market for ingredients and Im sure the menu will rotate with availability of those items. If I hadn't had to go back for work I'd have lounged outside and gotten dessert. Excellent opening and you can be sure I'll be back to try some of the other selections.
This is such a cute restaurant! I have never seen this place and I've lived in Palo Alto my entire life. The inside is super cute and cozy. I would definitely not bring more than 4 people here though or you're going to have a long wait. The place is pretty crammed inside. If it is a nice day though they have tables outside which are really nice and they are located on a street that doesn't get too much traffic so you should be able to enjoy your meal peacefully. This place gets 5 stars in every category: ambiance, taste, and service! I already told you about the ambiance so let's jump right into the grub! My family and I always share a taste of our plate so I got to sample all the things our table ordered. Here was what was on the menu for the night and how I rate them: iron flat steak with fries and beets - the steak was cooked perfectly, exactly what I asked for. I don't usually like beets but they went surprisingly well with the meat and I felt healthy eating them :]. As usual everyone at the table stole a bunch of my fries. But they were nice and thin, crispy, but still had some yummy potato meat on the inside. You got a dipping sauce I believe was some sort of aioli. Whatever it was it was yummy and good with my fries. scallops with proscutto bacon  - from the title alone you can't go wrong. Scallops and bacon = tasty. duck confit with risotto - I've never been a big fan of duck confit. I love duck I just don't like it fried. However, this was pretty darn tasty and very flavorful. The plate looks a little sad since it is a very monotone color but eat it and i'm sure you'll be happy pan seared foie gras - oh my god. You could order one of these as your meal. They give you such a big piece and it is so good. They make it absolutely perfectly! Now on to the service. This place was so nice in accomadating us. We came here for my brother in laws 30th birthday. We had to wait about 30 minutes even though we had a reservation because a couple people were taking longer with their meal. Because we had to wait outside in the cold they offered us free drinks (alcholic drinks included). Unfortunately due to his stupid co-workers and his job he had to go into the office while we were waiting outside for our table. Therefore when we got inside we asked them if they could package his dish to go. As you can see from their menu they don't usually do substitutions or to go orders however they said that for us they'll make an exception. They even waiting until a little ways into our dinner to cook his meal so it'll be hot. And they did this even though we were about the last table to be seated. Near the end of our meal we found out that my brother in law was able to make it back so we gave our waiter a cute little smile and asked if they could plate his meal and they weren't horribly happy about it but they did do it :] They were still sorry for having us wait outside for our table for so long that they also gave us a free dessert which was really yummy. I know we definitely won't be getting all these exceptions next time but it was nice to salvage what was left of his birthday dinner and made the night a little bit of a success. I would highly recommend this place to anyone who asked and I would definitely come back, maybe even this week!
Birch Street is run/owned by the same folks who ran/owned Bistro Elan.  The lease is much less expensive, but the space is considerably smaller.  From what I hear the owner decided that he could serve the same quality food, cut down on staff considerably, and have a much higher profit margin.  He's kept the same chef and the best of his staff. Put another way, moving three blocks into a nice space that was much smaller enabled this venerable Palo Alto restaurant to stay in business, albeit with a smaller space. The food here is basically the same as Bistro Elan, although it does seem as if the menu is a bit smaller.  In fact, that's probably a good theme for this review. This is Bistro Elan...light. I've been here twice -- once for lunch and once for dinner.  I was a big fan of Bistro Elan, and remain a big fan of the chef and of Birch Street.  They do a very good job with the food.  The service matches the food and the atmosphere is very good too. The only two complaints I have:  The place is now very cramped and small (a bit too small).  And the menu appears shorter and more limited than at Bistro Elan.  I'm hoping that they constantly update it with a variety of new dishes and look forward to eating my way through them. P.S.  I'm not completely sure why they changed the name from Bistro Elan.
Good ambiance and good, quality food, but expect to pay a lot for it, even in Palo Alto. A $55 lunch for two is common, if not a bit less than what you should expect to pay for lunch here (and we didn't get wine or beer!). I appreciate that they use produce from the Sunday Cal Ave farmer's market, but I suspect that's more marketing than actual implementation. How do they expect that one day's worth of fresh food to last through the week? Service not as great as the past reviews have stated, also. Big minus is the price tag.... even for a Whole Foods shopper and local/organics-minded foodie.
Bravo-excellent overall! We had the Gazpacho...to die for!  Spaghetti Carbonara...super delish / Cast iron Seared Flat Iron Steak...amazing / Pan Seared Sea Scallops...absolute heaven! Wait staff was incredibly friendly and provided great sevice.  The chef was busy saying "hello & thank you" to the guests. This is a first class restaurant with pure style!  Go and try!
This is a pretty good restaurant that is still working out the kinks.  I passed on eating here twice when I saw "Please allow 40 mins for lunch" on the menus.  I hate restaurants that have signs up that tell me we what to do.  But the food looked good, so I vowed to come back when I had the time.  And I did. We stood around waiting for 5-10 minutes not being seated even though there was nobody in line and two obviously ready-to-go tables set for two.  Finally the owner was like, "why is nobody seating you?"  We didn't have a good answer for that. I tried to order the hamburger, but they were out.  I'm not sure who could possibly predict that hamburgers would get ordered a lot on California Ave, but, okay, things happen.  So I ordered the flatiron steak and fries.  My companion ordered the Greek Salad with Meatballs. The bread they brought was excellent, but there was not enough butter for two people.  I asked for more butter, but never got it. The steak was cooked correctly medium rare, and the fries were excellent.  The steak itself wasn't the best flatiron I've had, but it can be a difficult cut.  It was a little on the tough side.  The sauce was good, a little on them lemon-y side, which is either good or bad depending on your taste.  The Greek Salad with Meatballs looked incredible, and my friend finished his plate.  Some of the other dishes I saw being delivered (such as the Tuna) also looked a lot better than my vegetable-free steak. As I ate my fries, I had a hard time flagging down a waiter to ask for ketchup.  When I got it, it was about 5ml of ketchup.  I was never able to flag someone down to get more ketchup. I liked that they had Orange and Lemon Pellegrino on the menu, as I am addicted to it. So, to sum up: don't go here if you're in a hurry or you'll piss them off.  The food is pretty good, avoid the flatiron, and the service isn't so great.  Hopefully this place will only get better, because California Ave needs this kind of place.
Went for lunch at about 12:30. Luckily didn't have to wait too long for a table. Small menu, but the food was good. It's a small place, but the menu is pretty fancy. Not a place I'd go everyday for lunch given the prices, but it's nice for a  treat or if you were taking clients to lunch or something.  There's outdoor seating as well, which is nice for a pretty day. I had the greek salad and it was really yummy. My lunch date had the burger and fries. We both agreed the fries weren't so great. The have a pretty large wine selection if you're into that. The yummiest part was the dessert! Although I am pretty biased toward any baked goods.
We had dinner here randomly one night when I came down to PA. We walked in without any reservations around 6:30pm and were seated right away. The place looked brand new (I heard it just moved from a different location) and the decor itself was intriguing. I almost want to say it is a cross between a SF restaurant and a barn, very woodsy feel yet with some modern aspects like lighting and table top. The food was phenomenal. We shared a heirloom tomato salad, seared scallops, and the steak. Everything was prepared perfectly, presented simple and tasted amazing. I was quite shocked really that PA had a place like this.
My favorite place for lunch by myself. Every single bite of the artichoke and arugula salad was defined and delicious.
I was devastated when I found out that Bistro Elan has closed its doors, but fortunately Birch Street has opened down the street with the same chef, owners, staff and virtually the same menu (impossible to say "the same menu" since Bistro Elan's menu did change periodically based on what was seasonal and available).   My mom and I visited tonight and loved it every bit as much as Bistro Elan, which is to say... a lot! We started with the dungeness crab salad ($14), which was also on the menu at Bistro Elan.   It was just as good as we remembered, with TONS of crab chunks, thin slices of avocado and just a sprinkling of sea salt.  Highly recommended!   For entrees we shared the pan seared MA sea scallops ($24) & the salmon ($25).  The chef here (and formerly at Bistro Elan) cooks scallops better than anyone else in the world.   They. Are. Perfect.   Seriously, I don't know how to describe them, other than saying perfect.   If you visit here and you order scallops, you absolutely cannot go wrong.  The scallops were served with corn pancakes, which were kind of weird - a little on the mushy side.   My mom's salmon was very nicely sauteed (with a bit of a crust on top) and came with asparagus and morel mushrooms in a lightly creamy sauce.   Overall, two thumbs up for both dishes.   We were too full for dessert and there was nothing that grabbed us anyway (an unfortunate lack of chocolate desserts - I hope they bring back the chocolate creme brulee that was a special once at Bistro Elan!) I like their new space a lot too.   They have several outdoor tables, which Bistro Elan didn't, and the inside is very chic & modern with black and white decor and an open kitchen that allows you to watch the chefs while they work.  Service was very good as well.   The prices are certainly not cheap, especially when you consider the fairly small portion sizes (its rare that I can eat half an appetizer, an entree and not be completely stuffed), but they're not unreasonable, considering the quality and the presentation of the food.   We will definitely come back! (Best ___: Best Restaurant in Palo Alto)
Simple, super fresh dishes. I love the beet and albacore salad, the pasta, the lamb salad, the soup... Everything I've had here has been just super fresh and pristine tasting. Airy despite being in a tiny space, bustling without being too loud. Lovely. The wines are also superb!
Lunch was packed. After you eat there you understand why. The food is out of this world. I ate the Swedish Tartine Fanfreakintastic......
3.5* Good solid food, slightly high price tag for what you get.  I made reservations for 2 of us so at least we had a table. The restaurant is very small, we were seated in the back by the restroom, but they had a curtain there so it was ok. The menu has a good variety- fish, meat, a pasta dish and some sides you can order like fries, mac n cheese, veg.  We shared the crab salad- fresh crab with avocado, apple and toasted pistachio. The salad was very good, light and fresh.  For entrees, I ordered the sea scallops- pan seared with some caper, tarragon sauce and served with spinach and endive and crispy prosciutto. Crispy prosciutto was tasty, very crispy/crunchy with the nice saltiness of the meat.  My husband had the petrale sole, sauteed with brussels sprouts in almondine sauce. The sauce was very buttery and rich.  We shared a side of fries. The fries were nice and crisp, needed a bit more salt but otherwise good. For dessert we shared the smores brownie with banana brulee.  It sounded more interesting than it was. It was a brownie with torched marshmallow and a piece of banana on the side that was torched/caramelized on top.  It was ok, but I'm a huge dessert fan and this didn't blow my mind.  I would've rather eaten my gourmet gelato at home. Overall, the food was good.  Decor/ambiance was nothing special, not really a "date night" type of place.  It's good for a more casual evening out for some good (but not amazing) food. Go again? Yes, I think we would go back again.
Today, we had lunch there for the first time and MY last time I will ever eat there, We had a party of 4. 3 of us showed up first and the lady in the place told us rudely that we could not be seated until the 4th person showed up. There was no one in line waiting to be seated. Our 4th person showed up, we were then seated. The menu did not have anything that appealing to me. So I ordered a hot dog which costed $7.50 - came with sweet pickles and chips. The hot dog tasted good, cause it was an All Beef - Grass Fed Bolinas Hot Dog. However the bun was hard..... my Friend ordered Tuna....and it was dry and hard./ overcooked ..... my other Friend ordered a hot dog too. her bun was also hard. After lunch we were offered dessert and we said NO...they gave us the bill and we were chatting at the table,,, because we were done and no longer eating,.. the waiter proceeded to ask us if wanted anything else at the table.... We already had said NO, we already paid the bill....yet they wanted us out since we were just siting and chatting. Bottom line, I have never in my life ordered a hot dog at any restaurant.. -but with little choices of anything good on the menu,.. I thought that might be the best choice, I will never eat there again.
A perfect neighborhood restaurant serving elegant takes on simple dishes is welcome by me anytime!  I had an amazing 24 hours with my great friend in Palo Alto where we were both pleasantly surprised from this tiny sidewalk stunner.  I loved everything from the small, simple space to the views into the uber-tiny kitchen and not to mention the food.  The wine list included a half bottle of Bandol Rose which we wish we ordered a full bottle of along with many other French-focused choices.  The menu is small, just like the kitchen, about 5 starters and salads and 4 mains with select sides.  There is no way that tiny little kitchen could put much more.  For those of you that have seen Canteen in San Francisco, the kitchen must be close to that same size.  OK, food.. crab, avocado, pistachio, apple salad was amazing and a decently sized portion along with the purple tomato gazpacho was fresh and flavorful.  While I usually only eat half of my entrees, my seared scallops on corn cakes was too delicious to leave and Steph's salmon looked pretty cleaned up on her plate. Upon leaving the restaurant, I gave the chef a little wave and silently wished him the best.
feels like eating SF quality food in palo alto.  produce from the local farmer's market and good quality sourced ingredients. already busy at lunch.  some items on the menu carried over from bistro elan. sampled:  everything looked scrumptious *greek salad with lamb meatballs, romaine, black olives, feta, eggplant chips, yogurt and cucumber, lemon/shallot vinaigrette.  executed perfectly.  the vinaigrette coated it all so well *pan seared albacore tuna, avocado, roasted beet, satsuma mandarin and green bean salad, spicy paprika dressing.  beets with mandarins worked well, could increase the spicy *swedish tartine sandwich, open faced with buttered bread, smoked salmon, shrimp, mayo, dill, radish, with house waffle chips.  ok, but maybe should have gone for the extra instead the orecchiette pasta. this place will be popular like bistro elan
Came here for lunch with a friend. When we sit down, the waiter tells us we can only have sandwiches, salads, or soup for lunch. That leaves about 6 items on the menu to choose from. I ask for the SSS (BLT) and he tells me they are out of it. Huh? You barely have anything to choose from and you're out of it? Then he got annoyed that I didn't want to order anything. Sheesh. We left and went to Pro Bono (which was amazing). I'll try to come here again at dinner and see if there is a difference.
I have walked by this place for weeks now and have been dying to try this restaurant. Upon seeing a voracious line of hungry patrons waiting to eat at this establishment I thought to myself, if there are this many people waiting to eat here it has to be good right? Well the reality of the situation is that the place is tiny! It holds 40 people max. I carefully perused the menu and decided to choose the Chicken salad with fulton valley chicken diced and breaded atop romaine lettuce and served with and asian sesame dressing. My God was that salad huge! It could of easily fed 2 people! The flavors were great, but nothing that was memorable enough for me to wait in that god aweful line during the lunch rush.
Definitely going back. When will it be open for dinner? Fantastic food - Cuban Sandwich was tangy and satisfying with perfectly pressed bread. Hot Dog was the best I've had in a very long time (was with my Dad, who ordered two after sharing half of his first with me, ha). Much of the food is locally sourced, with produce right from the California Ave farmers market. Great service - Waiter was very accommodating. As we were waiting for a table outside, he took our order so as to be ready when we sat down. Atmosphere - Very small inside, but it's not cramped. Lack of space gives it a nicer bistro feel than an industrial restaurant - more personal, although we did wait for a table.
Dined here with party of 4 for dinner on Friday night.  Very busy and crowded, consequently noise level was quite high.  Was surprised at some of the items on the menu, for instance, Foie Gras.  Only the night prior to our visit was there segment on the about how the duck farms that make foie gras force feed the ducks to enlarge the liver 10 times.  A law will ban making or selling this in July.  I was surprised to see it in a Palo Alto restaurant.  Also, Albacore Tuna.  I would have liked to know where this was from.  If it was Canadian, it was fine, but if it was imported from elsewhere it is on the "limit due to high mercury levels."  The green salad was nothing spectacular - sort of like packaged mixed greens with a few sliced radishes and some balsamic.  The main dishes were terrific.  I had scallops and my husband had duck.  Both were superb.  Chocolate cake looked great, apple crisp was apple crisp.  Coffee was not drinkable.
This is basically Bistro Elan in a different form. So as expected, the food is great (despite the small menu) and the service was good, no complaints. And they have Mexican Coke with real sugar!
This is my new favorite lunch spot in PA.  It is a great place to bring clients as well as colleagues. All of the salads I have had there are divine.  The one with eggplant chips and lamb meatballs is my favorite.  Last time I was there I had an open faced sandwich with egg, shrimp and smoked salmon.  It looked beautiful but I was worried that it was going to be too "busy".  Instead, the flavors all melded together beautifully.  It is pricy, but I think well worth it.  My only criticism is that it is very small and it can get loud. I have now been there about 12 times in the last 2 months and have never been disappointing.
I discovered this new Bistro Elan offshoot when we found out the original restaurant was no longer open for lunch.  What a pleasant surprise!  Wonderful, quality ingredients and careful preparation and presentation.  Look forward to our next visit!
First. let me volunteer that I am not a regular Yelp reviewer; I am prompted to write this review because of the marked change between all aspects of the experience (including food quality) at the prior incarnation of Bistro Elan on California Avenue and that in its current location.  My wife and I had been to the Cal Ave location a couple of times and liked it quite well--the food and service were very good, if pricey, and we regarded it as the best restaurant in the Cal Ave area.  Cal Ave has matured recently (especially with the addition of Baume). While I dont pretend to know the reasons behind the move of Elan from Cal Ave to Birch St,  the end result (from the diners POV)  is disappointing.  First of all, the place is miniscule (I suppose management would use the word "cozy").  There are only 10 or so tables inside and they are arranged so tightly that the waitstaff have to engage in gymnastics to avoid bumping your table (or you!) during their rounds. While this might be acceptable in a less pricey establishment, it is not acceptable here where the tab for a simple dinner for two with one glass of wine and without dessert exceeded $100 pre-tip.  The food was lackluster and uninspired.  The green salad was not dressed; rather it seemed to me that balsamic vinegar was simply poured over the top of the leaves--I hardly noticed any olive oil--and the result was a disaster.  The main course, steak, was also ordinary--in fact, the steak was cold and it felt like the meat had been precooked and reheated to order.  In an admittedly small restaurant, one can rightfully expect to receive more attention to food quality and preparation.  The Anatolian Kitchen, next door, has better and more interesting food and the prices are much more reasonable
Super cute place and welcome addition to the California Ave area. I had the lamb meatball Greek salad and it was delicious.
I've been a long time patron of the owner's former restaurant - Bistro Elan.  Birch Street is a smaller version of its predecessor with a condensed menu, less frills but still the healthy, organic food from the Sunday Farmer's market prepared over a continuously changing menu.  Sadly, no reservations for lunch and the space is cramped, but one of the better restaurants on California Avenue.
Went for lunch at Birch Street today.  The cafe has about 12 tables, and another 4 or so on the sidewalk.  (There are two propane heaters for fresh spring days.)  I ordered the Greek Salad with Lamb Meatballs, which mixed textures, including little chips of eggplant and clumps of feta.  Service was attentive, and the restaurant fills fast.  Recommended.
Good food, good service. The big drawback is the very rude and obnoxious hostess.
My first review and unfortunately it is for poor service, overpriced food and a rude manager.  I won't be going back and I won't be recommending this place.  I really like its sister Bistro Elan and have eaten there several times and even recommended it to colleagues and friends.  Unfortunately, Birch Street is NO Bistro Elan.  The food was just okay--nothing impressive, but maybe it would have "tasted" better if the manager hadn't been so rude to us. If you plan on eating here...note that they do not take reservations (no big deal) and they won't seat you even if there are empty tables and no body waiting...until your whole party is physicially in the cafe....even if they are just parking the car.  I know there are a lot of restaurants who share this policy but they usually do it because they are busy and I totally understand that.  But to potentially turn 4 people away when there is no one waiting to be seated?  It would have been OKAY if the manager was nice about it but she wasn't.  She walked over to the wall...pointed at a piece of paper on the wall...and said our policy is not to seat the party until eveyone is here.  In the end, none of us had a good experience.  Too bad too since it was my boss' birthday...he was the one parking the car.
Really nice relaxed place with good food.  Things are a little slow, but in this day and age its a good thing.
while the food was delicious , the attitude was Not ! It all started with A bad response from the owner when we mentioned we were cold , then led to  the waiter , who kept asking us "is that all you want?", when we decided to order appetizers & sides ( which we happen to enjoy more ) and on top of that my husband Never got his fries and had to flag the waiter down ( who clearly had given up on us) to re order them ! The there was the  manager telling us that " only COSTCO takes American Express". When we went to pay our bill . Who needs that kind of attitude when you are spending almost 175.00? They seemed ticked that we wanted a light dinner... What do they care , the place was empty when we came in early..... we each ended up spending about the same as if ordering an entree' ... Too bad for the bad attitude because the food was really special !
I had my anniversary dinner here this week.  Food is unbelievably good,  organic, fresh, terrific sauces and combinations.  Perfect presentation.  Not much in the way of ambience, small inside seating area, crowded, and sidewalk seating does not allow for much privacy.  But the food is fanstastic.
Having had superb dining experiences at Bistro Elan, I was dying to check out this sister restaurant - and I was delighted! The menu is wonderfully creative, here and there sophisticated and simply delightful. And the food does not get any fresher. Every time I make it to the Sunday California Street Farmer's market I see the owners selecting and sourcing. They even get private deliveries by the farmers during the week - it doesn't get much fresher than this. High quality - primarily organic - food. Great  ambiance. Very tasty. Lovely dining experience. My Marin co-diner was equally impressed. Get there before noon cause the line does build. We're simply lucky we finally got another true 'lunch gem' in Palo Alto.
Birch Street's menu is simple and the food is excellent. I have visited four times and have consistently had attentive and friendly service. Each time I've had different dishes and have been very pleased with all. My visits have included business and social lunches. We have eaten inside and out, both are comfortable and get the same level of service attention. I'll continue going. Birch St is a winner.
Such a great new addition to a fun place to get food. Very delicious, friendly staff, lovely atmosphere for a cafe. This will be a regular place for me.
After my beloved Bistro Elan closed for lunch, the next best hangout for lunchtime is Birch Street Cafe.  I haunted Bistro Elan weekly for lunch and dinner, enjoyed the outdoor patio during summer, great wine selection, fresh produce and mingled with the friendly staff.  With B.E. only open for dinner, Birch Street has less charm, attention to detail in food preparation and less of an "occasion" to dine.  Despite its casual atmosphere, the limited menu is still tasty, though less extensive with regards creativity.  Instead of a lamb, pork loin or fish dish, you have spaghetti, a tuna/beet salad and cookies vs. a nice sorbet or souffle for desert.  They still have the good coffee and the cookies are addicting.  It's cramped and you can't reserve a table, getting there at 11:30 AM ensures a seat in the minimal seating area.
I had lunch with a friend there today.  The Greek salad with lamb meatballs sounded good, but the only thing you could taste in the meatballs was the bread.  The "eggplant chips" in the salad tasted only of the oil they were cooked in.   The steak was "okay" but the fries were definitely not good.  Please go to Left Bank in Menlo Park to learn how to cook frites.  The wine list was really disappointing -- a choice of 3 reds and each overpriced.  We were going to order more wine,but it took 10 minutes to get the wine list and another 10 minutes before our server showed up so we gave up and left.  The manager (owner?) never bothered to ask if we wanted more wine or anything as she was clearly too busy laughing and talking to the regulars.  There was another 10 minute after we requested the check.  The menu says to allow 40 minutes for lunch, and now we know why.  I used to love Bistro Elan and this place is a train wreck.  I'll certainly never return.
