Came here for a two year old birthday party and they had the time of their lives! Oregano offers pizza parties for kids where they can make their own pizza! The room was nicely decorated by the restaurant with balloons and cute table cloths. They had coloring books as guests arrived to keep the kids entertained. The restaurant also provided cute little aprons for the kids.. Chef of the day! When all the kids arrived and were sitting nicely and quietly :) ... the waitress brought out plates of flatten dough and a small plastic cup of tomato sauce, a cup of shredded cheese and a cup with pepperoni. The kids oooo'd and ahhhh'd. They went crazy with the sauce!! They got them all over their face (some ate it right then and there, haha), they had it all over their aprons and on the tables. It was a mess but it looked like so much fun! They looked like they were having a blast. What topped it off was that they were able to put their pizza in the oven themselves (of course with the help of the owner and their parents). Super cool experience that would WOW any kid! There was a separate table for grown ups - a buffet of salad, pizza, and pasta. Absolutely delicious. What a cool experience :)
------lunch only------ I can't even make an accurate review since I didn't order the pizza (but my co-workers mostly enjoyed theirs but did say it wasn't anything fantastic). I just got the soup & salad combo since I was feeling a little sick that day. The soup was good, nothing spectacular, but the Caesar salad had way too much dressing and didn't really taste like Caesar salad at all? It was mostly vinegar dressing. Meh
I really like this place. The ambiance is very simple, upon walking in. It's a small, cozy restaurant with wooden chairs and tables. The brick oven is visible, and you can see the wood-fired pizzas being prepared as you sit at your table. Service has always been very friendly and pleasant, offering recommendations if you need them. The food is prepared quickly and efficiently. While waiting for your food, you're served bread and butter. Nothing to complain about here! As for the entrees, these are some creative pizzas, with interesting toppings and combinations that you don't usually see at other pizza places. The flavors really come together, and make for a great experience. The Spicy Thai is among my favorites. Instead of a conventional red sauce on the pizza, they replace it with a spicy peanut sauce! Then, they toss on garlic chicken, red peppers, crushed red peppers, and cilantro. All the flavors complement each other very well, and the flavors just come alive in your mouth. Another one of my favorites is the pear and gorgonzola. The sweetness of the pear really complements the sharpness of the gorgonzola which, overall, makes for a great combinations of flavor! Oregano's definitely has my recommendation for its creativity, although if you want a more conventional pie, there are better-tasting options out there.
Friendly staff, speedy service - and yes, the place is pretty big. We had pizza, they only serve individual size which is actually nice that way you don't feel bad about getting a wall of meat when you are with a veggie conscious date. I had the chicken pesto. I found the dough to be good but the ingredients to be not as tasty as I would like. The chicken was a bit dry, I wanted more olive oil - I wonder if they try to keep their pizza not too greasy. I would go back to see if they have other better balanced pizza.
Adding another star. We came here for dinner on Friday night. This time I had one of the specials, a bacon/gorgonzola pizza. yum! The people who work here are SO nice and gracious. I really hope we just keep coming at off-peak times because it's usually pretty empty when we come. This place deserves to have a lot of business.
The roasted garlic/bread appetizer was really good. I wish I could roast garlic this good...so soft,... Read more 
I honestly don't know how this place is still in business. Their food quality has gone down, & their prices have gone up. I ordered calamari once & it was very rubbery but I was able to get a refund on that. Then I ordered a burger once, & the fries where ones I could have made at home. This was because they ran out of their regular fries! The only thing I like about this place now is the waiter (there's only one). He's super nice & friendly.
Delicous! I love this place! It's my new favorite place to eat. They provide bread & butter to snack... Read more 
Wow! Great dough! The hot fresh bread delivered to the table along was fantastic. A nice firm crust with a soft/doughy center (not undercooked or doughy flavor). I had the meat calzone, she had the chicken parm. Very jealous of her meal. My calzone was splendid but her chicken parm was fantastic. Deep fried, tender, juicy chicken well seasoned with a flavorful red gravy. The waiter Carlos will complete the great experience.
My friends and I were in a carb overload mood and didn't want to venture anywhere too far from home or anywhere with difficult parking so when we saw Oregano's while driving around El Camino, which let's face it is the street that has everything, we pulled over and piled into a cozy, homey restaurant with a nice wood fired oven near the middle. None of us ever did ever order a pizza as we all wanted pasta. The pasta options here are really diverse with stuffed options like ravioli, veggie and meat options. I was pretty happy here with my pasta here that had veggies and goat cheese. Goat cheese makes everything taste better, and just generally makes the world a better place. When in need of another carb overload and not willing to go far for it, we'll undoubtedly be back here. Maybe we'll even try the pizza.
I love, love, LOVE their pizza. It's not too greasy and the crust is thin and wonderful, just like I like it!! I've tried their Hawaiian and the Vegetarian Fantasy. Both were super tasty. The owner is super nice and he remembers my company every time. I would highly recommend them to anyone looking for a really good thin crust pizza!
How does this place stay in business? The food and service are both atrocious. My vegetarian pizza ($12) was almost inedible because half of the crust was not even cooked, so it was this gloppy disgusting mess. Their ingredients are super low quality. Their "mixed green" salad consists of plain lettuce, not one actual mixed green to be found. I felt truly ripped off. They also don't have parmesan cheese or pepper flakes on any table. We were not served bread before our meal like other Yelpers. The women's bathroom has one stall out of order and no toilet paper in the other one. Our server never smiled and never refilled our waters or sodas until asked. If you feel like paying ridiculous prices for crap that you cannot eat, by all means go here!
I want to like this place. I really do. They try so hard. They have a great personality...it's just the food is bland. The service is also great! But the food is blah. I'm sorry, it's not you, it's me. (no it's really you).
My friend and I went to Oregano's Wood Fired Pizza after yoga class one night and we were happy that any place was open after 9 p.m. The restaurant seemed very clean and the waiter was not chatty but nice and very accommodating to the modifications that I wanted to make on my pizza. While waiting for our pizzas we were served delicious bread with butter. I like that the pizza was not too dense. It had a good combination of crispness and soft dough. It held up to all the toppings and sauce and had an golden crust while still remaining airy inside. The pizzas are made to order and come to the table right out of the oven; so it has a wonderfully fresh taste. The prices are comparable to those in the bay. I had a personal sized pizza called the "Vegetarian Fantasy" for $11.99.
I'm not sure why, but I keep forgetting how much I like this restaurant. Every time I've been here, both the food and service have been great. I came here for dinner yesterday. I had the sun-dried tomato and goat cheese pizza, and the server (who I think may have been the owner?) was wonderful about accommodating my many requests. I asked for the pizza to come with tomato sauce instead of the garlic cream sauce, add grilled eggplant, and no mozzarella. He was happy to make the changes, and got it all right, too. And it was delicious! I think the pizza dough and the bread are made out of the same dough, and both are great. My boyfriend had the pasta primavera, and liked that a lot - he said the veggies were perfectly cooked, and not at all mushy and overcooked like some places do. The only negative comment I could make is that the chairs are uncomfortable - it's pretty uncomfortable to sit in them for an hour or more. The service is usually good but a bit slow, which is fine if you're not in a rush.
**3.5 STARS** S.O. and I were trying to figure out what to eat for dinner and at the same time, avoid the Mother's Day crowd... in comes this spot. This place is huge... reminds me of Tomatina's but with a Mom and Pop twist. We got seated... given menus as well as bread and butter and water. Our server came back to get our orders... S.O.: salad (forgot which one)... fettuccine alfredo chicken Me: caramelized pear pizza w/o the salad Food came out fast... and service was very prompt as well. S.O. didn't like any of his entree but I liked my pizza. The crust could have been crunchier but the pear and walnuts was delicious! It was light and definitely just the right size for me. S.O. ordered the tiramisu for dessert ... he said it was blah but I didn't taste it b/c I was so full. Overall... a good go to spot for something hot and quick food. I'll definitely be back b/c I liked that pizza a lot... I'll probably ask for extra crispy or toast it!
This place is pretty good, but not amazing.  I came here one night after my yoga class.  Since it's hard to find a place open past 9 close to Los Altos, we decided to stop here. The food was good, I really liked my pizza.  I had a pizza with no cheese and artichokes and eggplant.  I had to ask for this because their was no "make your own" pizza option on the menu.  Also, I did not see a list of toppings.  However, the owner (?), happily adjusted the menu to my taste and it turned out great.  The pizza itself was a fairly thin with a fluffly crust.  Since I hate thick pizza, this worked out.  The crust wasn't as crispy as I like it, but was slightly soft. It seems as if they make just one size pizza, which is personal size.  Great for one person, I would recommend sharing unless you were getting something else, or weren't very hungry. The service was OK, I didn't find it to be rude, but it wasn't over the top either.  Overall, this place was OK, and I would come again.  Good food at a decent price.  My friend and I both got a pizza and the overall bill was about $25.  Not to bad.
I've only had one thing from this place and it's their pizzas. We usually get the combination, vegetarian, and sausage and onion w/ no bell peppers pizzas. All which are very yummy. The crust is thin and crispy. I also like the individual sized boxes it comes in. We usually get a few boxes for office meetings. If I could, I'd steal a whole box to myself. So if you like good thin pizza, come to Oregano's!
People in the South Bay already know what a great spot this is..I myself have been dining here off and on for 10 plus years..started when I worked in Mtn View! If you work/live in the area, Oregano's is likely already in your rotation, rightfully so!  ! For City-folk/North Peninsula types...it's WORTH a trek to Los Altos to check this place out as it's definitely NOT just another suds and pizza joint! IAdmittedly, the decor is a bit cheesy...a corporate interior designers view of what a Tuscan pizzeria should look like! However, it's very spacious and airy so it's not all bad news! With all that room, definitely a great spot when you have a large party/department gathering, etc...AND there is a full bar!! (1 star for that) Oregano's offers pizza and pastas and salads...their claim to fame is the wood fired pizzas!!! On our last visit, here is what our group noshed on: Calamari: EXCELLENT! EXCELLENT! I Tender calamari, light panko batter, fried to perfection! Lemon and a creamy/dreamy garlic aioli side...and they sprinkled the calamari with fresh parsley and asiago cheese!  Basically dissolves in your mouth! Hot Wings: I can make a meal out of these hot wings!! Meaty, tender perfectly delightful chicken, lightly fried (so they get that crispy skin thing going without drying out the meat)  and then doused in this MARVELOUS hot sauce...tangy, Tabasco-ey, finger licking goodness!! AND of course homemade Ranch dip and celery stalks crisp enough to put an eye out!! WoodFired pizzas: Pear and Gorgonzola Pizza: Sweet pear and the sometimes ornery Gorgonzola formed a truce and worked really well on this pizza!!! Topped with some pine nuts as well...surprisingly yum-O!!! Thai chicken pizza: Marinated chicken, fresh parsley and dill and cilantro..my favorite of the evening (and they were ALL excellent) Spinach and mushroom: The spinach tasted amazing...like it had been sauteed in lemon, garlic and olive oil before it was placed on the pizza...and there must have been 3-4 different mushroom varieties on this pie...chanterelles, porcini...couldn't name the others but each was distinctive and divine!! Sausage and peppers: Even the sausage on this pie was wonderful and distinctive...seemed like Italian sausage, but perhaps a blend of beef/veal and pork?  Delicious!!! The crust there is amazing! A bit doughy but the right level of crispiness, some cornmeal woven in, perhaps beer? I don't know what's all in it, but it's really REALLY excellent and the perfect canvas for the various toppings! The service at the bar and at our table was friendly and efficient...servers checked in/watched attentively but never rushed our group!   It's a great spot if you're going to catch a show at Shoreline or after some other South Bay activity (Great Amercia, Gilroy Gardens & Campo di Bocce are not too far away)  Or if you work in the area, it's a great place to have lunch or to just grab drinks/appetizers! Oregano's, you are still ON it, after all these years!! 5 STARS!!!!
4 cheese pizza was perfect....after a long day in the city. Not the best I have had, but not the worst.  It was just the right amount of FAT that I needed. Add a cup of vegetable soup, some pizza crust-aka their bread, and a tall glass of water, and I was a happy camper.  Even kicked up my feet on the opposing chair, since I was so tired. Fast service, although our waiter forgot my pal's salad. I would compare the pizza to Wolf Gang Pucks or Cpk's frozen pizza, just a little more pricey. Honestly, I would compare my experience to a 2AM Jack in the Box outing after a long night of drinking.  You know how you need something greasy to soak up the poison, well I needed something fatty to soak up the TIRED.
I'd lean toward 3.5 stars, but I'm gonna just do three for now. My mom and I came here for lunch on a Friday ... it was probably about half full just after noon. We got seated right away. It was chilly in here though so neither one of us wanted to take our (winter) coats off. All the pizzas are listed as individual, though they would be just about perfect if two people could share it and then each get their own salad (which is what we were thinking). Then we saw a $4 charge for splitting a pizza, which seemed kind of ridiculous, so we each skipped salad and just ordered our own pizzas. I got the margherita, which was definitely tasty. I think the best part was the crust. My mom got a goat cheese with garlic pizza that is also good, but almost too strong for me (the goat cheese, it's just a personal thing). But crust was good on both. Service was generally good, though it was a little slow getting the check and we were sitting there ready to go. But all in all, I'd come back here. Maybe not rush back, but it would be worth trying again. Maybe I'll get a pizza to go next time (and avoid the cold temperature and wait for the check). :)
The Gist: The most healthiest pizza I've ever eaten! I ordered spinach and mushroom - with basil, fresh tomato, gorgonzola and parmesean cheese. The crust is homemade and the vegetables are not over-cooked.
Comfortable Dining Room, Great Lunch Specials Lunch special mini pizza or half pasta with a small house or caesar salad was a great deal at under $10. .Pizza made in a brick oven was pretty good. Free table bread was warm and tasted freshly made, similar to the pizza crust and for once that is a good thing.  Large seating area and bar area with plenty of seating for solo eaters or a large group at lunch during the week.  Very friendly and helpful staff.
After a long night on call, I was hungering for some breakfast. Walking in on a Wednesday morning around 0730, there was one other person in the restaurant. I recognized the waitress from her previous days at A Good Morning and after perusing the menu, I opted for the Nico's special. 2 eggs (scrambled for me) Bacon or sausage (the menu is missing the operative "or", so don't make the mistake of thinking that you'll get both) Potatoes or hashbrowns House sourdough bread I chose the sausage, which turned out to be 3 small-ish Italian sausage patties. It was a good different, as they were spiced differently than your normal breakfast sausage. The potatoes also used different-than-normal spices, which were a welcome change. I prefer mine a little crispier though. The bread was ok - again different from the norm - and came as four small yet thick slices with uneven toasting. Overall, the breakfast was pretty good - it didn't blow me away with the quality but I was intrigued the different tastes.
Pros: I've been coming here since 2001 and what a great family run business. The owner is super generous and the wait staff has been the same since then which is amazing in itself!  My favorites on the menu are the Spinach Gorgonzola Salad, Thai Chicken Pizza, Tequilla Chicken Fettucine, and of course the fresh bread.  Great for groups especially with the upstairs tables. Cons: Back in the days they used to serve fresh lemonade but not it is the super-sugary pink crap. The TV reception in the place is horrible so don't plan on watching the Giants game.
Came here for lunch and were treated very badly.  Not sure who the gentleman was that helped us.  He was very rude, impatient and intolerant of our party, 5 adults and 6 kids, all over the age of 12.  He reminded me of that old Seinfeld episode of the soup nazi.  "No pizza fo' you!" I'd give it 1 star for the horrible customer service, but the pizza was decent.
The first thing I thought when I set foot in here was ," gee this feels a wee bit generic; hmm they get the E for effort though". Peering around I took in all the homey little touches, a dried wreath, the wine bottles, faux dried leaves and grapes; very stereotypical "Italian" (I put Italian in italics because I want you to think of Italian in the vein of 'hey I'm holding an Italian theme party at my place'). Undaunted I took a peek at the menu. Ok well, at first glance my first thought was, hey they have a pear and gorgenzola pizza---wait a sec, don't they have that at CPK? Upon further glance MANY of the choices offered for pizzas and some of the pastas seemed inspired by a certain chain. Yeah I guess I can dig it ((inward sigh of slight disappointment)), ooh thanks free bread! Allright well after an internal battle of healthy vs tasty, I caved into curiousity and ordered the Jambalya pizza. I have to admit it was puzzling yet delightful melting of both dishes plus the crust a la brick oven is its own special treat. I'm all for crusty and slightly charred in the name of adding tastiness to the dough. You know what I mean. I do have my little snippy tidbits to add. For starters when I went there was none of this 1/2 pizza thing as mentioned in prior reviews. I had to commit to my $12 choice. Secondly, though I love brick oven pizza a la bistro style,I can't eat this pizza alone again. Something about this act seemed very different and very somber as compared to snarfing down a slice. Maybe it was the time of day. Plus all the mixed drink specials featured ku. I don't know why but I have mixed feelings about this. On the plus side, the service here rocks. There was only one guy on duty when I stopped in for lunch and he flew from table to table from time to time. Made this place more comfortable.Apparently this place is good for family dinners.
This place is great.  I love the fact that they are open until 10 pm. The food is consistently good.  I have tried many things there for lunch and dinner.  What stands out the most is their Tequila Lime Chicken Fettuccine , their hot wings , and their pepperoni pizza. These all seem pretty simple, but wow when you taste them you'll see.  Their wing sauce is so delicious!  Not to mention the prices are really reasonable and the service is really good.  This is always our default restaurant when we can't decide where to go. update:  uhhh yeah... this wasn't supposed to be a "funny" review...
This place was pretty roomy and the service was great, maybe because it was a company's luncheon. I had the Chinese Chicken Salad: dressing was very typical and everything else was simple. However, the chicken was coated with sesame seeds, unique and good. Calamari w/tomato sauce: I thought it was okay, not too much flavor on the breading.  Definitely needed the sauce Garlic Bread: I thought it was pretty dry. Maybe by the time I had it it was cold.
Went on a whim for dinner and decided to stop in since I've driven by it so many times. The complimentary bread was a bit too dense for my taste.  Reminded me of pizza dough. Ordered the apple martini drink special.  Came in a small martini glass, but at least it was filled to the rim.  Tasty, but small. Ordered the jambalaya pizza.  Overall it was tasty, but could tell that everything didn't go in the oven.  the bread was hot to the touch but the jambalaya toppings/sauce were just "warm".    Flavor-wise, though, it was good. Was pretty much left alone after i initially ordered.  Didn't receive/wasn't offered a glass of water (or it i even wanted another drink!). I like that they had some interesting and unique pizza choices, including a chicken bree pizza. Will probably order from there again, but most likely "to go".
I love large menus. Sure, it's hard to choose, but you're so much more likely to find interesting combinations! Despite the huge selection, my choice was very easy... as soon as I saw the Chicken Brie Pizza with green onions, dill,  and garlic cream sauce I knew it was what I wanted, since it reminded me of a pizza at my favorite place in Urbana (and I was slightly homesick... or schoolsick?) except with goat cheese instead of brie. Luckily, the waiter was so nice and was willing to replace the brie with goat cheese, and I was not disappointed by my choice! The garlic cream sauce is delicious, and the crust was the perfect combination of crunchy and chewy. Unfortunately we filled up too much on dinner to order dessert, which was very enthusiastically recommended to us by the next table over... but I guess that just means we'll have to go back!
Always will have good memories of this place. I came here on the first date with this guy and let's just say I liked him a little bit more after coming here =) Pretty much everything on the menu was really delicious. The pizza was the one of the best I had until that point in my life. The crust was chewy and had great flavor- something most crusts lack. The sizes are also great- just enough to fill me up with a few pieces left over for late night munchies. The salads were also crisp and well dressed. Good service and it was neat to see the pizza being put into the oven in the wall. The bathroom is kinda far away up stairs and down some hallways but that's no reason to take off any stars. Decore could use some more work maybe, but I love the pizza and great memories here.
Came here for the first time today for lunch. I had the meatball sandwich. This restaurant is average. The staff isn't unfriendly or friendly. The food isn't great or horrible. The service isn't very fast or very slow. The menu has a nice selection of pizza, pasta, and sandwiches. The only problem I have is the tables and chairs. The tables are too high, they have a pole in the middle so you have no place to put your feet, and the chairs are really uncomfortable. It would do a lot to improve the experience here if they got new tables and chairs.
It's odd, Oregano's is a pretty big place and I don't think I've ever even seen it half full. The food is pretty good, the bread you get before the meal is really soft and often hot.  I don't usually eat much of the free bread most places give you but my friends and I always devour this. Some pastas are better than others, the chicken pesto was good and flavorful but the chicken penne with sun dried tomatoes and creamy marinara was even better.  The Oregano's pasta (with chicken and their "secret magic sauce") is quite yummy as well.  Friends have said the pizzas are pretty good too, I just typically avoid pizza unless I'm eating at a pizza-only place. Service is usually pretty decent but you'd expect that since it's not usually super busy even on a Friday night. If you're hungry for italian and don't want to wait a long time for the other places, you could certainly do worse than Oregano's.  Give it a try.
Very quick service and huge portion sizes (granted, a platter of pasta costs on average $13-- but it could easily feed two people).  Pizza, pasta, salad-- casual and friendly family-type of restaurant.  My family seemed pleased with their orders (meatball, artichoke lemon, California prawn-- all some variety of pasta) and I appreciated the server for keeping the prawns out of the Thai pasta I ordered and serving it on the side (for my brother to inhale, ultimately).  I found the Thai pasta too saucy and thus contributing to an overcooked heft (you know, when noodles are beyond al dente and feel "heavy"), but overall, this is a nice place to grab a bite. In addition to a small bar niche at the entrance of the restaurant, there's table as well as bar (facing-the-kitchen) seating in the dining area.
My friend and I occasionally come here for lunch because we work in the area. It's a pretty decent place to grab Italian food. We both usually get the lunch special of pasta and salad, which comes out to $10.91 with tax. The Rosemary Chicken Penne is what we always each decide on. It consists of chicken breast, sun-dried tomatoes, roasted garlic, broccoli, and penne pasta in a rosemary tomato cream sauce. It is absolutely delicious! It never fails! Their bread is really good too and the tomato cream sauce is perfect to dip your bread into. The side salad with vinaigrette dressing is always fresh and I always finish it all before the pasta comes. Service can be slow at times. But, the pasta and bread are what definitely keeps me coming back.
I was craving a good Margarita pizza.  I decided to try this place as Tony & Alba's was closed. I ordered the Margarita and the Chinese Chicken salad.  Salad came quickly. The chicken was juicy and tender and covered with sesame seeds.  The surprise was the dressing.  It is HOT!  I found out the dressing is made with chili paste!  There is no mention of this on the menu. This kind of salad is usually sweet, not spicy.  The waiter agreed with me and mentioned that other customer's didn't like this either.  So why hasn't the owner corrected this? Second, the pizza was not up to standard. It was mostly crust with a little cheese and basil in the middle. I will not return.
I didn't feel like ordering pizza and ended up having the scampi fettuccine since the entree menu is quite simple. There isn't much selection as the majority of the selections are chicken. My pasta was tasty with 6-7 giant shrimps but portion was small for the price. This restaurant is very spacious. Servers were nice on the eyes and very attentive. Might come back to try the pizza in the future.
Expensive Italian food is, more often than not, a disappointment (except for Cafe Riace, which I will review soon).  On the other hand, cheap Italian food is, generally, satisfying (while being easy on the pocketbook).  Oregano's Wood-Fired Pizza is a unique restaurant for me, in that I would not mind paying more for the excellent food! We don't come to this restaurant enough, probably because it's in the same strip mall as our favorite pho restaurant -- shout-out to Pho Vi Hoa!  But, whenever we want our carbohydrate-bomb in the form of pasta instead of noodle soups, Oregano's is our obvious choice.  And, probably the best dish here is aptly named "Oregano's".  This fusilli pasta entree has chicken, capers, green onion, and their "own magic and still secret sauce".  Believe me, their secret sauce is fantastic!  Despite the fact that this is a cream-based sauce, it remains light and delicate (without that sickly thick heaviness of other cream sauces).  Another bright spot on the menu is the penne primavera (vegetables tossed with a homemade marinara sauce).  Again, here is another example of Italian food done right, with a  pure and fresh simplicity, lacking heaviness. As for appetizers, winners include the calamari (as always, for me).  Also, the bruschetta is a great choice if the complimentary bread is not exciting enough.  And, for those who aren't interested in a full-blown pizza, the flatbread (homemade pizza dough topped with brie and parmesan cheeses, roasted garlic, and fresh thyme) is a great way to experience warm, chewy bread. On top of all of this, the proprietors (who sometimes also wait on tables) are polite, courteous, and cheerful.  The food is great, the prices are more than reasonable -- what's not to like?
Oh dear. This might be a 5* for a highway rest stop in rural Nebraska. In the Peninsula, you've got to do better. Ingredients seem to be of low quality. No choice of breads for sandwiches. Pizza doesn't feel freshly made. Melted yellow processed cheese puke over my open-faced sandwich. Mixed green salad has no mixed greens. Forget about coming here if you have any dietary restrictions. Low carb? fuggedaboudit - the salads aren't up to snuff. I'll be surprised if this place stays in business in the competitive dining landscape in the Bay Area. There's probably a market for low quality Italian food, but I don't think it's in Los Altos. I recall this place being a mediocre Indian restaurant before. I guess the location isn't blessed.
Food was great. Individual sized pizzas with a load of toppings. The margherita pizza had a lot of fresh basil, unlike many high end pizza places that put one sliver of basil. A decent amount of sauce was nice as well. We got it well done. The spinach & mushroom pizza was equally good with loads of toppings. The great thing was the freshness to the food. The service was friendly as well.
The lasagna is pretty good but don't miss the pizza.  Only comes in personal size.  A bit pricey for what you get but you won't regret it. Not crowded, nice local feel.  Owners are super friendly and make you feel at home.  Nice touch to the dining experience, even if it is just a neighborhood pizza joint.
Great food, good service, clean, parking available....overall a great experience. I have been here once with my bf. The place is big with decent interior, not a hole-in-the-wall. It's clean. We were greeted by a couple who looked like the owners. They also gave us a great service. We went there around 7pm on a week-night. Only a couple of tables were filled. Their menu is different from other Italian places which is good. It offers more variety and has many vegetarian options. They served the bread and butter but the bread was not warm and just ok taste-wise EGGPLANT PARMIAGNA PIZZA: It's wood-fired and has slices of eggplant, which might have been fried. It was very delicious. Perfectly cooked. The size was more than enough for one person or just enough for 1 person with a good appetite. FUSILLI WITH GOAT CHEESE: This has fusilli, artichoke hearts, sun-dried tomatoes, some other veggies and goat cheese crumbles. It was very delicious too. Was cooked perfectly. If I could change something about it, I would want more veggies. I think it had more pasta and fewer veggies. Price: approx. $11-$18 per entree. Other Yelpers have pictures of menu posted here in photos. You can check it out to get a better idea of prices. Since, I have had nothing to complain about, I gave them 5 stars.
This is simply based on the wood fire pizza FYI..haven't had anything else on the menu --this pizza is very very good woodfire pizza...it's way better than Amici's....actually let me rephrase that..it's one of the best pizzas i've ever eaten...and that's saying a lot b/c i've had plenty to fill my tummy in a lifetime --the pizza was piping out straight from the oven onto the plate and into my mouth...now I know everyone has different preferences with pizza but ample toppings, good ratio of cheese to sauce and crispy crust are factors that make this pizza great --I'm a pizza lover so i'll eat mediocre pizza if need be..but this pizza definitely is one you need to try --staff was friendly...spacious are..decor is ehh but focus on the pizza and you won't notice it
Breakfast-review only. Meh.
I'm so spoiled from living in the Bay Area I think of this place as just "good", but coming here after a couple meals elsewhere I feel sorry for thinking that.  I shouldn't take it for granted. Dinner starts with small slabs of bread, right out of the semicircular oven opening you can see from the dining room, onto a plate and brought to the table.  You can nosh while looking over the menu, which has a lot of breadth.  If someone in your party doesn't feel like pizza, they have much to choose from. Calzone are made fresh just for you (not slapped out of the fridge premade) and are huge and tasty.  Pizzas have perfect crust and good cheese, the sauce has a distinct tomato flavor as opposed to the processed-food taste of many pizzas I've had lately.  However, I think the garlic on my pizza (I asked for it as a topping) was pre-chopped in a jar. Service was fast, attentive, and full of smiles.  The room can be noisy (it seems to echo) but it didn't diminish our enjoyment.
Place is not bad.  They serve pizza and pasta here.  They have lunch specials from 11 to 4 with half portions of pizza and pasta plus a salad for about $9.  NOT BAD! Their pastas are very rich and get to be too much.  You will get food coma if you dont pace yourself.  The pizza is very doughy but the bread is good. They have hef on tap.  And I think this is my first semi-serious review.  HUZZAH!
Simply THE best wood-fired pizza in the area.  Tops Amici's by far.  I love their raviolis with creamy marinara sauce too.  The bread is delicious. The service has always been tops.   Very kid-friendly place too. They are never very crowded which is good for us, but not for them.  I think their dining room needs some rearranging.  The entrance to the restaurant is a little inhospitable too since you are thrown into the bar area the second you walk in the door.  They should move the hostess stand closer to the door. Also they are next door to the (inferior) Pasta Market which probably draws away their guests since it is cheaper and offers take-out. Give this place a try!  Shame if a restaurant that serves such delicious food should not get the business it deserves.
In my family, we love pizza! This is one of our favorite local spots to eat at! The staff is always super-friendly and the food is yummy! Really good place for families to eat at, or casual dining, but not so much for a date. We've had the Combination, Hawaiian, Pepperoni, Chicken & Pesto, and the plain cheese pizzas. They are all great! The crust is always crispy and chewy... just the way we love it! We've also had the Beef Ravioli and Chicken pesto & tomato basil pastas - delicious! The only things I'm not too fond of are the Caesar Salad and the desserts. Otherwise, this pizzas and pastas are great! :)
This is based on the pear & gorgonzola pizza I had and is based entirely on the service and food as the interior is a little dated feeling. First, if you think that a pizza is only good if it looks or tastes familiar, this may not be the place for you.  But, I could care less for familiar since that is far too easily had in the pizza space. I can tell you that I was VERY pleasantly surprised by my pizza, it didn't look or taste like what I expected but that isn't necessarily a bad thing since it was delicious. The service was also very speedy, efficient and courteous. I also see a friend of mine left a 5 star review here (we haven't eaten together), nice to see we have similar taste.
I have been a weekly customer for a long time.  They post that they are open until 10PM and we have shown up many times at 9:30 PM with no problem.  Tonight we drove 30 minutes to get there by 9:30 and we were run out.  They have destroyed our relationship!  I will never go back or recommend them ever again!
My wife wanted pasta so we decided to give this place a try. There were not a lot of people there, it seems like it might be more of a lunch place during work hours. Service was nice but would of liked it to be a little faster. We enjoyed all our food. The pizza looked to be high priced for a personal one but it looked really good. I had it yesterday so I didn't get it today but maybe next time.
This place is pretty close to a dive. Our experience last night included watching the manage do crossword puzzles at a table near us, the 'bar' covered in newspapers, the tap beer system not functioning. They bring bread to your table which is exactly the same as the pizza dough. So you can imagine what the pizza dough tastes like...correct...bread. I had the Jambalaya pizza which was pretty much jambalaya sauce on bread - the same sauce they put on the pasta. Sounded good on the menu / I left half of this pizza on the table - didn't even take home. Our other meals were bland (chicken caesar and another pizza). The waiter was friendly. Not many customers. If you want to eat here, you better hurry - I can't see this place lasting much longer.
They were very sweet, clean, and made the food quickly. We had the kids Hawaiian pizza and the onion strings. My son who is a picky two year old ate both up which to get him to like food is very impressive. The bits that I was able to steal away from him was really good. It is a good day when we leave with my son full.
Pizza/pasta/calzone are okay, BUT I eat  here primarily for their chicken wings - these are the best I've had in mv/la/pa area. I surely miss Taco Mac's from the south, but these wings are just GOOD - it's like a buffalo/garlic sauce with a hint of cheese somehow. So you eat the wings, and use the bread to sop up the remaining like gravy! I really like this place - open and spacious.
This is a quality restaurant that has some excellent food. The pasta I ordered was exceptional and the pizza while a little dry was yummy. The best part about this restaurant is their bread/pizza dough. A solid place to grab lunch or dinner.
Great for what it is. It's nothing fancy but the pizza is excellent and the pasta dishes are solid. This is a great place for kids and the staff is very accommodating. It's a casual place, and relatively quite and roomy. We usually get several small (single-serve but a big portion for one) pizzas. They also have take-out which we've also used a lot. Overall this place is a great addition to the area.
4 stars for the food. but 2 stars for the service. I can't believe we've lived nearby for so long, and I've never been to this place?! We came here for sunday dinner and started with the GARLIC BREAD, a bit cheesy and made right on pizza dough. Tasty! Definitely start with this one. - ROSEMARY CHICKEN PENNE PASTA - tasty pasta dish with a cream and sundried tomato based sauce. - SPINACH AND MUSHROOM PIZZA - tasty! they top this pizza up with tons of fixin's. Yumminess! with the two dishes and the app, it fed 3 ladies, with still enough left over for one lucky girls' lunch the next day. :) Can't beat that, and for less than 40 dollars. On to the service... it was semi attentive, Water glasses went dry for a while, we had to flag down our waiter. they were eager to get our orders in and food out to us, but anything after that (dessert, coffee, boxes, bags, any drink requests... all went unfilled, even getting change from our payment!) we were done with our meal around 7pm, the restaurant doesn't close till much later than that, even on a sunday... but the place was empty! And the servers were acting as if we were keeping them open for far too long. They were cleaning up and just doing their own thing, ignoring us and our minimal requests for change (for a box and a bag). seriously? If the service had been better, I would come back. Perhaps next time, I'll opt for take out.
This place is cute, but it's pretty average.  Although we had to wait awhile for both our food and the check, the server was very friendly. Our party of five ordered the garlic bread, a salad, a pizza, and three pasta dishes.  The garlic bread, as well as the little plate of bread they give you at the beginning, were both tasty.  The salad came on top of a piece of pizza dough, which I thought was cute.  The person who got the Hawaiian pizza looked pleased.  The pasta, on the other hand, was all pretty bland.  I got the tequila chicken fettucine, and the chicken was tender and lime-y, definitely the highlight of the meal. I think the moral of the story is, if a restaurant has "wood-fired pizza" in its name, that's probably the best bet.
Wood fired pizzas are fantastic.. The pasta sauce is homemade... And they even have homemade deserts.. you can tell the place is run by the owners and they're who serves you as well.. super friendly!
My family and I have been coming to here for at least 5 years. It has become one of our most frequently visited restaurants and I am never disappointed. The service is great, the bread is fantastic and their wood fire pizzas are terrific. It is a small, comfortable atmosphere, which I find much more preferable to the commercialized CPK's. I always look forward to my next meal here.
Breakfast is my FAVORITE meal of the day. If I wake up late or just geta late start I CANNOT got directly to Lunch...haveta do breakfast first. I am pretty fussy about breakfast as well. A bad cup of coffe can just destroy the whole meal. Therefore, once I find a place I pretty much clamp on like a moray eel! So when I saw the sign out front that Oreganos was going to start servig breakfast I thought...Pizza? Breakfast? I dunno...But I was so gald that I took the plunge. First I was thrilled to see my friend Ellie serving us. Ellie used to be a Good Morning before the new owners took over and wrecked it. Ellie is like a nurturing auntie...she is the best!! Big mug o'coffee almost immediately with plenty of half and half just like I like it. YUM YUM,,,crucial test...NYCE!! I ordered the Oatmeal with sliced bananas and a side of eggies. My Husband ordered the eggs benedict florentine (I think) with hash browns. My oatmeal was AMAZING. I am an Oatmeal expert and this is, no exaggeration, the best oatmeal on the peninsula. It came with all the fixins and was perfectamundo!! I stole some of the Husbands hash browns and they were good. They tasted like hash browns rather than whatever was on the grill before they were cooked. He said that he really liked the egg dish and remarked that " this is our new breakfast stop" . When we got our bill we had to ask Ellie if she had forgotten the organge juice or the side of eggs becuase it was cheap cheap cheap!! We are definitely gonna come back for dinner. They have a large area upstairs that can accomodate a group (with my family its better to isolate us) ... heck we might do the group for BREAKFAST!! Give them a try....you wont be sorry .... and be sure to say hi to Ellie!!
The pizza is tasty here and the staff is nice but, the place has never been packed when I've visited.  I'm assuming they have a big lunch crowd (I've never visited during that time) because I don't know how you keep paying a Silicon Valley rent on such a skimpy dinner crowd.  I highly recommend the Thai Chicken pizza.  Delicious!
Located in the Los Altos Shopping Center on El Camino, Oreganos is lost amidst the host of other restaurants and supermarkets in the area. While Chef Chu, Whole Foods, the San Antonio Shopping Center and Armadillo Willy's get most of the attention, Oreganos has been serving satisfied customers for more than a decade now. The restaurant offers Pizzas, salads and pastas. The prices are actually a little on the expensive side, but what they give you fills you up. They have a nice selection of pizzas that are priced ($10-$13) and sized to typically feed two. There is the traditional 3 meat pizza (one of my favorites), your plain cheese and then those with non traditional toppings (try the thai pizza). They have very good, well sized calzones ($11-$13). I've tried all three (three meat, vegetarian and chicken). In my opinion, the three meat is the best, the chicken the worst (although not terrible). It will definitely fill you up and can easily serve two people. The staff is courteous and attentive. They dont do delivery, but you can order beforehand and pick up. If you are looking for a quick or non "artsy" pizza (or are trying to feed a group of 20+ people at a party or gathering), dont go here. Round table, mountain mikes and other similar establishments are simply better alternatives (cheaper, quicker and selection is more suitable for larger parties). If you are looking for a sit down dinner type place with good selection (and good calzones!), try Oreganos. Pros: Good selection. Different types of Pizzas offered. Can do a combo salad/pasta or salad/pizza. Calzones are pretty good. All pizzas are cooked over a wood fire. Items will fill up the average person. Cons: On the expensive side. Doesnt do delivery. Not good for large parties. Although selection of pastas are good, should be slightly wider. Best entrees: Meat Calzone Worst entrees: Nothing too bad so far. Sample Size: I have eaten here 8+ times.
Can't say it was great but can't say it was bad... It might have been what I ordered but I wasnt crazy about it. The service was good and fast. We went at noon and hardly anyone was there. I will go back and try other things. They have a pretty good lookin menu. It was hard to pick just one thing. The meat Calzone is big enough for 2 meals.
This review is for breakfast only. I have been going to A Good Morning around the corner for some time now, but I recently noticed that Oregano's is now serving breakfast, so I thought I'd give it a try. When I entered I then recognized the server who used to be at A Good Morning and she greeted me warmly.  Her service was excellent and the food was good as well --- homemade bread, italian sausage, nicely spiced hash browns. I say give it a try, especially since A Good Morning sometimes has more crowds and some wait times --- Oregano's was pretty empty when I was there so you will get served quickly.
Had dinner with a group of 20 coworkers last night. They had an upstairs area where they could seat large parties. Service was great, food was okay. We had a selection of appetizers and I ended up ordering a spinach and mushroom pizza. Unfortunately I was in the midst of developing a raging migraine so I probably would have enjoyed everything a little more (particularly dessert, tried to eat the tiramisu but by then I couldn't stand it anymore and had to leave). Slightly better food-wise than chain-type restaurants with a similar offering. Huge selection and family friendly - wouldn't mind taking the kids here.
I tried their caramelized pear w/ onions and walnut pizza topped off with salad with ranch dressing (~$11.99). It was delicious! But their complimentary bread was eh, my parents ordered the veggie calzone (~$11.99) and it was GOOD, but my mom said her homemade soup was tooooo salty. =( The place was extremely empty on a gorgeous Saturday afternoon, and there wasn't any A/C. The service was okay, not friendly, just okay, he did what he had to do and then he would disappear... Would have been nice if he chatted w/ us or smiled, like he did with the other regulars at the table next to ours. =/ Other than that I find this place just a little pricey for just pizza and etc... but I would definitely come back when I'm not broke! =)
Went to an oregano's in az and realized it was not the same place!!! I love this oregano's, my coworkers and I have had plenty of lunches here. I like the lunch specials, pasta and salad for less than ten bucks! (You can also do pizza and salad too, it's a little baby pizza). My absolute favorite dish though is the shrimp Caesar salad pizza. It's basically a shrimp Caesar salad on top of freshly baked wood oven pizza dough. It's so good! I think it's because they sprinkle their dough with some garlic powder and parmasean, so it makes for great breadsticks too =)
Things I like about Oregano: never crowded, friendly service, good pizza, fair prices.  Salads are okay; chicken parmigiana is good, plus huge portion.  I would say that Oregano is fine, but not great.  It lacks pizzazz and  creativity.  Still, it suits everyone in the family, and that's a plus.
We loved this place for the great selection of foods and service.  It was a perfect choice to please our entire girls soccer team.   I highly recommend this place for family or group dinning.
I came here because of a http://Restaurant.com certificate, and I'm glad I did!  I'm surprised I had never heard of this place before, because it's huge!  It's right across from San Antonio Shopping Center and Chef Chu's and would be a great place for big groups.  My boyfriend and I had the Spinach Gorgonzola Salad, which was soooo good.  He hates greens and even he finished every last bite.  The pizza was also very good.  The pasta was a bit watery when first served, but upon reheating the next day, I was pleasantly surprised.  Definitely check this place out, especially if you can score a $25 for $5 certificate off http://Restaurant.com
Good pasta. Pizza needs to be eaten right away and is very good.
I went to dinner here with a fairly large group of people. Most people ordered the entrees and not so much the pizza. But the food is okay, not too great. Two of my coworkers sent back their food because it tasted more like lemonade pasta than shrimp scampi. The have a limited wine list and the tiramisu was awful. I've had better Italian that for sure!
We came here for lunch.  I was disappointed in their pizza.  I ordered the pear pizza, but they were out of pears, so we got the spinach and mushroom one instead.  The crust was soggy, there was too much cheese, and the pizza was oily.  We also ordered the cheese ravioli, and that was good, but for price, it should have been great.  This place is too pricey for lunch, and too just be A-OK.
unfortunately this pizza was the worst in a looong while...very expensive and so small!! i am Italian and my idea of Italian pizza is definetely different.
I had a great dinner with many selection on the menu. I had Jambalaya pasta and it is one-of-a-kind! My friend ordered a combo pizza and it was very delicious. The pizza size it kind of small for the price so I would go for pasta if you are hungry. The service was really good and the food came really fast. Will come back here again!
My coworkers and I like this place. Its fast, cheap and yummy. You have to get the California Prawns when your there. The sauce in this pasta is like a yummy creamy vodka marinara. The pizza and salads are yummy too. Must try it when your in Mountain View.
Went here with some friends the other night, not knowing what to expect.  Surprisingly every thing was really good.  Most of us got Calzone based on a recommendation from the waitress.  The chicken one was really good.  Better if you add some marinara sauce to the outside as well.  We also got the roasted garlic and calimari as appetizers. Both were excellent.  Not for sure how the pizza's are, but I would imagine that they are good.  Similar looking to a CPK.  Definitely worth trying if you are in the neighborhood.
Sorry, the nice staff and family friendly atmosphere couldn't redeem this place.  The food was just not good. I couldn't tune out the bad music.
We eat here regularly, and always been satisfied. Great for lunch. Inside the space needs an re-fresh and such, so its not really the environment for "date night" but just fine for everyday dining. Good service, good quality food. Never walked away unhappy.
Had spaghetti & meatballs as an introduction to any Italian place. Delicious & tender meatballs and average spaghetti. Pretty good red sauce with nice chunks of tomato. Good food but on the pricey side given the proportions.
The food was only so-so. We shared a salad and a pizza. As long as you're there, go to the Pasta Market instead. For what we got, and the price we paid, we would've been happier at CPK (California Pizza Kitchen).
This is a great comfort-food place - very reasonable prices and excellent tasting foods.  Love the combination pizza, the french fries and goat-cheese pasta.
This place was not at all what I expected.  Bread on the side was individual portions and just plain gross.  The bruschetta was served oddly enough on pizza dough.  I was thoroughly underwhelmed by my meat calzone and my companion's pizza.  Best wood-fired pizza around this is not.  Next time I'll go back to Amici's or just make my own.
I swear I had better BBQ chicken pizza last week at Round Table.  The price was much better too.  Why pay $11 for a personal-sized pizza? I'll take the cheaper chains any day (Papa John's is even better)
Best pizza in the neighborhood. I have been going to Oreganos for the last 2 years and the pizza is great. I mostly take it to go and the sundried tomato - goat cheese is to die for.
Fresh full salad, yum!  Roasted garlic spread over warm bread and topped with goat cheese and sun dried tomatoes! To die for! (in the good way) and the Fusilli with Goat Cheese entree.  (no, there's no such thing as too much goat cheese) This has been a favorite shared meal in my scooby gang for nearly two decades. The service is always friendly and timely.
Nice and quiet location, wasn't too crowded at 7PM on a Monday. Pizzas are nicely portioned (contrary to the menu which claims "satisfies healthy appetite"). Ingredients used were fresh and the pizza was tasty. Service was little slow. Will come again sometime.
We have been here twice and both times i ordered the 'Roman' Pizza.Probably one of the best Pizza's I have ever ate! The service is very good-they are excellent at monitoring your table to refill drinks,etc. The Calamari appetizer is also very good. I don't feel they are too price at all-5 of us ate for $95 including drinks and the Calamari and 2 of the meals were $19 each! Try it you'll likey!
We had dinner.  Service was good.  Food was just okay.  We had a vegetarian pizza.  It was very small for a $12.00 pizza, and tasted bland.  We also had a caesar salad, which really was chopped romaine with italian dressing.  They also bring out a slab of bread which tastes like eating wonder bread, but looks like italian boule.  I would not go back
The Jambalaya Pasta s pretty good.
good spot for employee lunches or dinners.  havent been there for anything else though.
We've been eating here for almost 10 years now. When we lived in Pacifica, we even drove the 45 minutes at least once a month to get our fix! The service is usually very, very good- although I admit that the owner and some of the longtime staff recognize us, and there was one time when we took out-of-town relatives during lunchtime on a weekday that the service was so bad we didn't go back for months. That waiter is no longer there. The food is always fresh. On weekends and after rush hour during the week, they do a steady business, but are never crowded, which is a plus when you're hungry and don't want to wait on a table somewhere else.  For those complaining that the decor needs an update, they painted about 2 months ago and changed some things up, so I wouldn't hold my breath on anything more there. But the restaurant is clean (and you can watch your food being made) and nothing is run down or damaged. I'd rather the prices stay as affordable as they are instead of them doing a complete overhaul they really don't need and having to raise prices to cover it.
