This place is really cheap and the food comes out really fast.  Basil cream sauce is my favorite.  The pasta comes with a side of garlic bread or breadsticks with cheese spread.  Both of the sides are really good, but the breadsticks are better in my opinion.  The cheese spread is what makes it good.  Usually when I am hungry though, I get breadsticks and order an extra side of garlic bread haha. They have a new lunch special that gives you a salad for an extra dollar.  The lunch special also doesn't charge extra for filled pastas such as ravioli. so basically free salad if that's what you are getting. They have a huge selection of different types of pasta such as spinach and wheat.  They have a lot of premade sauces and food that you can buy to go as well, but I always just eat the food there. It's funny that there are always police officers eating here for lunch.
Having gone to school in the Los Altos School District for my entire life, I've been eating Pasta Market as hot lunch options for over eight years. Even after I left LASD, I still occasionally stopped by to grab some pasta. Pasta Market is reliable, quick, and delicious! I'm a huge fan! I don't eat much, so I often grab a kid sized meal since it gives you a smaller bowl of pasta and garlic bread or bread that's actually enough to fill me up since pasta is heavy and all for only a few dollars! Such a great deal for a quick lunch. The wait is literally just a few minutes if you get it to go which is definitely another plus for me. Alfredo there is pretty good, although it can get pretty heavy. Marinara was my go-to flavor during my younger years and it's also decent. My current go-to dish at Pasta Market is definitely the Butter Pasta with Garlic Bread. Simply delicious! You should also give their Mozzarella Cheese Sticks a try! Cheesy goodness dipped in sauce for maximum happiness.
i was in the mood for some pasta and too lazy to cook, so i came here for some pasta to go since it was closeby. i ordered the spinach fettuccine pasta with marinara mushroom sauce, which came with a slice of garlic bread ($7.59 w/tax).  the portion was pretty good, especially for lunch, and i really enjoyed the thick spinach fettuccine.  since they crammed it into a tight take-out container, the noodles stuck to each other a little, so it was a bit of a challenge twirling the noodles around my fork, but otherwise the pasta was tasty.  the sauce was your average tomato sauce, with chunks of tomatoes and slices of mushrooms added.  the slice of garlic bread was pretty big and they pretty much doused it with garlic and butter, v tasty, v filling. great price for solid food and very filling.
Pasta Market is alright. I usually go for the family dinner pack for four, which includes a tray of pasta, a medium-size pizza, salad for four, and breadsticks for four.  Pretty tasty, rich flavor, no complaints.  The key stat: $30!!!  It's enough to eat for two days.  On that alone, this is four stars. Unfortunately, I've tried eating in and the experience is mixed.  The staff is okay; sometimes they mess up your order.  Once I ordered two slides of pizza and they delivered a casserole.  The entree prices are a bit steep in my opinion, but the dishes are still tasty.  The wait time isn't terrible but wish it was faster (15min). Is this a place to take your date?  Sure, you'll have plenty of time to chat around wrong orders and wait time.  They also have tasty-looking cheesecake slices but at ~$4 per slide and small portions, I don't think it's worth it. Take out for the win?
Hadnt been here in a long time. Ordered a bag lunch of fettucine, alfredo on the side, garlic bread & cheese sticks to go. Ready 5 min later. Pasta was good. Cheese stix & sauce was yum. Salad was a little brown. Forgot my garlic bread :(. Decent food & service but room for improvement.
I love their salads! The bread sticks are delicious and fresh Everytime. You can walk in and grab a ore made salad to go. Nice variety and homemade dressing. A little pricey. But a great place to stop by for a fresh salad.
So disgusting. Please stay away! Actually stay away from all the places in that little complex.
Pasta Market has a sit down restaurant and a take out store that has cooked dishes and frozen pasta and refrigerated sauces.  They had at least a dozen different kinds of frozen house-made pasta and at least a half-dozen sauces.  One of the special pastas when I went was pumpkin ravioli. Picked up some frozen, but freshly made Veal Raviolis and marinara sauce and cooked them at home.  The pasta was truly excellent and the sauce was nice too.  Since these are pretty delicate, fresh pasta they only need to be cooked a very short time.  More than 3 minutes in a gentle boil and they will start to get too soft and come apart.  Take them off the heat when they're still a little firm - al dente.  The pasta was great, with a delicate chewy dough and tastefully-seasoned filling.  Would definitely get again.
Very solid performer at the mid range quality Italian niche.  You order at the counter and they bring it to your table. My husband adores pasta and when he saw the sign, I realized we were having Italian for lunch.  First, order the breadsticks. They are wonderful. All pasta (except ravioli) is made on site and is very good. I had the eggplant parmesan ($7.95) which was good but not great.  My husband has a seafood pasta linguini di mare ($13.95) and thought it was great. We both ate about half of our dishes and took the rest home for leftovers. Our bill was $28 but we'll get 4 meals out of it. We will probably go back.
My coworker had one of the lunch specials before and said it was pretty gd. We got the lunch set, which I really was not very impressed by. It was certainly cheap at $7.50, and included salad, breadsticks/garlic bread, and pasta. Unfortunately, their so-called "fresh egg pasta" was thick and chewy, carb-fest. Not tender and thin as I'd have expected for fresh egg fettucine. Perhaps Osteria in Palo Alto has spoilt me. Cajun sauce (spicy tomato with mushrooms) was not bad, but did not make up for the sub-par pasta. Garlic bread was crisp and toasty though!
Ohh me love me some pasta market. I have always ever gotten the meat tortellini with alfredo sauce.. And I will continue to get this every time I visit home in Los Altos. Definitely get it with the breadsticks that are (usually) fluffy and fresh, covered with a buttery sauce. The cheese dip they come with is also really good, but I usually just mop up my leftover alfredo sauce with them. Sure the decoration could be cheesy -or quaint. And the orders might sometime get messed up - or be a pleasant surprise! Well anyways, whatever problems you might come across here, those tortellini are so damn good I could care less.
Want a quick lunch for under $8.00? It doesn't really matter what you order here as long as you get the breadsticks. Go ahead, customize your dish from their selections of pastas and sauces, but order the breadsticks. You can add in sausages or meatballs if you want, but when they offer you breadsticks or garlic bread, get the breadsticks. Want something lighter? How about a bowl of minestrone soup or a big salad to go with your breadsticks? I think you get the idea.
It's been a long time since I ordered at the register and then was served. I had flashbacks of Sizzler and Hometown Buffet- No Pay, No Eat! My dilemma is if you pay first and use credit card and there is a tip section on the receipt do you add tip before you get the food and service? It was an awkward situation so I went with my instincts and tipped ahead and everything worked out. I saw many dishes that were of the seafood variety and I am usually intrigued but on this occasion a lot of things came to mind and freshness wasn't one of them. I went with the Linguine dish, garlic bread and minestrone soup. Soup had hearty portions of vegetables a few noodles and watery tomato base. It was edible. Garlic bread was cooked perfectly and had a great balance of garlic and butter. The pasta tasted different from your ordinary run-of-the-mill pasta joint. It was different in a good way. It seems that they make their own pasta on site. Wow, places still do that? I could taste the difference. Linguine Leonardo was calling my name. It came with baby spinach, mushrooms, sun dried tomatoes, linguine, Chicken breast, garlic and seasoning. Overall a nice dinner, so I can't complain. Will I go back? Depends on the weather.
Came here randomly for a late lunch with my husband.  We shared a Caesar salad and a meatball sub.  Nothing remarkable about either. The meatball sub had tasteless meatballs.  The meatballs seamed like they didn't even bother to add any salt and pepper when they made them. Not sure I would ever go back to this place since there are plenty of other options around.
The Bag Lunch is a great deal. It's a simple setup: choose your own fresh made pasta to go with an ok sauce (yes, just ok...), salad and bread. I have to say, I enjoy the garlic bread.  It's quite wonderful and goes well with the pasta.  Others are fans of the breadsticks that come with a cheesy dip (someone compared it to cheese in a can??? but fancier?? I'm not so sure about that... I'll stick with the garlic bread.) The pasta can sometimes be a little overcooked (not quite al dente), but the bolognese sauce is quite good for the price. It's a no frills, no fuss place. i don't know what other reviewers are talking about, but I thought the place was quite clean.  it's nothing fancy, but it does the job for a quick cheap lunch. I'll be back... it's become a part of the usual lunch rotation.
When I worked in Mountain View, I enjoyed coming here for lunch. It was a good place to pick up a cheap and tasty lunch without having to tip. More on that later. Ordering was pretty easy. You picked your item, payed, took a number, and the food was brought out for you. No tip needed. This is always a plus, when you work for a company that underpays you and was always stingy with commission bonuses. The company shall remain nameless. What takes this place to the 4th star is that they also offered packaged pasta meals that you could purchase and make at home. If I lived in the area, I would totally take advantage of that. In fact, when I did not live in the area, I would purchase these packaged meals and make it home. it was a way of cutting costs and eating decently on my limited salary and often delayed commission checks. Works sucks sometimes.
My review: 2 stars. Walt and I saw this restaurant as we were leaving Chef Chu's parking lot right across the street yesterday and I told him that I would yelp Pasta Market as soon as I got into work. We decided to take a chance and came here for lunch today. Boy, were we wrong! We thought this was a full-serviced restaurant. Instead, we were kinda disappointed as soon as we walked in. One of their hostess/managers approached us and gave us play by play directions and referred to their menu to explain what they carry and such. Okay..can we just eat already? I'm starving! We stood in line and ordered our food; took our number back to our table and waited. There was a beverage station inside the dining area, therefore, free refills. Abundance of tables surround the room. Walt had the 1/2 ravioli and 1/2 spaghetti w/ meat sauce plate while I had the lunch bag plate with 1/2 ravioli in their basil cream sauce. Both meals came with their complimentary bread and cheese dip. I had a salad with mine and its house creamy italian dressing lacked flavor. Didn't care  too much for it so I left it alone as soon as the ravioli arrived. I was surprised that my meal was delicious. The breadsticks and the cheese dip was soft and tasty. I think I'd come back here to get my lunch to go or if I was pretty much bummin' it to work. The whole dining experience was just average for me. Nothing to really rave much about. It's just one of those places that remind you of Sonoma Chicken Coop and Armadillo Willy's where you stand in line first then pay for your food in exchange for a number tally sign. Meh.
The Pasta Market (formerly Florentine's, although I think there still is one that is known by this name) has been in my life since I was young. First, it was at the Target plaza in Redwood City (now "Tony and Alba's"). Then it was the Pasta Market in Menlo Park (now, sadly, a Starbucks.) While there are more in the South bay, the Los Altos location is the nearest to my home and work. I will admit, this is hardly a restaurant like its Redwood City and Menlo Park predecessors. You wait in line, place an order, self-serve your drink and wait for your food to be delivered. The pasta is served suspiciously quick. But what ties it all together is the phenomenal garlic bread and spicy cheese spread. I practically live for it. Tasting it not only brings pleasure to my mouth , but brings back memories. So while its decor may not be amazing and it may not be a true "restuarant" Pasta Market (and its delicious cheese spread- available to purchase!) serves as a reminder of what once was. Or, at the very least, it's a quick and cheap place to get some pasta.
I wasn't satisfied with the $6.95 half ravioli and half spaghetti lunch plate.   It reminded me of a lean cuisine portion, although the spaghetti noodles tasted fresh.   I would have liked to see more creativity with the dish along with fresh parmesan cheese (instead of the pizza parlor condiment server).    The marinara meat sauce wasn't bold and didn't have any substance to talk about.    This was rather disappointing.   Most of the stars will go to the fresh oven baked garlic bread that came with the meal.    This is a big recommend and probably the best thus far - shiny glazed garlic butter and warm bread when you break it apart. As for the service, this is not a waiting table venue.   Pasta Market is fall in line, explore the wide menu, pay at the register, grab your table, and wait for your order to be delivered.    My first thought, "this is like a Carl's Jr".      Since this was our (Mika and I) first time dining here, the manager took some time to explain how the process works.     At first, I kinda felt rushed and allow the people behind us to place their order.   So again, no waiter service.   No reservations.   I'd skip the outdoor seating. Will You Go Back?   I have to say, yes.   I'll opt for the other pasta dishes and keep this review updated.   Besides, I have a craving for the garlic bread. Perfect for a Hot Date?   If she or he is low maintenance, why not. Serves Wine:  Yes.  But I didn't find enough time to explore.  This was during a lunch break so I'm going to save it. Sells Fresh Uncooked Pasta and Ravioli:  Yes.  This might be worth picking up and trying at home.   I'm still reviewing this spot. Parking:  Limited.   Its located on the corner of El Camino and San Antonio Road.   Get here early for parking for lunch.  Otherwise you're parking across the street.
Awesome bread and spicy cheese spread. I've never been thrilled by the pasta at this chain, but whenever I'm in a mood for carbs and cheese, their warm bread and delicious cheese spread always hit the spot. You can buy in a single order and get a decent portion of their bread with a small thing of spicy cheese spread ($1.95). Or you can buy a whole round of their bread and a separate plastic container of spicy cheese spread. Bottom line: Not so hot about the pasta, but their bread and cheese spread are worth a visit.
This particular Pasta Market is great for catering.  I have always found Pasta Market to be the best quality for their price (far better food and service than any Pasta Pomodoro I have tried).  I think Pasta Market gets a bad rap for not being a nice place since the decor isn't great and the prices are cheap.  If I don't tell people that I'm using them, their perception of the food is always better. I always call in my orders and they can have large orders (to feed 20+) ready for pick up within 45 minutes-1hour...this morning, they even started before the restaurant was open to accommodate me.  That's awesome service! The only reason I'm not giving them a 5 star is that I've never been WOWED, but they always make me smile...and my clients always compliment their food. You can get deliveries through http://Waiter.com and order online too.
Stopped here for an early dinner on an Saturday night in May with our kids.  Perfect for kids like mine between the ages of 5-10 as they can get their own drink refills (unless u order milk), pick their type of pasta and the type of sauce.  They loved it.  It is cafeteria type style - order at the counter, take a number, they bring you your food.  All dishes were good serving size, sauce was good, veggies on the side were fresh.  I had the chicken picatta, very good.  My husband chose the shimp and crab linguini special of the night- equally as tasty.  Pasta is made on site and is delicious. Good value for the portions, taste and service.  By the time we left at 6:30 the entire lobby was full with the line.  Will be back as the kids enjoyed.
I work for a company that has Friday Free Lunch.  We order from somewhere different every week.  We wanted Italian on Friday so we ordered from this place through waiters on wheels.  The food was GOOD.  It was hot and fresh and there was so much food!  We were, in all honesty, very impressed.  I was a little worried after reading the reviews here on Yelp, but was pleasantly surprised. So, a little about the food we ordered. We got three of the family dinner specials.   One had chicken parmigiana, another had raviolis/spaghetti, and the last one had eggplant parmigiana.   They all came with a medium pizza, bread, and a garden salad.  We all filled our plates and some even had seconds and thirds.  There was plenty of food to go around and there were lots of leftovers, too.  I took some pizza home for my kids to eat for dinner.  They loved it. All in all, for the price and quantity of food...it was FANTASTIC.  We will definitely order from this place again in the future!!!
Today's lunch special is truly special. The pasta is accompanied by prawns, artichoke, broccoli, and tomato sauce. The prawns (probably cooked in butter&#61514;) are jumbo sized. I took a bite and it melted my heart. So so good. Pros for the garlic bread and the breadsticks also. Especially the breadstick, which is supper tasty (brushed with butter). Take away one star because the table cloth wasn't clean. Food was served fast, but you don't really get much service after that. More like self serve.
Awesome breadsticks + cheese spread. Bread was tasty, soft. Awesome calzone. The dough was crispy, fluffy, smelled awesome. Plenty of meat and cheese, and a large bowl of marinara with tomato chunks. I'd skip the mozzarella sticks, you get 4. It's a Coke place, +1
You don't come here for the ambiance. You come here for the pasta. And those ridiculously good breadsticks. I don't want to know how many calories I consumed, but it was so yummy. I had the cheese ravioli, and the others in my party had the rigatoni with bolognese and chicken parmesan. Tried all of them and all were good. The environment is very casual. You order your food at the counter and then they bring it to you. You can buy some of the pastas and sauces pre-packaged. It's definitely a good option if you're craving Italian and aren't looking for the best date night in town. Though honestly, it's better than a lot of the higher-end Italian restaurants I've been to.
Let me start by saying I'm Italian, and very picky about italian food. Olive Garden just doesn't cut it. This place is a million steps up from that! PRICE: Absolutely wonderful - great italian portions for a low price. QUALITY: Fresh italian food, couldn't ask for more. They make most items from strach and you can even bring it home and make it yourself. SERVICE: This place isn't an up scale place (the food would fool you that it was though) and you order and then they bring you your food - that's it. So service isn't an issue, they bring you your food, period. You have to get up for drinks - not a big deal this place is worth it. I go to this place frequently and it never disappoints. I have been told that it's better to get 1 piece of piece than a whole one.
I came here with a friend one time.  I order angel hair in pesto.  Yeah, pretty basic.  The sauce is a little bit salty but it was hotly served and it tasted fine in a cold day.  The garlic bread was great and it's a good companion with my pasta. I might come back here again just to try other things because it is close by. :-) The atmosphere was okie.  They are a little dark inside.  I am not sure there is any table service but I think we serve ourself at least with the drink.  But they do clean up the table for us.
I always passed by this place and wanted to try it out since I really enjoy Italian food. I now know that I will never come back to this place. It is not worth the money. I had the Fettucini with clam sauce and my girlfriend had something that I cant find on their online menu. The sauce from my dish had no real taste and honestly I can make a much better white wine clam sauce. I also had an Italian Sausage which was rather large and came with some sorta of tomato sauce. The sausage was ok and the sauce was decent, however the sauce has the taste of a tin can which makes me wonder what they are doing on th back. The chicken from my GF dish tasted overcooked and the sauce was very runny. As far as Italian restaurants go this is by far the worst I have ever been to. The only good thing about it was we got our food quick (a little too quick) and the garlic bread was very good. I would not recommend this place to anyone looking for a good meal. Pasta Pomodoro was close by and I would rather go there any day. As far as price goes it too expensive for what it is. I would rather go spend the same amount at Buca di Beppo and get twice as much food.
Disclosure:  I DONT like Americanized Italian food, but I really have a soft spot for the Pasta Market.  You know why?  THE BREAD!!!!! ZOMFG so good!! I love it, and the dipping cheese sauce only makes it that much better.  The fact that you get it with any meal is awesome. Good salads, good soup, good pasta - all around solid meal, especially if you're in a hurry or looking for something casual.  they offer both take out and sit down, including packaged pasta for purchase as well.  Always makes for a good dinner. Of course, I'll be coming back for the bread :0
Decor = Below Average Service = Below Average Food =  Average Value = Average I would rate this place a 3 stars, but I had a bad experience recently. I asked for a box for my unfinished clam pasta with white wine and they gave me a cheap plastic with the flip lid (the sauce will leak because it is not sealed).  I saw they have the nicer to-go box (that won't leak) and ask if I can one of those instead.  They won't give that to me because it is for 'Take out' order only.  I know those boxes cause a little more, but come on! How can you treat your dine-in customer like that!  Cheap owner!
i really enjoyed having lunch here. we got the honey walnut rasphberry salad with salmon fettucine pasta speical for about $9+14 each. the pasta special came with garlic bread and tuscan soup with white beans. i enjoyed the salad and the pasta dish a lot. the garlic bread was so so, but the soup was speical. we got our food really quick. a good place to go for comfort food. they got got a lot of ready made to go entrees, desserts, etc. it's more a fast food pasta restaurant so not much service, but they did bring the food to our table. overall, good experience and food.
Will I ever come here without a coupon? No. I have a coupon from http://restaurant.com , $25 certificate off a minimum purchase of $35. Being Asian, my boyfriend and I tried to utilize the $35 without going over it. The entire meal ended up being $15. (btw, bought the gift certificate on sale for $4 when it's worth $25). Anyway, here's what we ordered: That night's pasta dish, riti dish, calzone (it was HUGO, didn't even touch it), breadsticks, garlic bread, salad, fried ravioli, slice of cheesecake, and a drink. Yes, all that came out to $15 for TWO people. The person who brought out our food one by one gave us this look afterwards when she saw all that we had ordered. Man we ate like royalty last night. Overall, the food was mediocre, a par below the typical chain restaurants - Buca, Olive Garden, Macaroni Grill, etc, but for the price... woozas! It's worth it!
Not impressed by their specials. Sea food pasta was OK... maybe even less than OK
I wouldn't suggest eating in. But.... I would definitely suggest dropping in to pick up a pound of incredibly fresh pasta (all kinds ranging from angel hair to fusilli to tortellini) to cook at home and put your own twist on it. It really transforms a meal, and fresh pasta cooks in less than half the time dried pasta does!
This is a to go place, you can get meals with an entree of pastas, lasagna to chicken parmiagiana, salad and cheese spread and a pizza dough bread for 2 people around $13-18.  For the busy person, who doesn't want to cook and wants conveniency.  I like the meat sauce better then the marinara.  Not fancy but definately filling and reasonably priced. I admit, I like the fluffy pizza dough bread with the spicy cheese spread.  I can almost make a meal out of that!
I'm solely reviewing their Original Breadsticks because they're the freshest tasting item on the whole menu. I've been a true fan of their breadsticks because its lightly salted, baked, brushed with oil, and sprinkled with oregano. Freshly baked and never reheated.  It's light, fluffy, and melts in your mouth not in your hand.  Mmm MmMmm Good! When you say cheese sticks, your first impression is gooey cheese inside or melted cheese sprinkled on top. Instead, they give you a cheese spread which I think is simple and different. The bread comes in a box the size of a pizza box with cheese spread in a sealed cup.  When I used to work down the street from this place, it's sooo yummy that I would place the bread box on the counter downstairs at my work, I turn around to help somebody with a transaction, and when I go back to my bread, the box is swarming with ants! It must be a good sign. Nonetheless, If you want great tasting breadsticks that taste like heaven even without the cheese spread, go to Pasta Market. I guarantee you will not be dissatisfied. Just be careful when you get your bread, it's hot!
SWWWUUUURRR... I love me some pasta. Its prob my favorite type of food. I only like me some Pasta Market though. =( I was being lame and standard for lunch the other day and decided to order some chicken alfredo to go. Pasta Markets, pay at the counter is really great for lunches on the go. Its quick and convenient and also a pretty good value. The cashier gave me option of bread sticks or garlic bread. Who wouldnt take the garlic bread?!?!?! Well next time, I'm gonna go bread sticks as the garlic bread was just ok. My pasta was also just ok. The noodles were nice and thick - they even tasted like they were made fresh! My alfredo sauce was a little runny and the chicken was over cooked. I think I may just be an alfredo snob though.. I make some pretty awesome sauce at home! Overall, Pasta Market - is just ok. Would I go back - yeah, because again, I LOVE ME SOME PASTA.
Great fresh pasta dishes and breadstick. A very good value for the combo meals. I had enough for lunch the next day. I want to try the take home pasta one of these days. The place is not fancy but it has fast service and is family friendly.
In the mood for pasta, my coworker and I came here for a quick lunch. The cashier, who made it no secret that he really didn't want to help us, took our orders. We each ordered the chicken parm special ($8.50 each) and had a $10 off coupon. I took care of the bill and handed the guy my checkcard and wasn't really thinking about it --- I just signed the receipt. I started to get that nagging feeling -- especially since the guy was looking kinda shady and didn't give me my receipt. I asked him for one, and he made a big show of printing one out for me. I sat down and realized I had been overcharged by about $9. One of the chicken parms was charged at $17. WTF! Anyway, I went to the manager since I stood in front of the cashier for a couple minutes and was ignored. The manager was nice enough to refund me my money, but then we were subsequently served our lunches, which later on gave both my coworker and I some ... issues. Intentional food poisoning? Visine in the pasta? Possibly. The pasta was a little overcooked and the sauce tasted like it came from a jar. The cheesy bread is good, but I wouldn't come back here for real food.
This place isn't bad.....  not great.. Basically, you order the pasta you want, with the topping you want...  breadsticks or...the other thing I never order... and bing.. there you go. get out of there at about $7-8 and call it a meal.  Nothing fancy... not selling fancy either.  probably as close to italian fast food as there is?
This place is an old standard for me. I've been eating here since I was a child--back when it was called Florentine's. The pizza is so-so, but the pastas are pretty good. It was Florentine's that taught me what tortellini was. The breadsticks with cheese sauce is a classic for any child who ordered hot lunch at Los Altos public schools. I would recommend the kid's meal with cheese tortellini with pesto sauce. This runs around $4.50. Of course, I would like Pasta Market to stay in business, so feel free to order something more expensive.
I don't think the reviews that rag on the pay first, sit and wait style for Pasta Market are fair. You know at least by the time you walk in the door that you're not going to be waited on. If you don't like it, Oregano's is right next door. They'd be happy to wait on you. That being said, I have to heed my own warning when I might complain about the blah of the house salad. There was nothing but the whitest of iceberg lettuce, a tomato and a slice of cucumber. The dressing was alright and the only thing that made the tasteless lettuce go down. Last time I purchased a family meal, complete with garlic bread, salad, ravioli's, and a pizza (the medium 1-topping pizza was $4 extra, so it was intended for leftovers). The pizza, even being eaten as leftovers, was the best part after the garlic bread. I wish I could say this is sub-par for Los Altos, but overall, Los Altos dining options are unimpressive. For a cheap, quick, decent take out meal though, I'm all over Pasta Market.
If you crave pasta and want to "mix and match" this is your place! Cheap prices and the tasty pasta is made on-site. I like the idea that you can build your own dish. The cheese ravioli with meat sauce was very yummy! My only complaint was that the garlic bread was delivered rather late in the meal. The bread is great as well! You can definitely taste the freshness in everything at this great restaurant! Even the Parmesan cheese is freshly grated!
Cheap good pasta meals. Period. They come out fast and breadsticks w/ dipping sauce is the best combo ever, for two people it usually comes to around $14 bucks for two pasta dishes and water. Its nothing high end, but it'll do the trick
I give this place a solid 4 stars, and that's the truth. Most people complain about the decor of this place. Note that this is NOT a high end Italian restaurant (did you see the SINGLE dollar sign at the top of the page?). This place IS the best place for a quick take-out dinner. Don't like the decor? Don't eat in! Dinner for two is under $20 and the food is decent enough for the price. In fact, I think the food is deelish. If it means I don't have to cook dinner and get an affordable yummy dinner, I am happy. Food is always ready in 10mins and is still hot by the time I get it out of the bag to eat. Plus their packaging makes clean up really easy. Everything comes out of the bag, everything goes back into the bag and into the trash can when you are finished. Excellent place for take-out dinner at a reasonable price. This place has bad reviews because people are expecting too much of it. Take it for what it is!
Great place to get fresh takeout pasta.  Its not very pricey at all.  Its also a good place if you want to sit and get a quick bite to eat.  I LOOOOVE the breadsticks here and they have really really good calamari.
I noticed this place while waiting for a rice dish at the Vietnamese place nearby. I popped in and picked up a few to-go entrees / salad for the week ahead and looked forward to tasting their dishes. Nice homey Italian place. The lasagna was really good, as were the bread sticks and cheese spread. The Eggplant Parmesan was tasty, too. I got the Chicken Avocado Salad and ate it slowly over a few days. Really tasty.
Someplaces really should have 0 stars.  I would have liked my money back.  My food tasted rotten.  I couldn't eat it.  When I complained about it the employee told me, "We haven't had any complaints all day."  There's the problem.  They were serving something that had been around ALL DAY, obviously not at a safe temperature.
We just had take-out from The Pasta Market for our Valentine's Day dinner. This was our first visit, and it was very good! 1 order of chicken parm (chicken was a tiny on the tough side, but really good breading and flavors - will definitely order it again) and 1 order of sausage & ravioli (cheese). Portions were good, flavors outstanding - especially for the price of $21 including tip and breadsticks/garlic bread. It was busy inside with families and couples, and the service was quick (we called in our order). Pick up a menu in store, as the online ones we found were not nearly so extensive. Will return!
Not much has changed around here, except the name, and even that has changed for the worse by going from the exotic "Florentine's" to everyday "Pasta Market". The table clothes look like they haven't been changed in 15 years and the cashiers can recite the entire menu without once realizing that they are talking about food. On the other hand, prices also haven't  changed since 1992 and judging by their apathy I'm sure they would prefer to stubbornly go out of business than to care about running or improving the business. However, I've gone twice in the last month. Both were cheap dates while preparing for our expensive wedding. The first time we ate at the restaurant, the second time was a to go order because it is unlikely we would "eat in" there ever again. Why never again? I find eating at the restaurant a bit depressing at best, dirty and unappetizing at worst. The tables were carelessly unbalanced and soiled, the floor was a mess after an evening of unruly kids, and the customers were a bit too labored--reminding me of wounded birds that can't fly and for whom you sense an impending death by cat. But then the waiters/bus boys enter and mope around and you realize that there is no cat looming. There is no danger. There is only a long life of severe nothingness that threatens to drown all who fall into the specter of their lives. I prefer to experience my bouts of tragic isolationism at home with a cheap bottle of wine and my drunk fiancee watching COPS. And so that's what I did on Saturday, after first picking up our meal. In two visits you can cover a lot of ground and, frankly, some of which you may not wish to visit again. For example the bleached salad and soggy garlic bread are paired well with the lifeless existence of their listless customers. However, not all is for naught. The veggie lasagna was good, but was so hot it burned my mouth, briefly reminding me that I was still alive. The cheese raviolis were mediocre, neither praise nor insult worthy. The marinara sauce was acceptable, but only because we probably don't know what a good sauce tastes like. The chicken parm was huge, tough despite the pounding, and came with a whole pile of melted motzarella and pasta. It kept me full for two whole meals, and when eating at home with wine and candlelight it was shockingly good. The alfredo was nice. They tossed it with lots of sun dried tomatoes which went well with the juicy diced chicken and light alfredo sauce. If you have young children and are tired of cleaning up their messes at home, why not bring them someplace cheap, where you don't have to tip, and where you can mope around with your fellow zombies?
This is a very basic Italian place to eat but it's pretty decent. I work nearby and order from here every once in a while. I enjoy the "Bag Lunch" which is pretty cheap! They give you a choice of pasta and sauce, salad with dressing and a choice of breadsticks or garlic bread. I enjoy the cheese tortellini with the spicy mushroom sauce. In my opinion, its the best pasta sauce there. They also have a really good chicken salad that you can pick up in their fridge case and take it to go.
You want fast Italian food?  You want one that is equivalent to Mr Chow's if you wanted Chinese, or Chef Boyardee if you wanted it out of a can...?  Look no further because The Pasta Market is your top choice.   I ordered the clam special thinking..."you can't mess up clams in their own broth, right?"  WRONG.  I think I got sick from this place..and I am still feeling the effects.  Really, this is fast food...and anything with meat sauce tastes like Chef Boyardee, but you will only pay $.99 cents at food maxx for a can of the chef's meat ravioli.  Skip it, and if you do go...just order the bread with cheesy spread-skip the garlic bread.  In comparison to the Sunnyvale location, this place is comparable.  The food is not going to be good, and it's not really going to matter which one you go to...
I love coming here with my co-workers for lunch! My favorite dish is the gnocchi in meat sauce! It comes with great garlic bread or breadsticks too. The workers are nice and will even give you extra sauce for free if you ask. Prices are cheap. Service is fast. Food is great. Nice place to dine. Overall, I highly recommend this place!
Um... why there are 2 italian food places next door to each other, i dont know. I every once in a while will order a chicken ceasar salad from here and its been ok. The chicken doesnt have much flavor and they dont give u enough dressing for the salad. The breadsticks are good for not having much flavor either. They are close to work and fast so thats the only reason why I go here. Be prepared that the people that answer the phone dont speak good english.
The food here is so tasteless that I'm surprised that they are still in business. Perhaps it's because they offer fresh pasta, but the accompanying sauce is really bad. I make a far superior marinara sauce! The only reason they got a one-star is because there was a function at my son's school and one of the parents ordered pasta from here and they actually delivered -- 2 huge trays of penne pasta with marinara sauce. Flavor was well.... WHAT flavor? Remember Florentines? They were the same! Lousy food and pretty expensive too. Guess what happened to them? Let's hope this place goes in the same direction sometime soon.
If you want the basics and don't want to slog your way through a lot of fluff to get to them then this is your place.  The basics of Italian food is what you'll get here and it's clear from the minute you come in the door.  The bread and cheese spread were good, the food was decent and so were the portions.  Good place to take the kids for dinner as they offer quite a bit of the fare the tots favor.  Affordable.  And there you have it, my basics on Pasta Market's basics!
I came here for lunch once and tried the marinara sauce and the pesto sauce. They were both pretty bad, especially the pesto. The flavors were off and the whole dish had that just-been-microwaved quality. No matter how bad of a cook you are, you can make better pasta than this at home.
this place kinda sucks.  It was kinda on the high side for the lack of quality.  I had a special premium meal (or whatever fancy name they call it,) which should have been called the over priced shitty meal.  For starters, the salad was comprised of browning shredded carrots, a single tomatoe slice, and a bunch of brown lettuce.  (I don't think it was supposed to be brown.)  Okay, skip the salad, I am not a rabbit anyway.  I prepare to eat my plate of tortellini-something-or another (tortellini in alfredo sauce and prosciutto,) ummmm, yeah, that wasn't prosciutto.  It tasted and looked like little peices of american cold cut ham (maybe even oscar meyers.)  And the alfredo sauce was bland at best.  On the upside of the whole experience was the bread, and the special butter spread they make.  Other than that I would pro'lly not recommend ever going to this place.  (go to pasta?)
I was famished one day during lunch and my co-worker dragged me here.  I ordered the tortellini in a white cream sauce and the sauce was really bland and the consistency was off. I tried really hard to eat it, but I couldn't force it down my throat no matter how hard I tried.The garlic bread was good and so that is what I ate for lunch. The service was pretty good.  We didn't have to wait that long for our food to arrive.  Not sure I will return to this place but as they say, "Different strokes for different folks."
I love pasta market! I'm a regular. I'm a pasta fanatic, and this is like my heaven. The breadsticks are AMAZING :) My bf and I get the fusilli with half alfredo and half marinara, or the cheese tortellini.  They are quick whether or not you eat in or take out, and the service is great. They do catering for the youth group I volunteer for, and the food is always delivered on time and is great. Pasta market is just down the street from the palo alto bowling alley, so I take my girls I babysit there a lot, and they love it. They beg me for it! Pasta market is also really inexpensive, and you still get a lot of good food. The atmosphere is kindof cliche, but it ads to the charm!
A friend took me here who said it was fabulous.  I guess I could see loving this place -- it's not too expensive, it's fast, and the meals are sort of hearty.  I felt the marinara was pretty boring so I gave it my traditional dose of flavor-saving salt.  My experience wasn't as terrible as the other reviewers, but it was nothing to get excited about either.
Agreed with other mediocre reviews. Don't go here expecting good food, it's just something to fill your stomach so you won't die of starvation. Italian fast food, mall food court quality.
great food, decent prices, and a cute restaurant. ill definitely come back!
I love love their bead and this orange dipping sauce. I usually order the penne pasta with meat sauce and extra shrimp. Their meat sauce is DELICIOUS. I love dipping the yummy bread into the meat sauce. I've gotten their frozen raviolis and they aren't good. I would stick to eating there and not buying any of their pre-packaged or frozen items.
This place has pretty good pasta & they are always consistent.  I usually order the cheese ravs with the meat sauce or the pesto sauce.  I LOVE their ravs and sauce.. always fresh & tasty.  My bf has gotten the lasagna, fettuccine alfredo, and the meat ravs in the past and they were all really good.  Also, the prices are pretty reasonable.  Overall, this place is good & we will definitely be coming back for more ravs.  =)
I usually love Italian food and nearly always finish everything on my plate, this however was not the case with the food they served me. The pasta was watery and tasted awful. It wasn't cheap either.
OK so it's not the fanciest italian restaurant around but it provides basic italian food.  The pasta food portions are reasonable.  The bread portions are large.  The side salad is large. Kid meals are tiny. I prefer their daily specials over anything on their standard menu. I see a lot of people ordering to take out so that is also an option. Oh, and BTW it's right next to another pizza/pasta joint (higher end) so if you don't like the look of the Pasta Market, you can just go next door.
Most of the food is acceptable for take-out. Don't order the gnocci (so overcooked it could barely stay on my fork). The portions are good, but if you don't like what you're eating, is it worth it?
I used Pasta Market in Mountain View, to cater my son's high school basketball teams end of year banquet.  I was very pleased with the service, the food and the price.  All I had to do was tell them the date, time, place, what food I wanted and how many people.  They delivered the food on time and set everything up.  They brought chafing dishes, filled them with water and lit the sterno underneath, set out serving utensils and condiments and left us the warming boxes with the extra food trays.  All we had to do was return the chafing dishes by the next day. We ordered the caesar salad, tortellini with alfredo sauce, lasagna and breadsticks.  The servings were generous and no one left hungry.  Everyone had some of each.  Keep in mind, this is not gourmet food but it was very tasty.  The boys especially liked the breadsticks. If you are looking for large quantities of good food at a reasonable price with great service- try Pasta Market.
This was my 2nd visit here in 2 years. I went to lunch with a few co-workers. Upon entering and checking the menu, there was no greeting and atmosphere was pretty drab.The menu on the wall was extremely confusing, ie. pricing, lack of order, etc. The lady taking our order just stood there and gave no idea as to specials or no offer to help in any way. You order and pay before being seated, so I wanted to use my entertainment book coupon and was covering for three of us. The manager, who was also just standing there behind the counter with nothing about him that said "Welcome, may we offer..." At any rate, after placing our orders, the mgr. took my coupon and said $49.00 much to my surprise. When I shouted to him "how is that possible, did you discount the coupon? He then replied, "that's $29.00". I looked at my two co-workers and asked, "did I hear him wrong the first time?" They both heardr the same as I did. BTW- the food was just (ok), there was quite a bit though. Nothing impressive!!
where else can you get a STEAMING heap of pasta bolognese with some fresh bread on the side for $6 and change?  my pasta did not look appealing, and it was kinda salty, but the bread was delicious and the food was hot and filled me up and didnt make me feel ill afterwards.  plus i had enough to snack on again later.
Another one of my Silicon Valley lunch spots. I've read a few reviews on this place and I can understand where people are coming from. Yeah, it would sure be nice to be waited on, get served, and pay a bill. Unforunately, that's not the case. You walk into a pretty nice enviornment and immediately stand in line to place an order. It really sucks when you're behind someone who can't figure out what they want. You order from a menu one the wall, get a total, pay (tip optional), and get a number to put on your table. If you opt for fountain drinks, you'll have to get your own virtually unlimited soda. Shortly after, lunch arrives. I'm not big on Italian food so my standards are simple; good or bad. Personally, I think it's pretty damn good. My selection in Italian carbohydrates if pretty limited to Spaghetti and Meatballs with meat sauce. They offer either breadsticks or garlic bread and you can't go wrong with either. Good lunch place, but for the cost, we really should get waited on.
