Bistro Maxine is definitely a really cute place. It was a lot smaller than I expected. There're probably five? tables inside and one table outside. The aroma of the place was definitely interesting though, so be aware of that when you first walk in. It started off pleasant but ended up being a bit nauseating. Anyways, I ordered the Citron Crepe and my friend had the Banane crepe. MMM :) Soooo goood! I'm not sure why I got the Citron Crepe when I'm really not that big of a lemon juice lover, but the crepe was covered in honey, and that coupled with the whipped cream on the side made the lemon juice bearable and delicious. The crepes themselves were a pretty large size so you definitely get your money's worth. The texture of the crepe itself is really soft and fluffy and my goodness I'm definitely coming back for more crepes! My friend also enjoyed his Banane crepe. ALSO THE WHIPPED CREAM. I'm not sure if they make it there or if it's bought, but it is SO good. I'm normally not a big fan of whipped cream because I think it's just too heavy, but their's was super light and delicious and just complimented the place really well. Overall, I think this is one of the best places to get crepes around the area. I've tried Crepevine before but it just wasn't as soft and fluffy as the one from Bistro Maxine. Bistro Maxine is definitely really small and cozy though. I'm still not a fan of the aroma of the place so I might grab a crepe to go next time. It's also pretty cheap too :) tldr; go go ! best place in the area (so far that I've found) for crepes!
my friend and i ate lunch here today.  the menu reminded me of my favorite crepe place on Ile Saint-Louis in Paris, right down to the cidre.  the service was great, and the crepes we ordered to share (savory: Mont St-Michel and Cevenole, sweet: Banane Nutella ) were tres magnifique! the coffee is good and strong, too.  the only disappointment, which i didn't really figure out until after i paid the bill and left a generous tip, is that i was overcharged by about $10. of course, i calculated my 20% tip off of the total bill, so at the end of the day, i dropped a lot more than i should have.  my fault for trusting the bill was correct...bummer, this leaves a bad taste in my mouth... go for the food, but study the bill closely so don't overpay, too.
Table are walnut, and fabulous.   Smallest french place been to.   Great food.   Coffee art is the best anywhere that have seen. Wi-fi is in a localized canyon.   The adjacent Cardinal is pay WI-fi.
Yummy.  Absolutely loved it, great prices, HUGE portions, yummy crepes. They even has a deal on T-Th nights! It's a small "hole in the wall" type restaurant that I've considered keeping a secret so it doesn't get too crowded the next time I go
Cute, quaint little shop that is perfect for a morning brunch to catch up with friends. Not as popular as its competitor Crepevine, but it offers an ambiance that is so vastly different from Crepevine. They have an open kitchen so you can watch as your crepe is being made, as well as nice little tables outside. Not a lot of room though, only about 6 small tables inside the shop. Also, they have "No Computer" signs around the store to remind you that this is a cafe to talk with friends, NOT to work on your computer. Their crepes were really good - I got the Forestiere (after doing some research on Yelp) and the banana nutella crepe to split with a friend. The Forestiere was good, but nothing special. However, the banana nutella crepe was simply divine. The perfect mix of nutella/banana with the thin crepe. The homemade whipped cream on the side of the banana nutella crepe was also delicious, and I loved its consistency.  Also, their crepes are served as nice, neat squares, which makes it a lot easier to eat them. I also saw other people drinking huge cups of hot chocolate that I want to go and try out next time. :)
I was happy to finally get to try this place after wanting to come here for a long time. I am a huge, huge gigantic crepes fan so anywhere that is serving up a good crepe I am totally there! This place was a lot smaller than I thought, and basically served a very simple, very French style menu including sandwiches and salads as well as savory crepes. They have some cute details in there that are reminiscent of what I think a little French cafe would look like. The waitress / hostess was nice, sweet and gave us lots of time to decide on what we wanted. They had a Yelp deal and was nice enough to wait for us to buy it to use it! I really enjoyed my banana and nutella crepe but would love to try a simpler variety like the lemon one later on. Totally recommended.
Delicious French crepes. Just pick any savory combination you like. The mushrooms are a bit too strong flavored to me though. Tried the Josephine crepe which liquor also a bit too strong. Banana nutella was good. Eat the sweet crepes with whipped cream.
I haven't been to this place for a while. It used to be be of my favorites before crepevine opened. This time I went back there, the crepe didn't taste as great as it used to be. It's so thick, like 2-3 mm, that I couldn't finished them all...just too much load of carb. The ham was very salty and the egg wasn't a fried egg like I saw in many review but a beaten egg lightly coated all over the crape. it's ok but not what I expected.
I got the Reine crepe (with buckwheat batter, not regular) and it was good. There wasn't a whole lot of egg or ham in it, but it was not bad in the end. The salad it came with had too much dressing on it, so I didn't finish it. I got the strawberry jam crepe for dessert, which was pretty much what you'd expect.  I helped my friend finish her Nutella/banana crepe, which was reallyyyyy good. It's hard to go wrong with Nutella.
Love this place. Ive been here a few times now and I love the service, love the food and the atmosphere. The place is small but charming. I love their Sucre crepes with strawberries and nutella on the side. This leads me to the service. Every time Ive gone there, it was the same young lady working there. She is super nice and helpful. She suggested the strawberries since it wasn't on the menu. Since then, every time we go, she remembers us and acknowledges us. Quick service and very pleasant. Id definitely recommend this place as a hidden place in Palo Alto.
Authentically French, down to somewhat leisurely service. They were very accommodating to our large group (6) and sat us outside for more privacy. We held a baby shower there and everyone was pleased with their food. Merci for hosting us, bistro Maxine!
Yummy dessert crepes. It's a small cafe, very cozy. Friendly service. We'll be back the next time we have a crepe craving.
4 adults, 1 tot and a dog took up their 2 tables on the sidewalk. Very good service. Huge cup of mocha came with the cutest design on foam. The ham and brie sandwich would have been better if the baguette wasn't as hard. The chestnut puree crepe was good but after a while I got overwhelmed by the sweetness.
Good dessert crepes.  Love the small, intimate setting.  My friend also had a chai tea and my daughter had a hot chocolate.  I tried both and found them to be very tasty.  Definately would go back for dessert after a nice dinner in Palo Alto.
Croque Monsieur is insane!! And the arugula salad and pommes frites are also amazing! A friend had the chicken, and that looked DELICIOUS. You definitely can't go wrong with anything on the menu. I give the food a 5+, but the customer service was inconsistent... My waitress was AWESOME, but the hostess said there were no tables available and there would be a 30 minute+ wait, and a busboy heard this and explained they have a free table right outside, which turned out to be in front of the walgreens toilet paper display. Besides the unknowledgeable hostess, the place is great!! I just went there for a casual meal and because the food was so great and prices are good, I still gave this a 5. Make sure to get an extra order of pommes frites!
Came to Bistro Maxine and bought the $15 for $7.50 Yelp Deal. I probably would never have come here if it wasn't for the deal. (I also wanted to try this place since my French coworker recommended this restaurant.) The restaurant is very small and can barely fit five tables; nevertheless, I still enjoyed the cozy atmosphere. My bf and I shared a ham+spinach+cheese crepe along with a salmon (Paysan) sandwich. Each entree came with a side salad that was served with a tasty dressing. The main entrees weren't too memorable. It's nothing special compared to what I have tried elsewhere. I wish I had ordered one entree and one sweet crepe. The savory crepes are served in large portions, which you can easily split. Next time i visit i'll probably be ordering something sweet from their menu.
AMBIANCE: Tiny space.  There are maybe 6 tables (guesstimate, I didn't actually count), and they're really crammed in.  Thankfully MM and I chose to dine here at an off-peak time (random weekday morning), so it was relatively empty.  It has a cute/cozy cafe feel, but at the same time, there is nothing that really sets it apart from other small coffee shops. SERVICE: The lone waitress was friendly, but I felt like she rushed us. FOOD: - Forestiere: Sounded great on paper - egg, ham, Swiss cheese and mushrooms.  Unfortunately the crepe was completely bland, and the egg was horribly overcooked.  It would've been so much better if the yolk were runny.  Sadness.  The crepe itself was a bit too rubbery for my tastes, and lacked any crispiness.  Disappointing all around.  The fruit that came with the crepe was ok. OVERALL:  The search for an authentic French creperie continues.  I probably won't be returning.
One of the worst crepe places I have ever been too. Fatty contents that are not tasty at all. Cramped location and horrible food makes this place barely worth it, even with a Yelp deal.
NOT AUTHENTIC. darn you yelp reviewers for getting me excited about this place, so anti-climatic. I ordered the Maxine crepe which was ok, but lacked flavour. The hot chocolate came with green-dyed whipped cream which put me off. I also don't get the point- whipped cream is awesome as it is! Anyway, it came in a bowl which was cool, but it was also not hot enough....more like tepid. Honestly ok, but not worth the money. Check out Douce France if you're looking for a French cafe.
Bistro Maxine feels more like somebody's house than a business or restaurant.  This is has the smallest dining room I've ever seen.  Literally 3-4 tables, maybe?  It is very cute and quaint, and the staff is extremely nice and friendly.  They have both savory and sweet crepes.  Food is good, prices are decent considering it's in downtown Palo Alto, but the kitchen can be slow, which is hard to understand given there are only a few tables in the whole place.  If they can get their act together in that regard, they'd get 5 stars.
5 stars for being the place I went with my boyfriend for our first date, even though my stomach was so full of butterflies that I couldn't eat much. Nostalgia trumps all.
This bistro definitely reminds me of my days in Paris.  It is very small but cozy.  There are about 5 tables inside the bistro and 2 tables outside for good weather days.  There are a series of food on the menu from crepes, quiches, and omelettes. I ordered the sugar and butter crepe for a light snack and it was delicious!  The batter was thin and was fresh unlike other places who make the batter so thick like you are eating dough. Definitely I want to try their coffee or hot chocolates there next time to drink out of a bowl basically! It looks so cute!
Had a crepe suzette here. It came out pretty quick and was huge. The mixture of the orange juice and lemon juice was justt right but the crepe was a little too chewy for me.
crepes not as crispy as i usually prefer. tried the tomate on buckwheat. liked the buckwheat and mushrooms, but the balsamic vinegar reduction was a bit too sweet. the salad that came with it was well-dressed and tasty. service is very french. coffee is just ok. small shop. not too busy. decent, but nothing to write home about.
Bistro Maxine is certainly one of the best creperies around, far, far, FAR better than the vaunted Crepevine. In fact, it may just be THE best creperie around. The restaurant itself is very small, and unassuming from the outside. Located next to an equally unassuming barber shop, the restaurant could quite easily be missed if you weren't looking for it. When you walk in, though, the simple elegance of the restaurant really makes you feel at home. Bistro Maxine has a Parisian feel to it. Small, circular, marble tables are available throughout the restaurant, and simple chairs adorn the restaurant. French paintings are hung on the walls, and specials are announced in chalk on a blackboard. Service is very helpful and friendly, very willing to give advice as you work your way through the menu. The food comes out efficiently, and it's really prepared quite well. In particular, the Josephine (which is bananas served with Grand Marnier) and the Malicieuse (which is oranges and chocolate served with Cointreau) are just fantastic. The liqueurs just add a little extra flavor to the crepe's sauces. Wonderful! Overall, this is definitely a place worth a trip to, particularly if you're looking for a good crepe in the area. For that, Bistro Maxine is definitely the way to go.
Went here with my darling bff today. She'd been before, but it was my first time. We shared a cup of the butternut squash soup. It was the best butternut squash soup I've ever had. Ever. I'd come back for the soup alone. I got a chicken and mushroom crepe with creme fraiche, and it was fantastic. Service was great. The man running the place not only knew the names of the people who came in, but also their order. That's the kinda place I want to go. You rock, Bistro Maxine.
I love Croque Madames and went to check there's out.  It was the most gross Croque madame that I had. The bread was dry, the egg was completely cooked on top and was just plain all around bad.  I didn't even bother to eat most of it just the cheese on top.  I'm better of trying to make it at home. Also, the female cook was kind off scary she looked like she just got out of some work release program.
My boyfriend and I went here yesterday.  We were so excited to try the Croque Monsier and it was not that good.  For $10, we could have gotten 2 tasty Vietnamese sandwiches.  There was a LONG wait for a bowl of soup that we were told was already made and the sandwich was on what could have been Wonder bread.  The Latte that came in a bowl-like cup was the only thing good about this place.  Go a few doors down to a popular coffee place called Coupa Cafe that seems always packed and has the best Chai drinks.  We should've went there.  Their ham and cheese croissant is only $3 and they sell chocolate from one of  my favorite chocolatiers in San Diego named Chuao.
A crepe place with character! And you always get something good if you check in on Yelp (prix fixe meals, free drink, etc.). Tiny spot with capacity for maybe 15 people inside and 4 outside. Delicious crepes made traditionally. Get the buckwheat! Drinks are delicious and come in large soup bowls. Friendly service, and a welcome alternative to the mass market crepe places like Crepevine.
Cozy, but tiny cafe (only about 5 tables inside, and not a whole lot of breathing space). I ordered the ham and swiss crepe along with a spicy hot chocolate. The hot chocolate came in a bowl, with a pretty chocolate and froth swirled pattern painted on top. It was so pretty! I could taste the heat of the cayenne in the drink, which was great. I wish I could say that the chocolate flavor of the drink lived up to its successful presentation. I like my hot chocolate drinks to be super rich, with a pure chocolate-y taste, and this hot chocolate was definitely lacking. Too bad. The ham and swiss crepe was a decent size, but not huge, served on a plate with a small bed of shredded romaine lettuce and a few diced tomatoes. I'm not sure what they dressed the salad with, but I felt that my salad was a bit overdressed, making it overwhelmingly acidic. The crepe itself was also decent - crisp and evenly golden brown on the outside, but not about to burst with fillings. I was actually a bit disappointed by my crepe's apparent wimpyness at first glance, but crepe dough is quite filling, so it's all good. I definitely agree with other reviewers that there are better creperies out there. But, I guess if I'm in the area and I feel like sitting down in a tight cozy setting, I might come here again. I'll have to try a sweet crepe next time, and pass on the hot chocolate for a coffee.
This crepe shop is my favorite place for brunch on a sunny morning!  Unfortunately there are only two coveted tables on the sidewalk; if you snag one, they are perfect for watching the quiet bustle of the foot traffic on the weekends.  Inside, the restaurant is small; so it will not seat many people. The menu has a good selection of crepes salees as well as crepes sucres; which are not only delicious, but also well presented.  The waiters are quick to bring you water and take your order; and the drinks come in nice large cups that resemble bowls.  Overall, a fantastic find for breakfast or brunch!
If you're looking for a great crepe, sweet or savory, this is the place. Bistro Maxine is  one of my favorite restaurants in Palo Alto. The closest thing to crepes you'll get in France that I've found on the Peninsula. CrepeVine, Bistro Maxine's much larger and impersonal competitor, serves what I suppose you could call California's idea of a crepe, certainly not France's. The atmosphere in Bistro Maxine's is calm, relaxed, on the quiet side of average in noise-level, and they have discreet little signs that read "No Laptops" which I love.  The dessert crepes as well as the savory crepes are great. You can get buckwheat or regular and if you like, make up your own combination of ingredients as I do. The wines are reasably priced. The red Rhone and one of the sparkling wines on lazy weekends won't let you down. The staff are friendly, genuine, and accomodating. If you frequent Bistro Maxine's more than once, twice for sure, they'll almost surely remember you. Imagine feeling your patronage is actually appreciated ! I don't live in Palo Alto, but make the trip from the northern Peninsula, especially on Saturdays by motorbike, as often as I can. It's becoming a habit I very much look forward to.
This is such a cozy and cute little bistro right in the heart of downtown Palo Alto.  I've been craving crepe lately so I decided to have lunch with my friends here in Palo Alto.   I had read that this place is small so I made sure to arrive early to get a table for us.  This is within walking distance of the Westin,  where I was staying. Upon arrival, there was not too many patrons but soon others trickled in. Since there is one chef, expect to wait a little for your food.  Take advantage of the ambience by having a glass of wine (usually $8) or coffee or hot chocolate. For my savory crepe, I was undecided and went with the Nordic crepe since I love smoked salmon.  To me the smoked salmon was a bit too salty and the balance of flavor was not there. For my sweet crepe, I ordered a simple cinnamon, sugar, and butter crepe.  This was actually pretty good. My friends enjoyed their crepe.  Our server was friendly. However, I prefer Bistro 29 in Santa Rosa for their crepe. I am still a fan of this cute little bistro.
Get: Maxine WITH ham or some meat Quaint place. Slower service but understandable because notamy employees and small. The hot chocolates are really big and pretty but I wasn't blown away by the flavor. The butternut squash soup was really good especially with the bread. Super hot and a little thick and sweet. The crepes are available as buckwheat or gluten free which is nice. I got the Maxine - spinach ad cheese and mushrooms and egg. The Maxine was good. Buckwheat was nice. It would have been perfect with some ham in there to add a little more flavor. But it was healthy. My moms had ham and hence more flavorful. Overall very good.
Crepes are really yummy, service is good. Location is kind of small though...
Tasty food! I would recommend sharper knifes tho, it's a bit hard to cut the crepes with a dull butter knife ;)
I've been hearing raves about this place from Donna . Beautiful ambiance and very cozy. The crepes were delicious.  We ordered the Reinette  which we shared since we had a full dinner earlier.  Also tried the Suzette which is fabulous.  But after our table tried the suzette (2 out of 5) liked the Suzette.  I like orange and citrus flavor food stuff.   Would love to try their Nutella versions next time.
This place was delicous. The staff is very friendly. It felt like home. Thats if your home was in Paris. :-) I was here last week for dinner with someone special. I loved the intimacy of the bistro. Its the perfect place to take a date. The food was delicous and Shirelle the chef did a fantastic job. I will definately go here again.
Bistro Maxine is by far the best Crepe place I have found on the peninsula. The quality of the food is great and they are flexible about what and how you order. For example, I have customized my own crepe aptly named "The Adam", I highly recommend it. The best part is that I don't even have to order any more, I walk in and they know what I like. That's great service in my book. Plus, they carry high quality coffee from local boutique roaster "Barefoot Coffee Roasters" and the Barista's are very skilled. The only downfall is the size, that coupled with the popularity of the place can mean having to wait for a table. I have a great tip though, call ahead of time and reserve a table, especially if you have 4 or more people.
I've only been to this place a few times, because it's so far from where I live, but WOAH NELLY every time I go, my experiences have gotten better and better! The only downside to Bistro Maxine is that it's EXTREMELY tiny! It has like literally 3 tables inside, because it's downtown, parking is scarce, but very minor complaints in comparison to the ups! Very polite fast service and... Recently, I was in that, "Imma slap someone if I don't get somethin sweet" mood.  And my hubbs told me,  I know just where to take you.  He took me to Bistro Maxine.   I got a Nutella, Strawberry, Banana filled crepe, and he got an apple cinnamon crepe both accompanied by freshly made thick whipped cream.  I have to admit it, his was better then mine, but they were soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo sooooooooooooooooooooo soooooooooooooooooooooooooooo soooooooooooooooo good! Perfect ratio of sweet, chocolate spread, with the slightly sourness of the strawberries! The crepe itself, was utter perfection! I want one this very moment as I reflect on such deliciousness.  It was just what the doctor ordered for a pregnant lady!  4 and 1/2 stars!
This place is adorably quaint. The restaurant is small, holding 4-5 tables, with a few more tables outside. The waitress also helps cook, and the kitchen is very much visible and clean! The food is very good and well priced for what it is. The menu is basic with $10 crepes and salads on average, and the portions are ample in size with high quality ingredients. Overall it feels like a tiny European cafe, and is very romantic. I look forward to returning many, many times!
I am sorry to say that I am a bit disappointed by the crepes here. I heard good things about this little cafe and I really expected more. The crepes are thick and very doughy. Ordered two savory crepes and a sweet one to share. Reine is your typical ham, cheese, egg and tomato crepe. Could use a bit more tomato to balance the drier texture of this crepe. Nordique is too salty. The smoked salmon is already very rich. The super salty cream of gorgonzola made it too overwhelming. Pomme Cannelle Caramel was good but quite sugary. It could be a struggle to finish one by myself. The latte looks really good (Barefoot coffee!) and it is served in a huge cup/bowl. Unfortunately I didn't get to try it. Service wasn't bad and I like the small and cozy ambiance. You can sit outdoor if the weather is nice. Reservation recommended for larger parties as the restaurant is really tiny.
Best crepes in Palo Alto! Charming, intimate French bistro boasting delightful crepes and a very friendly and inviting staff.  Excellent place to meet friends or for a light dinner.
My hubby and I recently came back from a trip to Paris and wanted to compare these crepes to the "real deal" that we experienced overseas. This was a quaint, hole-in-the-wall location.  There are only 4 tables for 2 and 2 tables for 4 in this restaurant.  We arrived before the big dinner rush.  We both were pleased with the crepes - a little thicker than the ones in Paris, but very tasty and came with a large crisp salad.  We were even more excited about the sucre dessert crepe we ordered, which came with whipped cream that tasted like vanilla ice cream. We would definitely go back - quick service and quality crepes.
I love this place.  The food is great, the atmosphere is little, homey and quiet. This is not a rush place so if you are looking for in and out let them know. I love the Salmon crepe and the soup du jour is usually superb!
Really want to like this place, BUT....went here Saturday afternoon. Only one other table of 2 people there. Guys in the open kitchen were fooling around, so they didn't even start making our order until 10 minutes after we ordered. (Open kitchen - here's a hint - we can SEE you). Then while we were still waiting they divided out the money in the tip jar, including the cook, and no one washed their hands. Yuck.
This is THE place to go for crepes in downtown Palo Alto.  Charming French atmosphere, great menu of sweet and savory crepes, salad, wine etc.  They are limited on space, but I've gone at 6 pm and had no problem getting a table.  Fast or average service.  Very friendly staff.  I pretty much never drink wine, but they have a great Viognier.  THEY CAN ALSO MAKE GLUTEN-FREE CREPES! The only drawback is they don't have a restroom, but you can go next door at the hotel.
Since some of my friends went there said it's not that good, I think I should speak for it...I guess they just didn't order the right one. Though they have lots of different kinds of things on the menu: chicken, salmon, etc...but the "very Paris" recommendation is--get the ones with ham!--In particular: Jambon Fromage & Forestiere.  Personally, Forestiere is my favorite of all savory crepes! Yum yum! The side salad sometimes doesn't look so good, but since I don't eat it anyway, don't really care.:P For the sweet ones, i used to like the one simply with sugar a lot in France, now I kinda switched to Nutella, and stick with it...not much reasons, just some memories from Paris. Love to combine the Salee and Sucree with a big bowl of Cafe au Lait... and enjoying them outside in a sunny afternoon...Life is good!
Went there for first time by random chance. We were looking for some waffle for afternoon snack, but... Read more 
Bistro Maxine was completely empty on the Saturday evening we stopped by--that should have been our first clue. Service was fast (unsurprising, since we were the only ones there), but the food was incredibly bland. Maybe the sweet crepes are better, but I was wholly unimpressed by our savory choices. The accompanying salad looked awful, and the dressing tasted storebought. The drinks (le cidre et un kir royale) were pretty good. In sum, the food didn't taste *bad*, but I certainly won't be coming back. There've got to be better creperies in the area.
Their food is good, especially the crepes. If you prefer vegetarian fillings like me, I would suggest the Tomate crepe. They don't skimp on the mushrooms and tomatoes, and the balsamic drizzle on top definitely adds a touch to the already delicious crepe dough. I've had both their French Onion and the Butternut Squash soup and both are made with fresh ingredients and just right, not too salty. Those two soups can be hit-and-miss at restaurants, but I've had consistently good quality every time I've been there. The only downside to eating here is be prepared to walk out smelling like the oil/grill :(
I'll preface this and say that I'm no crepe expert, but as someone who quite impartial on crepes, I thought this place was delicious. My friend and I split 2 crepes, one savory and one sweet. We started with the savory, the Maxine and it was quite good. Then we had the sweet, the banana and nutella and it was great! I felt like the amount of nutella to banana was good. Would come back to try more :)
I used to stop here regularly for breakfast before work.  I love the salmon and capers crepes.. Lovely and fresh and a perfect sized reasonably healthy meal just before work.  Also, the cafe inside is certainly a big reminder of France.. love it!!
They have some amazing crepes here, and the service is decent as well. Both their savory and sweet crepes are good, but I suggest trying the Crepe Suzette in all its orange syrupy glory. If you decide to order the savory Crepe Complet (egg, cheese, and Ham), make sure you indicate you want the egg to be runny, as they don't do that by default unfortunately (it is better runny with a crepe). Though more leg space wouldn't hurt, the lack thereof adds to its charm. Street parking is almost non-existant in Palo Alto, so park in the garage nearby. It's definitely worth trying a few times.
I came upon this jewel in Downtown Palo Alto two days ago after waking up one morning on a day off with a craving for Crepes. Jumping on Yelp! I searched for local spots and saw great reviews for this tiny French bistro. I sat down at one of five small tables inside and ordered a latte and a banana crepe then started a new book while I waited. The latte was straight out of a classic French flim: a bowl filled with creamy espresso with a beautiful design and a happy face made out of foam to top it off. It was almost too beautiful to drink! I eventually mustered up the courage to destroy the masterpiece, and it tasted better than it looked. The crepe was outstanding, too - but who am I kidding. I'm a sucker for bananas and sugar. It was such a delightful way to start my morning I woke up extra early today just so I could relive the experience. I fear I might have developed a new addiction to this yellow-walled cafe, so I caution you to beware before you go: it's amazing!
We read very good reviews about this place and decided to visit this place for brunch. A pretty nice, small and cozy place; we sat outside and ordered coffee, banana and chocolate crepe and Forestiere. The service was excellent; ambiance was comforting and the food was great! Wonderful experience and we would definitely come back!
Love this place. Really really good crepes. I came here with a friend for lunch and we split a ratatouille crepe with goat cheese and a nutella crepe with bananas and strawberries. The Nutella crepe was delicious, but frankly, those are hard to mess up. The real star was the ratatouille crepe. The ratatouille was tangy and delicious and the goat cheese complemented it perfectly. This location is very tiny. It only seats about 10 people so you may have to wait a little while for a table if you go in the evening.
Located in downtown Palo Alto, Bistro Maxine is a very small little bistro with a French/Euro flare.  I don't know all about the different kinds of crepe's but apparently Bistro Maxine serves authentic French crepes along with some interesting espresso drinks. I went there for dessert so I ordered a Banana Nutella (love nutella!!!) crepe.  Average size with a fantastic taste - cooked to perfection!  I also ordered a mocha that came in a huge bowl (I guess this is how the French drink their mocha?).  Besides the unusually large "bowl" of mocha, the quality and taste of the mocha was probably the best I've ever had. From what I've tasted these guys are true "specialilsts" of crepes and espresso's.  A perfect place to visit after dinner in downtown Palo Alto. I'm sure I'll be back soon!!!
We came here for breakfast after reading the great reviews, particularly because other Yelpers pics looked so darn good! We ordered: Hot chocolate - best one I've ever had AND it's huge and served in a bowl! I'm normally a cafe latte person, but I had to order this because of the reviews. Thick and rich and milky... yummy! I'm so glad I did! Cafe Mocha - my husband ordered this and I have to see this is the best mocha I've ever had as well! I will have to try the latte next time, since that's what I normally order, but I don't know if I can finish that and a hot chocolate! heehee! Croque Madame (sliced bread, ham, cheese with a sunny side up egg on top) - This was excellent! Although this grilled-cheese-like sammy was MINE (lol!), we ended up sharing because it was perfection! Needless to say, we became instant fans! Crepe Forestiere (egg, ham, Swiss cheese, mushrooms) - Very good. Although we enjoyed it, I think it needed something... but not sure what? Squeeze of lemon maybe or more cheese?!! Crepe Pomme Cannelle Caramel (apples, cinnamon, caramel) - WOW! This was a wonderful end to our meal! Sticky and sweet with a great fruity crunch! Yum! Couple of reasons this place doesn't get 5 stars from me: 1) very small - I'm all for quaint and cozy but on a busy day, which would mean once the 5 tables are full, it's not so cozy anymore. 2) service is spotty - they are very friendly and drinks/dishes were served promptly. But, we asked twice for water, but water never came. Even though the place wasn't full when we arrived, it took awhile to get our orders in. At least 10 min. Hello, there are only 5 tables and didn't I just say they weren't full when we arrived? ;) 4 stars and we will be back! Too bad there's not enough room to bring the kiddos, otherwise we would be regulars here! Guess that's good for my waistline though! Ha!
I liked this place a lot. Pretty small but I think that adds something to the place. I had one of their breakfast crepes and I was really liking the batter. Thin but at the same time fluffy and had some just good flavor to it. It wasn't crispy like other places and it wasn't a waffle. I saw hot chocolate on their menu and a spicy one too. I just assumed it was similar to coopas next door. Plus it was hot so I didn't get it. But the people at the next table got it and I noticed it as I saw a noodle bowl brought to their table ... but no noodles. Just hot chocolate. I saw the barrista making it but I was like what the heck is she doing. This thing looked intense. The place gives off that baking smell too. It sounds dumb but you would be surprised at how many "bakeries" in the area don't and claim to have fresh baked goods ... but they are from so and so. Overall I will give it another try.
Where to begin.... I had so many wonderful dishes at this place one of them the best butternut squash soup I've ever tasted, their vinaigrette dressing is out of this world , I even ask what was in it because it was so delicious. The nutella banana crepe is fantastic, my mocha arrived on a big bowl creamy and yummy !
Butternut squash soup was fairly thick and creamy. I do wonder if they put butter and/or cream. Very very filling.. Also, oddly enough a cup and bowl don't seem THAT different in size, but cup was $4 and bowl $6. Or so it seemed.. Anyway, the side salad had a yummy dressing. We shared a Tomate crepe (buckwheat). Somehow I was expecting tomato sauce IN the crepe, but apparently I'd misread that. The balsamic reduction was delicious, but the crepe overall was too dry. And I also thought the spinach would've been cooked.. Oh well.
I had a really good experience here even though we had to wait about 10 min to sit down. It's a super tiny place with 3 2-people tables and 2 4-people tables. I think there are also a couple tables outside but it was a cold and rainy day so that was not an option. There was a cook and 2 wait staff. Very nice and friendly peeps. I was very interested in the chestnut puree crepe but also wanted some banana so they was accommodated my request and made me a banana & chestnut puree crepe (buckwheat crepe). It really hit the spot! Not too sweet, slightly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside mmmmm. I was amused by the huge servings of latte in what I would call soup bowls. They were very strong too, much better than Starbucks though I do like my Starbucks lattes. The egg, ham, Swiss and mushroom crepe was pretty good too. I want to go back and try the Brie/apple/walnut crepe!!
wonderful in so many ways.  i've never been to france, but i imagine that this is how the coffee shops there must look. the service has always been friendly and attentive.  the drinks are a deal and come in huge cups that you can hold with both hands.  the crepes are amazing and you can even look over to see how they make it. all in all, my favorite coffee shop near campus.
The Background: A tiny, cozy restaurant that is a great breakfast/brunch place with great service and really good food. The Positives: The food here is great.  I haven't tried anything but the crepes, but they're fantastic and come in buckwheat.  In addition, the tiny space it has makes everything seem very cozy.  Finally, the service here is phenomenal, very friendly staff who tries to make everything work out The Negatives: The place is tiny so when there are more than 5-6 parties, you'll have to wait for a table.
I only had the cafe latte but it was a godsend. They serve Barefoot coffee beans and do a good job with it. I originally went to Coupa Cafe, ordered a breve latte and had to literally spit it out, it was that bad. Moral of the story, if you want decent coffee, skip Coupa and go directly to Bistro Maxine.
What a gem in Palo Alto! I ordered the crepe with eggs, cheese, ham and mushrooms and it was bomb. My bf ordered the strawberry crepe and added nutella. His was freaking bomb. We shared both crepes and were in heaven sitting outside on a beautiful day. Also ordered the hot chocolate which came in a mug the size of my mug (head.. haha!) and it was ohhh soo delicious! Service was fast, efficient and very friendly. I will definitely return :).
After riding... S.O. and I were a tad bit short on fuel. I was thinking of just getting pastries ... but the spot that we were going to check out was packed... so we opted here. We got seated inside... and we both ordered the Croque-Madame... plus he had to get the butternut squash. I also ordered an iced soy mocha but it didn't taste the same as the hot. Didn't have much kick to it. However... the Croque-Madame was delish! Crunchy... decent amount of ham and overall... I officially became a fan. Friendly servers... definitely our go-to spot for a nice Sunday brunch.
Since I haven't had crepes in a long time... and since this is in the S.O.'s hood... I told him I... Read more 
I decided to give this place a try after reading the reviews from Yelp- the place was a little smaller than I had anticipated but very cozy and quaint- I just stopped by for dessert. Anyways, so the wait staff were very friendly and the place was really cute- there weren't a lot of choices for sweet crepes and the prices were a little high. I ordered the banana nutella crepe and my boyfriend ordered the orange juice crepe. The crepes weren't bad- and the portions were bigger than I had expected but for some reason, the orange juice crepe was SUPER sour and it actually tasted more like lemon juice- it wasn't really that great. My banana nutella was pretty good but I'm not sure about the crepe batter- everything about the crepe was sweet- the banana, the nutella, and the whip cream but I would randomly get pangs of salt in the mix- I ate a piece of the crepe and it seems the crepe itself is rather salty- somehow the salt just kind of offset the whole taste experience. Overall, it's not a bad place- but certainly not the best crepes I've ever had- I would recommend for people to try it because it's such a quaint spot and the staff are so friendly but I think it's a pretty big exaggeration for people to say it's the best crepe place.
Went to a brunch to celebrate hubby birthday with the inlaws. The place is super tiny  with maybe 2 tables for 4 and 3 tables for 2 inside. This review is for the savory crepes we all had, 2 forestiere and 2 jambom with mushroom. They were good, a little bit on the dry side though. At first I though the crepes were on the small side but I was very wrong.  They looked small but they were very filling! The salad that accompanied  with the crepe was good, but it did have a strong mustard favor which I am not a huge fan of. Would like to try a sweet crepe one day and base my reviews on that. The place gets really crowded, by the time we left, the place feel a little too cramped. Great coffees!
A little piece of France in my backyard here. Cute little cafe off of University Ave in Palo Alto. Stop by for a crepe or a great cup of Barefoot Coffee. Really nice service and lunch at a great affordable price. For a second, I was swept away to the streets of Paris.
I've been to here two times now, and the second time i brought a couple of friends because I liked the dessert crepes that much. The service has been GREAT both times, and they're very helpful with choosing a dish that you might like. My friend tried their cappuccino and said it wasnt bad (just "normal"). I have crepe with nutella and fresh strawberries and my friend had crepe with nutella, fresh strawberries, and fresh bananas. My friends were mixed on the deliciousness of the crepes; but I thought it was made perfectly. It was soft yet had a tough of crispy-crunchiness. The dessert crepes also came with whipped cream and powered sugar. But, don't take my word for it! Go out there and try it for yourself!
A tiny restaurant with exactly 5 small tables inside, this place is more than just a cozy crepe spot.  It has this family feel that you won't find at many restaurants of any size.  One of the cooks is this huge guy with tattoos and is as nice as your next door neighbor.  There was also a pretty girl with a nose-ring who was just as nice. The wait was a little long (about 15 minutes) but they made sure that we knew they wouldn't forget us.  I just read the paper until a table opened up.  They couldn't in a place that small anyway, but still, they kept giving us a heads up on the status of the tables. My ham, cheese and egg crepe hit my c-spot that rainy Sunday morning.  They have items on the menu that I didn't know existed, like buckwheat crepes.  Once we ordered, the food came right out.
Tiny tiny tiny little place in downtown PA, a block off the main street.  They mainly serve crepes (both savory and sweet), yet they do have other options on the menu like salads and espresso drinks. I had the mushroom and creme fraiche crepe (which I don't think had been properly refrigerated because I was slightly sick afterward).  Not a huge deal, I'm sensitive to dairy anyways. It didn't ruin my meal or my morning.  My food was good and it came with a bowl of fruit (they give you salad in the afternoon). If you have an hour to kill I'd recommend it, however, if you're in a hurry, look elsewhere.  They make each crepe one at a time, and it takes forever to get your food.  At least upwards of 20 mins....and then some. Overall, OK place. Very cute.  Maybe seating for 10 people or so.
What a great start to our meal...staff overflowing with friendliness... Sublime french cider and kir - a black currant liqueur topped with white wine. Pine nut salad was refreshing, innovative and palate cleansing... Epinard and gorgonzola crepes were the epitome of tastiness. Epinard was more pleasing to my tongue. Chesnut puree crepe ala glass hit the spot...
I ate here at 2:30 last Friday and was surprised that we were the only diners in the place. That's a good thing in a way at Bistro Maxine because the place is tiny. Like maybe four tables tiny. I wouldn't want to eat here when it's prime dining time. But then again, I walked by later in the evening at 6:30 and the place was empty except for a table for two. It's nice to have a place in the Silicon Valley that serves crepes. Who doesn't love crepes? Especially underrated lemon and sugar ones. I'll have to try those on another visit. Unfortunately for me, the savory crepes on the menu all seem to have eggs, ham, or goat cheese, and I'm not a big fan of any of those ingredients. I had a chicken and mushroom crepe with creme fraiche ($10) which came with a small simple unadvertised salad with yummy dressing. (I felt the crepe was priced $1 too high for lunch.) The crepe was good but I felt like the sauce was off. In other renditions of this crepe that I've ordered or made (yes, it's one of the few dishes I cook), instead of creme fraiche (which is runny and too thin), a thicker mushroom cream sauce worked better. The servers were nice and spoke with French accents so it felt like the real deal. Buckwheat crepes are available on request.
This place is fantastic! My friend and I showed up rather late in the evening, and when I expressed my disappointment with the full outdoor seating, the waiter picked up a table and brought it outside so we could sit and enjoy the evening. Furthermore, their french onion soup was perfect; covered in a thick layer of cheese and fresh baguette slices, covering a thick, brothy onion soup. It was brought out as a first course, since I ordered the croque monsieur as well; a nice touch since it meant both of my meals would be hot when I get to them, rather than getting both at once, eating the soup, and then eating a cold sandwich. Overall, great food and great service.
Crepes and Wraps, Wraps and Crepes. I hit another jackpot! It was 2:20pm when I strolled in with ten minutes to close, and the guy in the bistro let me order and dine in too. Luckily, I was able to view their menu online before going in to order, but there were some specials noted on a separate paper clipped to a menu. As soon as I saw their Ham and Pineapple Crepe, I knew I found exactly what I was yearning for. I ordered a Soy Cafe Latte and a Ham, Pineapple and Swiss Cheese Crepe. I asked the guy if I should pay now, but he said to settle the tab when I finished eating. The bistro was small and cozy with yellow walls, a big mirror, and a tall ceiling. Several french inspired paintings and artwork graced the walls and decorations. There were a few tables and chairs, and the bistro smelled aromatic with a sweet fragrance. I sat facing the kitchen so I was able to watch the cook make my crepe. I received my Soy Cafe Latte in a matter of minutes and asked for a to-go cup. [see pic] With a few circular motions and flicks of his wrist, he flattened the liquid batter into a thin sheet using his wooden crepe spreader. A few minutes later, the waiter came out with my order. The presentation was simple yet marvelous. My blue ceramic plate was covered with a nice flat light brown crepe and a side of greens with vinaigrette. [see pic] As it looked like a manila envelope, the crepe was very delicate with a slight sweet taste. It was easy to cut into with a knife or fork. Bistro Maxine used cooked ham and thinly sliced pieces of pineapple with light cheese to make this flat crepe. The pineapple might've been canned, but it sure didn't taste like it and was sweet but slightly tart. Very good! The vegetables were crispy fresh and I didn't notice any browning or limp vegetables. I was worrying that the crepe might be too hot when it came out of the commercial crepe maker, but it was just right for a sunny but chilly day. The savory crepe went down very well. The total tab came to $8 Ham & Pineapple Crepe plus $3.50 Latte with $.50 Soy totaling $13.11 after tax. And because he stayed open for me to dine-in even though they were closing, I tossed him a good tip. My overall conclusion Crepe: check Tasty: check Guiltless: check Bistro Maxine: Priceless
Terrible service, gluten free crepes like glue.... I have eaten at Bistro Maxine probably 10 times total and it has gone slightly downhill, until today.  I can say that this is my Last trip there. We came at 2pm as a party of four, the waiter said it would be a 10 minute wait and then warned us that they were closing at 2:30.  when the other party left, the waiter neglected to clean off the table, offer us menu's or offer us a seat.  He had no eye contact or visible social skills at all.  Finally, when the table was cleaned, we walked to it and waited for menus, or a drink order.... for 15 minutes, while we watched others get seated and served around us.  Finally I asked for our order to be taken.  We ordered all of the crepes we were going to eat since they were to close at 2:30.  The waiter was completely unable to comprehend our order, and ended up completely messing up/skipping/ misordering most of our lunch.  At some point a femal waiter came in and tried to salvage the mess that was happening in the restaurant.   Come on though, it only holds 18 customers tops... it isn't rocket science to write down orders correctly and then serve people in order of arrival, or is it?? Gluten free crepes gummy, under cooked and gross... stomach ache from them, buckwheat crepes overcooked and hard....crappy service and an additional huge bill that was wrong! Thanks, my birthday lunch was terrible!
The girl and I slept in Sunday morning and were craving a light breakfast.  After perusing Yelp, I decided on crepes.  There aren't a lot of great crepe places in the Bay Area, but we decided to give Bistro Maxine a shot. This place is just off of the main street in Palo Alto.  I've been down this street many times but always passed this place by.  It's a quaint place that's very small and only holds about 12-15 people.  The menu is simple and is in both French and English.  We passed over the sweet crepes and got two savory crepes. It wasn't on the menu but the girl got a mushroom and brie crepe.  I got the smoked salmon (saumon) crepe.  Both were FANTASTIC.  The crepes were light and slightly sweet and were filled with just the right amount of filling.  Each crepe came with a small house salad with vinaigrette on the side.  We shared each others' dishes and we ate every last morsel.  The girl finished the meal off with a huge cup o' latte. The service was excellent and the food came out quickly.  We were in and out on a drizzly Sunday early afternoon within 45 minutes.  The place was pretty much packed the entire time even at 3pm.  In the middle of our meal, a heavyset French woman came in with a skinny man.  They were both around their 60s, I'd say.  Near the end of her meal, the woman complimented the server on how authentic and delicious the food was.  Her stentorian yet saccharine voice could not disguise a heavy French accent that was heard throughout the little restaurant.  It almost seemed contrived, but it was too funny and awkward not to be genuine. We are definitely coming again.  Very soon.  Man I can't wait.
From the store front it looks like another cafe the best part is stepping in and It takes you to Paris. This is what I would picture in Paris a small little cafe would look like. Its so cute inside and painted bright yellow. The menu has array of crepes from savory to sweet. Great place to go for dinner or anytime you are craving for a crepe. The service was excellent. This is one of the best places for Coffee and Chai Latte. The coffee was full flavor and so good. I am not a big coffee drinker but it was good. The Chai Latte was good too. You can get it with soy milk. It was perfectly sweet and the cinnamon added brought out the great flavor of the Chai. Asparagus Soup - This was the soup of the day when we went. The soup was delish and with a dollop of cream in the middle added so much to the smooth texture soup. The only thing towards the end it got peppery and I think it the black pepper just settle towards the bottom. Sausage Crepe - This crepe was very flavorful and the sausage is the star of the dish. The tomato sauce went so well with it that it reminds me pizza. We had the crepe made with Buckwheat. Goat Cheese, Spinach, and Mushroom Crepe - This was good but the goat cheese was a little over powering over the mushrooms and spinach. All Savory crepe comes with a salad. The salad was perfectly dress and very light on the dressing. It was delish. We shared a Honey and Almond Crepe. Perfectly sweet and the almonds adds great flavor and crunch to the dish. Perfect ending for dinner. Writing this review makes me want to go back. I can taste the food. Yum! Will be back for sure.
A charming little breakfast & brunch place that I would love to frequent if we lived in the neighborhood. The crepes are surprisingly filling. Don't let them fool you. I tasted the Jambon Fromage Champignon (ham, swiss & mushrooms) and the Poulet a la creme (chicken & mushrooms in creme fraiche). Both were delicious and satisfying in both taste and portion, and I can't wait to try some other dishes on the menu. Cappuccino, mocha, latte...whatever it was, every table had at least one large, almost soup-size bowl of coffee. My friend had a spicy latte, which she found exactly to be that - spicy. I need to try it when I'm allowed to drink caffeine again. The restaurant is small with less than ten tables, mostly two-seaters. It strangely doesn't feel too cramped, though. Service is friendly and  welcoming, just like the atmosphere itself. SUM: Thanks, Jason M, for introducing us to this lovely place!
Am I a horrible person for giving this place "only" 3 stars? I hope not. But here is why I think I'm justified. I thought Bistro Maxine was good. It was decent and cute and the waitress was very very nice. My boyfriend and I had a good time there. It was quiet and we could just chat along and no one bothered us. It was a nice and relaxing place and I would totally go back. Here's the thing. I didn't think that the crepes were that amazing. Yes, they are good, but they aren't great. Maybe it's because I live close to the wonder that is Chez Maman, in Potrero Hill, San Francisco. The crepes there are paper thin and light and fluffy and still somehow are incredibly full flavoured. The one that I had in Bistro Maxine was a bit heavy and reminded me a tad of bread. Once again, don't get me wrong, it was good, but not great. I am totally willing to entertain the possibility that I did not order well. Maybe the spinach, egg, ham and cheese (($9.95) crepe that I had wasn't what I should have ordered. I think I'll come back and try the desserts.
Ramona Street certainly has a few gems slightly tucked into the pedestrian walkway. On the same side of the street you have Coupa Cafe for your daily Venezuelan fix (that's coffee and pastries for those reading this review with needle syringes, bong pipes and lighters in their hands and/or uzi's and AK47s), what looks to be a little shoppe of afternoon tea delight called Tea Time, and right next to it is Bistro Maxine. As other yelpers have pointed out this place is very small, and if you're thinking of eating here to use the bathroom, don't, because there is none, although the curb is a few steps away if you don't mind lifting your leg like a dawg. Spotted by the tiny section of the side window of the entrance was a "You're Loved On Yelp" sticker, which goes to show the power of the "WORD." here. Yep this place sure is small, with 3 to 4 tables for two and 2 tables that seat 4, which they won't seat you if you only have 2 in your party and those are the only tables left. It was a bit before 9 am, and I wasn't feeling like getting coffee from Coupa with rock hard baked pastries, Tea Time wasn't open as there's no such thing as "Breakfast Tea time" or "Low Tea" so decided on a sit down brekkie at Bistro Maxine. Nice that the menu is in French with English translations, although the owners were nowhere to be found this yay early (-1 star for the lack of a homey mom pop ownership experience). Apparently they use beans from Barefoot Coffee Roasters here for their caffeinated drinks, which is not a bad thing. I asked for an iced mocha (aka the wuss drink called lah tay with chocolate and ice cubes), instead of a tall wide glass, I got it in a freakin BOWL. I was looking around for a handle...expecting this to be like one of those Cafe Greco (SF) Greco Supremo mugs, but noooooooooooooooooo....it was an efffin BOWL. To add insult to injury I got a big spoon. WTF is this soup? To their credit, the coffee was pretty good, although it felt really weird to have a coffee with ice served in a bowl, leading you to wonder if you will get some Cheerios, sugar, and milk to go with it, or where their larger glassware is. Ordered the jambon fromage champignon crepe (that's ham, swiss cheese, and mushrooms) and I specified buckwheat (aka gallette) as I have a fresher perspective to compare, which is Laurel Street Cafe in San Carlos. I don't know about you, but when I think buckwheat, it is supposed to be the same, if not a similar kind used to make Japanese soba noodles (which I happen to adore, especially fresh made in house with a mill). At Laurel Street Cafe, they mention that their gallettes are made with Japanese buckwheat (well maybe not from Japan but the same kind used for soba) and it shows in the cooking as well as the end result; the look, feel, texture, taste. Unfortunately BM's galette came out not quite looking like the same shade of dark brown I was expecting. Yeah yeah, call me a snob, but I can tell when something's off. The color was a lighter shade of brown, almost like pancakes. The taste and depth were not like the galettes at Laurel Street Cafe or that place on Fillmore in SF (Brittany?) Not sure what kind of cheese they used but it wasn't quite swiss. The ham tasted almost salt free, so the whole galette while was nicely made and proportioned, had little to no flavor. Tasted nothing like the galette I had in France in '92 as well....sob sob. But for $6 it was still a rather enjoyable relaxing brekkie. So yeah Laurel Street Cafe ruined me and raised the bar, theirs taste a bit more authentic, even though they don't offer mushrooms in their French galette of just ham and swiss, but you can taste that. Perhaps BM would be a different experience if the owners were there cooking/serving, but I did not have that pleasure. Might be worth coming back again to try other things. 3.5 stars for now.
Very cute, cozy, super friendly service, BUT... 1) No ice in water. 2) Forgot our salad that comes with our savory crepe. 3) The Maxine: spinach, mushroom, cheese was oh so bland.  We used the salt shaker. 4) Crepe batter is on the THICK side, but there is a CRUNCH. 5) Temperature: cold by the door, they closed the door, and it was stuffy, ZERO ventilation, we reeked of crepe batter post-meal. 6) Coffee was lukewarm. 7) Pricey for what you get in terms of quality of food + ambiance. Good Nutella & banana crepe.  The homemade whip was a nice touch.
Update 12/30/06: maxine is now offering excellent barefoot coffee for only 99 cent's a cup! it's a great compliment to their yummy crepes and brioches :) Bistro Maxine has excellent crepes, brioche and coffees, everything I've tried is delicious. the only drawback is that It's quite pricey for crepes - most places in the bay are at least $2 less, apples to apples. But it's the best place in the area to get a really fantastic crepe, so if you're craving those yummy, authentic French flavors prepare to fork over the cash.
Ok, my quest for the perfect crepe in the Bay Area (- SF) is over. Bistro Maxine has divine crepes. The Epinard was fantastic.  It has ham, spinach, egg and creme fraiche. The nutella and banana crepe which is standard fare was very good. I highly recommend the Chestnut Puree crepe. Delicious!!!! Very unique, I have not noticed this on the menu anywhere else. This is a tiny place off University. It has a very European feel. The waiter was French, the tables were small and the service was slow. Who cares, the crepes were worth it.
The owner contacted me apologizing for my experience and told me they were going through some staff changes. She also sent me a gift card in the email hoping I go back and give them another chance. Today I went in for lunch and there was a party of 6 on a business lunch in the tiny space. However I still got great service even though it was obvious they were busy. This time I tried the Ham and brie crepe which was really delicious. The crepe is just the right amount of softness and crispiness. I highly  recommend it. It also came with a small side salad which was nice. The coffee was also really tasty. I admire an owner who cares greatly about individuals' experiences.
Overpriced, spinach was too gritty/dirty tasting, but the ham and cheese and craime fraiche was... Read more 
Yummy! I came here for brunch and had the Maxime savory crepe with eggs, spinach, mushrooms, and swiss chess. My friend had the Champignon a la creme savory crepe with mushrooms in creme fraiche.  Both crepes were very good and I liked the side salad they were served with.   We both ordered lattes too, and they came in these giant soup bowls which were very cute.  I didn't get any latte art on mine though. :( The place has a nice cozy feeling to it.  I've walked by this place a million times, and I'm glad I finally tried it.
What an awesome crepe and hot chocolate place!  We ordered a crepe with nutella and banana and it was done perfectly.  The hot chocolate is smooth, piping hot, and is served in a bowl, complete with spoon.  I drank my hot chocolate like soup - nice frothiness on top, velvety chocolate below.  Perfect, perfect combination. The service is very friendly and the ambiance is great - a small cafe feel, like a home away from home.
Yummy and so cute! We came here for an early breakfast this morning and were delighted to find an authentic creperie in Palo Alto.  As other Yelpers have noted, this place is shoe-box-sized, so there were no high chairs and no room for a stroller.  Hence, our one-year-old sat/squirmed on my lap while we ate.  The preschooler loved getting his own glass of fresh squeezed OJ, reading the Babar books (in a basket on the counter), and tucking into his very own strawberry crepe.  He also liked watching what was going on in the kitchen just a few feet away. The crepes were really delicious -- they were thin, crisp, and filled with just enough filling.  Hubby ordered a buckwheat crepe with goat cheese, spinach, and mushrooms -- also very tasty.  The strawberry crepe was generously filled with fresh, sweet strawberries even though strawberry season isn't quite here yet.  Very satisfying. Service was fine -- quick, efficient, and professional.  We will definitely return!
A tiny place, but with tasty food.  The main reason it gets a high vote from me is that they offer savory crepes with buckwheat batter, which is legit (Ti Couz in F, my favorite crepe place period, offers the same).  The staff is also really friendly, and the chef even came out to speak with us. One weird thing is that it does win first place for "bathroom furthest away" - you have to leave the restaurant, go into the hotel next door, walk through it's giant lobby, the down a long hallway to finally get to the bathroom.  But at least it's nice :)
I had a chestnut puree crepe and an apple/brie crepe. My husband had a ham and cheese crepe. I am giving only 3 stars because: - There was a really annoying guests who was talking loudly to the staff for most of the time we were there. The staff did not ask her to lower her voice. I guess she was their friend, but I don't like that they did not consider the other guests in the room. - I ordered goat cheese/honey/walnut crepe, but received applie/brie crepe. I did not complain, the crepe was good. - The savory crepe dough could be better (I am comparing this to Ti Couz San Francisco, my #1 fave).
croque madame is solid and recommended! Banana and nutella crepe is a great way to end the meal Service is polite and prompt.
When I was in Paris last April, I was staying with a local and got quite an education on crepes, how they should be served and with what.  So coming back to the US I was a bit jaded when I'd go to creperies...although it is the US and who says you can't make your own twist on it. So it was with much surprise that when I went into Bistro Maxine and saw that not only do they serve buckwheat savory crepes (the real way to serve savory crepes!!) but they also had cider!  *giddy* We went with a group of 12, which pretty much took up the whole place - this place is quite small, so don't expect to go in with this large of a group unless you call ahead.  Also, they only have 2 griddles which means that with a large group the meals came out over the course of an hour.  But they were pretty good about informing us of this and making sure our drinks were filled.  Even my cider (which I got carded for...cease all laughter, please!) I ordered the Crepe Maxine which had egg, cheese, spinach and mushrooms.  They definitely could've added a little bit more of each ingredient....I felt that they were skimping.  My friend ordered a crepe where 90% of the crepe was empty...a bit appalling.  I also thought it strange for a crepe place to run out of bananas....what?!  When that is one of the top ingredients for sweet crepes?!  And this at 10:30 am. So food was more around a 3, but service was better and ambiance was pretty good...if I could give half stars, I'd say overall a 3.5.  I don't hang in PA that often, but I wouldn't discount going again if I were in the area...
I've been putting off writing this review because i really like this place, but its small and i don't want it to get out that its really good. Im a fan of the breakfast combo where you can get a crepe, late, and orange juice for a reasonable price. I really like all of the apple crepes, and all of the banana crepes (especially the banana and nutella crepe). My mom says the savory crepes are great, i just have this thing inside me that says that all crepes should be sweet. I realize im missing out on some goodness, but savory crepes just don't feel right to me. I love going here when i feel like getting something lighter and staying away from some of the heavy breakfast stuff at other places around Palo Alto. But at the same time its more sufficient than a pastry from a coffee shop. I really like to walk over there on a nice day, gab a newspaper on the way and sit outside, french cafe style. I love this place.
Very good & unique food, if a little overpriced. Maxine's has quite a variety of both sweet and savory crepes... I had a ham & brie, which was delicious. Mrs S's tomato and spinach crepe was top quality, but the flavor combination didn't hit the spot as much. The giant bowl of hot apple cider made up for that spectacularly, though. On the downside, indoor seating is extremely limited, service can be slow, and their coffee cup handles are too small to put an index finger through. We sat outside, and it was a little too cool & windy to stay patient, especially when waiting for warm coffee refills. It took us just about an hour to eat & pay. I need to return here on a warm, sunny day when I'm not on a schedule. I have no doubt I will appreciate the place more under such circumstances.
A very relaxing place to read a book, grab some 99 cent coffee, and order a brioche. The crepes are not as good as elsewhere, but nothing can really compare to real french crepes anyways. Coming by yourself to read for a couple hours is awesome. Very european-cafe.
Quiet, small, polite and doable. 3.70 stars actually. It's just the kind of place I want to be left in if I am asked to read a book on princess Diana, listen to someone emote lost love on  the violin or watch sports from far ..very far (old pro is on the other side). Food:  I do love crepes and I thought I'd give this a  try for lunch. I got the crepes maxine ..it was lunch .. so a non-sweet crepe. Presented well, decent portions too but I wish the portions were larger. It was bland for me and someone like me .. well I could eat two of those ...just to feel like I ate something. The salad was simple and I liked the dressing.  I would try other things over the course of time at this place.The coffee was pretty good too. Service:  I must say the staff was very polite, helpful and makes you feel like the world is such a great place to live in. Ambience: A 15 person headcount would max out the space. Anything greater and I suggest you walk in with an oxygen tank.  I went at a quiet time and I liked the quiet resonance of the place. What to look out for ?  Look at the funny little sticker on the tables that chides you if you power up a laptop. Note - This place is closed on Mondays but if you got the connections you can throw a private party here. Yeah .. I'll go back here again to try other things.
BEST CREPES EVER. SRSLY. I love the chicken crepe, I could eat it every day. I have no idea what they put in it and I seriously hate mushrooms but if they are part of this crepe (Which they are) I will eat them like they're my favorite food. The dessert crepes are also yummy, but really the chicken crepe is a winner. If there's only ONE thing you eat here eat the chicken crepe. I had the french onion soup before, it was okay. But I also am not a french onion soup fan. Also freshly squeezed OJ. DELISH.
I believe this place had a recent ownership change. I am withdrawing my previous review which was not too positive. The chef is French and, of course, does not cook mediocre Americanized French food.  The salads, as well as the crepes, are pretty good. They remind me of Paris. The presence of two small tables outside makes this place dog-ok.
Bistro Maxine is small, warm and very authentic - it's like being in France, except that the waiter was nice to us. He's French, as is the chef, but they seem to have absorbed an American attitude towards customer service. There's only room for about five tables. The food: consider the 'Menu'. For $15, you get soup, salad and a savory crepe, plus dessert. They have cider, but a member of our party brought a bottle of wine, which they uncorked for us without objection. We had the carrot soup, which was to die for. Then I ordered the Nordique, salmon and gorgonzola. A somewhat unusual combination but very tasty. I've been to my share of crepe houses in France, and this place would compete with any of them on the quality of food, not to mention atmosphere.
I love crepes! During backpacking through Europe after college, I would go on about "crepe, crepe, I want a crepe" every single day. My friends to this day think I'm totally obsessed, which I am of course but Loopy totally had a gelato fascination so he shouldn't be talking anyway. I was torn between trying out Coupa Cafe and this place and drawn in by the fantastic selection of crepes! They also have specials and combo meals which is nice. Unfortunately our crepes were mediocre and I thought the prices were rather high - $9 for a savory crepe. I had the ham, mushroom, and swiss followed by the strawberry dessert crepe. They had a whole page dedicated to how the cups/glasses were special b/c they were right size for your hand, inexpensive, etc on the back of the menu. I found it annoying that they were so small. It was a hot day and my cup would be empty every five minutes and I'd have to flag the waitress down. Finally I asked she bring us a carafe. M had a orange juice for $2.50 which seemed reasonable except it also came in the teeny tiny small cup so ended up being quite pricey. The place is cute and the waitresses are nice. I'd come back if a friend wanted to but I think my money could be better spent at Crepe Cafe or Coupa.
Ordered croque monsieur.  It was pitiful at BEST.  Large two pieces of bread with tiny 2 (yes, that's TWO) slices of ham that only covered 50% of the bread.  Taste was bland.  Almost no one in the place and it took 30min to make it.  Was cook on the smoke break?  Coffee was excellent. Waitress asked "how was it?".  After I politely said it was poor and with no ham, she just apologized.  No offer to make a new sadwich, or to take the charge back. NOTHING.  Avoid this place unless you enjoy spending $10 on a sandwich with 2 small pieces of Safeway branded ham.
Crepes are amazing. But: 1. Twice I have gone and ordered a crepe with alcohol. Once the waiter lighted the alcohol on fire right before me (very cool). The other time the waiter didn't, so it's very inconsistent. 2. Coffee is also inconsistent. Once I got a cappuccino in a 6 ounce cup... The milk to espresso ratio was way off! The other time I actually got it in a 16ish ounce cup (like in some of the pictures in yelp) and the ratio was correct.
This place is an excellent find! I loved the food and possibly, even created a new crepe for their menu :) Why not consider asking for this: Complete (egg, ham, Swiss cheese) + sliced apple  - YUM! We shared the above mentioned crepe and L'epinard (spinach, ham egg, creme fraiche) plus hot lemon & honey. Decently priced & oh so tasty. The staff gave us a sample of new desserts they were trying. A decadent, fluffy chocolate mousse and a blueberry in wine compote. Both were served in narrow shot glasses. Unbelievable! My suggestion? Try both! The chocolate and wine combination is always good and adding the blueberries just makes it better. My only hesitation in not giving it 5 stars is that my companion had a challenging time being super comfortable in the tiny cafe with the tiny chairs. (ok it's not their fault he was 6'4" but still, lack of comfortable seating for some adds to the experience)
"You know, just to put this in there, I had a whole mess of crepes this morning. They're just like pancakes, maybe even better. " -Cal Naughton, Jr. We came back and the quality is consistent, good job Bistro Maxine, you made my tummy smile :)
Just say, "I love crepes." I found this place while browsing the Yelp deals.  My husband loves his... Read more 
Make a reservation if you can - this is a small but popular restaurant, so the wait can be pretty long, esp. at peak hours on weekends. I tried 3 things here, and all 3 were delicious! - Croque madame - really good, the perfect amount of cheese & crunchiness - Savory crepe (chicken, mushrooms, creme fraiche) - tasty & creamy, reminiscent of chicken pot pie. Creme fraiche is like sour cream without the sour. - Sweet crepe (banana and nutella) My only gripe: it took forever for the food to come out because there's only one chef making all the food.  We were here around noon on a Sunday, and the chef had to make 7-8 crepes before he got around to ours.
Not bad for crepes. A bit pricey and not really my type of restaurant but it's got good service and good crepes. Tiny place takes a star off.
What a cute little cafe!  I met up with a girlfriend here on a weeknight and it was the perfect place for a light dinner and catching up.  I chose the Le Menu Maxine option (choice of 1 savory + 1 sweet crepe + a cup of cappuccino).   My savory crepe (Le Chevre) was ok.  I prefer more spinach and less goat cheese.  However, the sweet crepe I had (Pomme Cannelle Caramel) knocked my socks off.  It was very chilly that night and for some reason, the combination of warm sauteed apples, cinnamon & caramel, sprinkled with powdered sugar and a dollop of whipped cream on top really hit the spot! The folks here are friendly and hospitable.  At one point, our chef came over to personally greet and serve us and asked how everything was.  Such a nice gesture to make us feel welcome!  There is limited seating, but no better place to cozy up with a friend (or *special* friend ;-)) to share some delicious crepes and a ginormous bowl of hot chocolate.
I've been meaning to try Bistro Maxine for ages and finally got the chance to when a friend called up craving crepes for brunch. We got there on a Sunday around 11 a.m. and there were only two other couples there. It is very tiny, but not claustrophobic feeling. We decided to try a bit of everything and pack whatever we couldn't finish home. We got: * The hot chocolate * Les Crepes Salees: Maxine (shared) * Les Crepes Sucrees: Citron Miel (me) * Les Crepes Sucrees: Suzette (her) The Citron and Suzette tasted very similar.  I think the lemon dominated every other flavor so we both came away puckering our mouths over the tart after taste. I guess that is to be expected with two citrus based crepes so next time, I am trying something with Nutella :). The Maxine was satisfying and a good staple to get here. The hot chocolate came in a huge bowl and we shared it. I don't think it is a spectacular hot chocolate, but the way it is served is a nice way to end the meal with a friend. I think Bistro Maxine is a place I will re-visit when I want the Parisian breakfast feel.
An ideal crepe bistro! We came here for crepes last weekend and were surprised to find that there was a $12 Prix Fixe Menu - 4 courses (incl yummy butternut squash soup.) The soup was one of my favorite memories, just the right amt of creaminess and a nutty taste to it. This was followed by a health spinach salad. Finally, we got our buckwheat savory crepes. I got the Nordique, and wow! It was like a salmon lox bagel, except within a crepe. Perfect crispiness and sponginess on the inside. Delish. Next was the sweet crepe -- Chocolate and also a blueberry wine concoction. They went well together. The service was spectacular (attentive but never intrusive). Engaged in friendly banter with staff.  We were accidentally given a latte (with a cute smiley face) when we ordered a tea, so they gave the latte to us for free. Since it was our first time there, they also gave us coupons for free capuccinos.  Will definitely be back.
After passing this a couple of times I saw Hazel Grace D's review and decided to give it a shot. Very vey small place..maybe 12 people could be seated.... Had a really good iced tea and the smoked salmon, caper, swiss cheese crepe which comes with a small balsamic side salad. The crepe was pretty tasty but it was somewhat small and I found that the crepe itself is not as crispy as I'm used to. Since Crepes Cafe is the only other place I know in the area, Maxine is gives you another choice if you have the crepe craving. Since I didn't try the coffee I'll have to stop in a give that a whirl.
Had a late lunch in here today. It's a very small and quaint bistro short of a few tables. This is going to be my new favorite lunch spot when I could get away from work for a whole hour and not having to deal with calls, broker requests and paper jams. I've been salivating at the thought of their Saumon Savory Crepe, which includes capers, a slice of lemon and creme fraiche. It was outstanding. Plus they served a small salad on the side. I finished it all. It was so delicious with a bottle of Perrier. I even had a cup of mocha and had to compliment Judy for it's nice flavor. I'm definitely coming back here and want to try their dessert crepes!
A friend introduced me to this place and I'm so glad she did. We stopped by, looking for a small snack and ended up each getting a crepe! The place is quaint and very cute. I love how authentic it feels with the menu in French (with English, of course) and just the feel of eating outdoors on the street screams "so European!" Here's what we got: -La Chevre: filled with mushrooms, spinach and goat cheese. I love cheese and there was plenty of goat cheese in this crepe! It was thin and tasty and came with a small side of fresh romaine salad. -Citron Sucre: filled with lemon juice and sugar. This would be perfect on a HOT day. The crepe was thin and light and very refreshing. Service was friendly and attentive. My friend got a latte and I loved how it came in a big-ole bowl. And I mean BIG BOWL! I'm headed back just to get a bowl of coffee! You know, I thought all the good crepe places where in SF, but now that I've found Bistro Maxine, I can honestly say that I've found a good place closer to home! Thank goodness!
I love getting here for the brunch - ends at 11 so be early! The deal is you pick a crepe and it will add a delicious cappuccino and fresh OJ. Love the goat cheese, honey and walnut crepe with the buckwheat batter. SO GOOD! I can never resist a mimosa, and they're not cheap but it's a splurge. Tiny place, very cute. Service is pretty slow and prices are pretty steep. If they were slightly less expensive or had more attentive service it'd be a 4 star all the way.
This place is absolutely wonderful - perfect points for having wonderful, friendly service, being humble and happy, and serving sane portions. We ordered a variety of sweet and savory crepes: Epinard, Chevre, Sucre, Citron, Creme de Marron (Chestnut) All of them were delicios!  The whip cream and the creme fraiche came on the side so the flavors of the crepes were not drowning in sauce.  SMART.  And just how I like it.  My favorite has to be the chestnut crepe.  It's perfect.  Imagine the flavor of roast chestnuts pureed in brandy and molasses with the texture of slightly nutty/grainy whipped butter wrapped up in a perfectly thin buckwheat crepe.  That's what it is.  And it's soooo good.  :P Drool, I wish I ordered a second one! Very limited seating, but it's a cute little place for small parties of 2-4.  Good on take out- they are very attentive when taking your orders.  Great customer service.  Will definitely be back there again!  Can't wait to try their dinner set menu.
3.5 stars.  I've been here a a few times now, once for breakfast (ordered the La Chevre crepe with mushrooms, spinach, goat cheese), once for dinner (ordered the Le Cevenole crepe with goat cheese, walnuts and honey), and once for dessert (banana and nutella crepe - $6.45 and another time strawberry and nutella crepe).  I've had a pleasant experience each time. Pros: *Super yummy crepes *Hot chocolate ($2.75) comes in HUGE cups that make you daydream about street cafes in Paris *Nice employees (most are French too!) Cons: *Limited indoor and outdoor seating - can feel a bit clausterphobic at times Tips: *Make sure you try the hot chocolate!  You won't be disappointed! (definitely try out the homemade whipped cream with it too!) Bottom line, this is a rare find in downtown Palo Alto - a bit off the beaten path but definitely worth checking out!
The boyfriend and I came here for dinner one Thursday night because I had a Freshguide coupon for it. It was our first time here and we were charmed by the really friendly server and chef. We arrived around 6 pm and we had our pick of the tables. I ordered the L'epinard crepe and my boyfriend got the Tomate crepe, and we both asked for the buckwheat batter. The accompanying salad had a tangy mustard dressing, which I thought was tasty, but beware if you are not a mustard fan. We both really enjoyed our crepes and were sufficiently stuffed -- they may look small, but we found them pretty filling. We each also got a spicy soy hot chocolate, which were served in bowls. All in all, we enjoyed our dining experience. This place is so much better than Crepes Cafe in Menlo Park. Oh, and they were playing MUSE the entire time we were there, so we give them two thumbs up for that alone.
Bistro Maxine reminds me of Paris... not one bit.  Except for the round tables.  Except that we didn't sit at one.  So, not one bit at all.  But, their menu items have French names!  And, they serve crepes!  Yes, it's a little cafe-type place, but berets on the wait staff and a mime struggling with that imaginary door still wouldn't have made it like Paris -- which is fine, since Bistro Maxine is in the middle of downtown Palo Alto. What isn't fine is the forgetfulness of the waiters.  It's a tiny little place, with very few tables, and yet the two waiters had to be reminded of every single little thing -- and that's just the tea, coffee, and hot chocolate part of the meal!  Admittedly, the hot chocolate is a nice treat and they will split a large bowl into smaller cups to share, which was a saving grace. Which brings me to the disgrace of our lunch.  We had the epinard (spinach, ham, egg, creme fraiche), the maxine (egg, spinach, mushrooms, swiss cheese), and the banane chocolat (sauteed apples and dijon mustard... kidding).  First, the two savory crepes were not savory at all.  I usually don't add copious amounts of salt to my food, but I was very tempted to do so here.  The spinach was bland, the ham was bland, even the crepe itself was bland.  It actually reminded me of what a pop-tart would look like if it had been re-imagined by a French engineer: folded precisely to give 90 degree angles at each corner, the fillings laid down one stratum at a time based on geologic era, and then cooked exactly 23 minutes and 17.45 seconds.  Perhaps I'm more of an abstractist, preferring a bit of sloppiness to my crepes, a... je ne sais quoi. Oh, and the banane chocolat was sans chocolat.  When we asked for plus de chocolat, they squirted some onto the top and brought it back out.  To their credit, they asked if we wanted a new one.  Of course, had they just made a new one to begin with... maybe they'd have gotten more stars in my rating.... But probably not.  C'est la vie!
The crepes here are phenomenal. It is completely worth the price to enjoy the delights that are in store for you here. Both savory and sweet crepes are to be had here, along with wonderful service and pleasant atmosphere. I can't pontificate too much about this place since my experiences have always been takeout. So, as I said... the food is great! Unique to be sure!
a combination of my two favorite things: crepes and hot chocolate. hot chocolate in a bowl with whipped cream and chocolate sauce for $2.75. yes, that's what i said. i'll say it again: hot chocolate in a bowl with whipped cream and chocolate sauce for $2.75! the crepes were nicely crisped on the outside yet still had that soft and spongy texture. my maxine crepe was filled with spinach, mushrooms, egg, and cheese. it could have used a little more salt and the side salad could have used a little less dressing. i was way too full to try a sweet crepe but there is always next time. just lovely.
My wife and I came to brunch here this morning.  I had a delicious croque-monsieur and she had the Jambon Brie (Brie w/ ham on a baguette.)  Good, simple French lunch fare. Didn't have a crepe, but based on others nearby, they are quite good...no one appeared disappointed. The weather was inclement and so all tables inside were taken by the time we were leaving.  The waiter was very polite. All said, a good experience.
It is funny how you can walk by a place and never notice it until you find it on Yelp. That's how we found Bistro Maxine. Crepes are a very hard thing to find in the South Bay and so I hope that this little gem stays open. The crepes are very filling and good. The dinner combos are a good value and very filling. Comparing the crepes to Ti Couz in SF--the crepes are a bit thicker and heavier I actually prefer Ti Couz, but it depends on what you like. The value is better at BM esp. with the combos. A great place to go in PA if you want to split a quick sweet crepe with someone and have a cup of coffee. The two times I have gone. Two different cook and two different waitpersons. Very gracious service, but not a lot of tables. Verdict: Run don't crepe to Bistro Maxine.
Being that I have no car, generally dislike preparing food for myself and am imbued with a sense of culinary adventure I am beholden to my local Palo Alto eateries, of all shapes and sizes. Stopped into this place one sunny Sunday afternoon and was not displeased. Sat outside (+1 star) and enjoyed a nice fresh salad (+1 star). Have not tried the crepes, but I'm not really a crepes kind of guy. That having been said, there's a lot of them on the menu, and you will not be at a want for all tastes and varieties. You can also get your fresh coffee on here, as well as fresh juice. It's a good place, if not a bit cramped (read: small). Service was decent, even though the girl was about 14.
This place is oozing with French-ness and it's SO cute!! It's on the small side, but that adds to its charm. The seating is rustic looking, with little cute yellow flowers at every table, and acrylic paintings hanging on the walls. The food is also delicious! My friend ordered the Maxine crepe and it was ooey gooey cheese goodness and I got the Paysan sandwich -- smoked salmon and avocado, delicious. I also got the fresh squeezed OJ which was good but definitely not worth $2.50 considering it was the size of... well not $2.50's worth haha. But the coffee there -- it's like a huge soup bowl haha so it's perfect for coffee lovers.
Such a cute and authentic little creperie!  I really did feel transported to Paris in this little restaurant.  My hubby and I went here for brunch around 10:30am so it wasn't too full, but everything started filling up when it was time for us to go. We both ordered savory crepes: I ordered the Jambon Brie (ham and brie), while my husband ordered L'epinard (spinach, ham egg, creme fraiche).  Both were really great, though I gotta admit I like his slightly better.  The crepe itself is super thin and light, and very authentic.  Definitely very different from the crepes you get at those asian crepe places.  I think next time I come back will definitely want to try their croque-monsieur and sweet crepes! Their drinks were great as well.  I could actually taste the difference of having good quality Barefoot Coffee in the cappuccino I ordered...very tasty!  And they have wine!  I had a mimosa... I like how they give you the whole little bottle of champagne so you can give yourself refills, unlike most places that just give you the glass.  Nothing like having both caffeine and alcohol with breakfast...great way to start the day! :-) Our brunch bill went up to around $35 (probably because of the mimosa/cappuccino) so it was a little on the pricey side.  However I think it's worth it for a special treat once in a while (still cheaper than going to France!).  Will definitely have to come back and sample some of their other goodies.
I can't believe I had never heard about this place until I was looking for a place to eat in PA.  They've been around for around 3 years and I'm hoping they'll be around for a lot longer! The interior is quite cozy and small.  There are probably 8-ish tables.  We went on a Thursday night around 7 and we were seated immediately.  The kitchen is behind the dining area so you can see and smell all the food being made.  I love it!  The owners/chefs/workers were super sweet and helpful.  Plus it was the day before her birthday so the mood was quite festive! I really wanted to try the prix fixe menu that comes with split pea soup, a house salad, the crepe forestiere, and the creme de cafe.  The soup is very thick and looks kind of like green tea pudding but it's so good!  Comes with some bread on the side.  There's mint flavor infused in the soup. The house salad was very fresh and the dressing is unique.  Some winey, citrusy vinaigrette.  Yum! I opted for a buckwheat crepe.  The Forestiere comes with egg, ham, swiss cheese, and mushrooms.  It was pretty good!  I don't often get crepes salees, but this was definitely made with love. C. got a Croque Madame and deemed it the best thing he's ever had.  In fact he expressed his love for the C.M. multiple times to the owners.  I had some of it and indeed, it was delicious and very rich in flavor. For dessert, we asked the almost-birthday girl for her recommendations.  She suggested the Crepe Maliceuse (chocolate, orange jam, Grand Mariner liquer) and the Creme de Cafe (thick coffee cream served in a shotglass with homemade whipped cream)  The Crepe Maliceuse was sooo good!!  There were candied orange pieces in the jam, giving it a very interesting texture.  Must be eaten with the whipped cream.  She even brought out the alcohol and flambeed it in front of us.  I loved the coffee cream... I'd never had anything like it. Bistro Maxine is a perfect place for a quaint date.  When you're inside, you feel like you're in Europe.  The atmosphere is unpretentious and the prices are very reasonable.  I would come back again and again!
I'm a fan of this place. Food == Good. Service == Good. Atmosphere == Good. Buck for your money == Good. The seating is limited so it's good for a small group (1 or 2). I dined alone at the bar and it was fun watching the chef prepare lunch. They had a lunch special today, 1/2 sandwich + soup + salad for $8, I thought it was really deal.  The sandwich was pretty big for being only a 1/2 sandwich. They also have barefoot coffee and get their pastry/bread from the Mayfield bakery in PA.
This place is freakin amazing!!!!! The crepe alone (without any stuffing/toppings) is excellent. I can make really good crepes from scratch but the crepes here are definitely better than my homemade crepes. I love the fact that they have wonderful lunch and breakfast specials. Also they offer goat cheese (Most creperies do not). I had the crazy craving for crepes before going to work so I couldn't dine in and I had to send my coworker to order it to-go so I wouldn't be late to work. I ordered the la chevre crepe with mushrooms, spinach, and goat cheese... It was absolutely amazing!! I felt very satisfied. My coworker ordered a crepe with strawberries and bananas.. We both killed the crepes- they were perfect. This place is small and can be easy to miss but I am glad that they have to-go menus available right outside their front door. That is hospitality at its best because not everyone has the time to dine in.
I went here on a weekend around brunch time. It was fun, but very small, you are constantly about to bump into someone, or they you. The food was fine, but not very memorable. The crepes are decent, and everything is reasonably priced. The downside was that they say they have a traditional French hot chocolate. I was excited, and when it came in the big latte cup, my eyes widened with anticipation. I took a sip, and .... it tasted like carnation powdered cocoa with water. It was awful. Disgraceful even. I couldn't believe it was made with milk, let alone chocolate. Quel dommage. Still, this place is fun and cute and if you stick to juice and crepes, you shouldn't be disappointed.
Found the place quite by accident and decided to try it out.  Apparently, they just opened in June/July 2006, so they're fairly new to Palo Alto.  The interior is quite brightly lit but lights are dimmed for dinner time.  The table and chairs really reminded me of the quaint little cafes in Paris where people while away their day.  They also have a small bar area so you can always sit there instead of the small round tables. I had Le Chevre crepe which had plenty of goat cheese.  If you're a goat cheese fan, you may want to try this.  I didn't get a chance to try out the sweet crepes but will do it the next time I drop by. The staff there are very cutesy high school/college looking.  Very sweet and helpful too!
Delicious! I went with two friends today and we all opted for the buckwheat batter for the savory crepes and the regular for the sweet. A word of warning - a crepe listing "egg" means nearly-raw egg, not a scrambled/friend/otherwise well-cooked egg. I had the chicken+mushroom+cream sauce crepe, and it was hearty and earthy and filling in all the right ways. For my lunch "dessert", I had a Crepe Suzette (crepe in OJ, sugar and whipped cream), which came out tasting like what an orange cremesicle's wet dream of a sunny heaven would be. One of my friends had a chestnut crepe which had no right to be that tasty! The coffee here is from the excellent Barefoot Coffee, and the spicy mocha comes in something resembling a soup bowl. It's expensive, but worth the occasional trip!
Made a reservation for 8:30 seated @ 9:15. Food was good but the service was exceptionally bad. Not only did the staff take their dear sweet time, but several orders around us came out wrong. Then at the end it took another 10 minutes to get the check. If you have 2 hours of time to waste then fine, otherwise I would take my business elsewhere. This will be my last time here.
I think I'm most exciting about their morning drink selection. Their hot chocolate is delicious, served in a bowl with whipped cream and chocolate sauce drizzled on top. Their spicy hot chocolate brings just a touch of heat at the back of throat, enough to make it interesting, but it's more of a whisper than a blast. Soy milk is available for 50 cents extra.
the place is little bit tight and full of people! nice place people are always packed! I had one of those savory crepes, the one with muchroom! heavenly delicious! but do make sure try their latte! the best u can get around palo alto!
Cute little place... great for a quick bite & a coffee / tea. Stopped by for lunch some time back, with a friend and her lil baby. Though small inside, there was adequate space for all three of us to enjoy our meal comfortably, although the stroller had to be parked outside. There are also no restrooms. You have to go to the hotel next door, where I believe restaurant patrons are allowed, although I felt quite guilty all the same. The crepes themselves were really delicious. I remember having a savory crepe with goat cheese and spinach, but for some reason I also remember there being ham!? Perhaps I added it in as an extra!? My friend had a sweet crepe, with banana and nutella. Both were YUM!! I'll definitely go again if I'm in the area. Worth a try if you haven't checked it out as yet.
Not so good! Hubby and I went on one of the hottest spring days ever, and they don't have airconditioning. My nutella and banana crepe was not at all yummy!  The banana was a little mushed up with only the TINIEST bit of nutella.  I needed to drink a lot of water just to get the dry crepe down :( Service was really slow.  There was only one waitress, but they only have 5 or 6 tables.  She walked by 3 or 4 times before re-filling my small water glass....no, I mean, she totally didn't even stop!  I had to drink both my and my husband's water before I could flag her down to get more. Why so damn skimpy on the nutella man?
Absolutely delicious! I've never been disappointed with my meal here. Usually when I'm here I overhear other customers chatting in French, so that's a great sign. My favorites are the onion soup and the mont st michel crepe, but everything else I've had has been great too. Their dessert crepes are delicious too. I would recommend going in for either a meal or dessert, not both, since a savory crepe followed by a dessert crepe is just a lot of crepe. Reasons it's not a 5-star review: -Only a few tables, so you do sometimes have to wait. -Really small water glasses, I could down a glass in one sip. -They often make slight changes to menu items -- the bread on the top of the onion soup, the type of salad that comes with your crepe, etc. I don't know that this is necessarily a bad thing, but just be aware of it. -The last time I went in I was craving onion soup, but it was "crepe week" or something like that, and their non-crepe menu was really limited, so I couldn't get my soup. I know they have a really small kitchen, but I think regular menu items should always be available.
Bistro Maxine has been on my radar for a while, and when the groupon deal ($7 for $15 of food) came along, I had to get it.   I met my friend here for a casual dinner on a Thursday night.  As usual, parking was nearly impossible in downtown Palo Alto. The place is tiny and really cute, and it really reminds me of a little cafe in France.  They also have a few small tables right outside, which again, creates a very authentic setting. We started with the French onion soup, which was very thick from the slow caramelization of the onions.  The gruyere to crouton ratio was perfect, and the bread was not soggy at all.  This was definitely one of the better French onion soups I've had in a long time, and I would come here just for that. They gave us compimentary mixed green salads following the soup, which was nice. For my crepe, I had the goat cheese, mushroom, and spinach.  They were generous with the goat cheese, so there was definitely a lot of flavor.  The crepe itself was pretty well portioned.  However, I wish the batter were a little bit sweeter, and I'm being nitpicky, but it was just a little too thick and doughy for me. They have a bunch of dessert crepes, including daily specials, but we were too full.  It's quieter than most of the other places in the area, and you can linger after your meal. Service is polite, and I like that you get your own water carafe on the table, but they still come by to refill water, as well.  When my friend's order was wrong, they took it off the bill without question.  Prices are reasonable, and it's a cute little place for a nice, casual dinner.
Get a savory Nordique crepe, cup of (voluminous) hot chocolate and the newest issue of The Economist.
Simple yet delicious french cafe in downtown Palo Alto! The place is super small, but thankfully both times I've gone I have managed to snag a table. The menu consists mostly of crepes and sandwiches. I had a sugar crepe the first time, which was scrumptious and makes for a great afternoon snack. The second time I went I had the ham and cheese crepe and a mocha. I loved how the mocha came in a giant bowl, but i think since the surface level is so big, my coffee got cold really fast and I like my coffee super hot. The crepe was good and it even came with a tasty simple salad.
I've eaten here once.  The crepes are fairly authentic and pretty tasty.  I had one of the breakfast savory crepes with eggs, ham, gruyere and mushrooms.  Tasty, but not mind blowing.  The espresso was pretty good, again not mind-blowing.  I'd be happy to grab another quick meal there.
This is a tiny French-style cafe next to a shady-looking barber who I think advertises by displaying as many porn magazines as is legal in the window.  I'm not kidding - face Bistro Maxine, walk to the barber on the left and check out all the dated copies of Playboy, Penthouse and...The Economist maybe? Anyways, on to the food and the establishment that is Bistro Maxine... Food is excellent.  I've sampled probably 4-5 different crepes and I've enjoyed every one.  The cheeses they use are delicious and fresh, the ingredients simple but paired in the perfect quantities together.  I never felt that one item within a crepe was too overpowering, even with a strong cheese like brie present. My absolute favorite is the chevre, walnut and honey crepe.  I'm a big fan of variety but I think I could still eat this every day.  At first it seemed like a bizarre combination, but it's not bizarre, it's perfect.  The balance of sweet, sour, bitter, crunchy, soft - I could go on and on.  It's like the ultimate in eating sensation. I normally get the side salad due to my hunger in the evenings, and this is simple and tasty, yet perhaps on the oily side, but I don't mind. The only reason I am hesitant to give this place a 5 star is due to the price.  It's a bit on the high side for a crepe and salad (~$12 tax/tip included) compared to other places I've been to around the bay, but the flavors and quality aren't going to stop me from coming back.
To frame this properly:  I'm torn about sharing this place, because I love it so much, so I don't want it to get crowded, but then again, I want it to succeed since it's a great place and I hate to see it go under like so many other restaurants in the area. I really love this place...since it's small I hate to see it get overcrowded and filled with pretentiousness, like Coupa right next door.  (Yuppie overflow is one  of the main reasons I started branching out from Coupa's and Caffe del Doge-- their hot chocolates, while delicious, weren't enough in the end to keep me braving the crowds of yuppies and laptops.  Then again, I'm sort of the same -- bring a book, my computer, a textbook or two -- but I digress). Bistro Maxine is the best place to get crepes around town, pretty big, rectangular crepes, on maybe an 8inch dinner plate, but don't quote me on that.  They serve breakfast, lunch, and dinner, though I've only come for afternoon coffee and dinner.  Their cappucinos are perfect, strong, light, frothy;  their crepes are delicious. Savory crepes come with salad, which is greenleaf lettuce, so no frills there, but with a delicious dressing that's tossed with the leaves for a nice light even coating. Sweet crepes I've tried = banana and nutella;  apples & cinnamon, both really good, I think they were ~$6;  Savory crepes = salmon & capers, ~$8, comes with salad.   They were all really good. For dinner they put tealights on the tables, and dim the lights for a warm and cozy feel.  The folks working there are super cute highschool/college-age enthusiastic people who get excited about decorating the place with candles in the evenings and making it look even more inviting. The only drawback is price, but in downtown Palo Alto, I guess that should be expected.  Great place for an afternoon coffee and reading, or for a quaint date.
My fiance and I have been going to Bistro Maxine nearly every Sunday for the past year. We are totally addicted to Bistro Maxine - I love Le Cevenole with goat cheese, walnuts and honey, and he loves the Complete for breakfast with eggs, ham and swiss cheese. Also, their cappuccinos are to die for, and their lattes are served in unique bowls I think were imported from France. We initially found Bistro Maxine when we were craving authentic crepes after a visit to Paris last December, but were won over by the intimate cafe ambiance, not to mention the owners and staff. Bistro Maxine is a hidden gem, you have got to try their peach dessert crepe in the summer!
Small little place tucked away in one of the small lanes intersecting University Avenue......and when I say small... I mean small.... it is really small... but I must say that the crepes are awesome..... I have tried their vegetarian savory crepes as well as their dessert crepes..... The people are nice....they greet you and welcome you into their restaurant with a smile and usually try to make some nice conversation..... One of the better places for crepes in the South Bay/Peninsula area..
Don't go here if you expect your crepes to resemble burritos. This tiny creperie in Palo Alto serves classic yummy savory and sweet crepes at a leisurely pace. Come here to squeeze into one of their tiny tables, eat a crepe or two and sip a cappucino while watching the peeps of Palo Alto party at Nola's across the street. Note, too, the coffee beans (Barefoot Coffee) used in the coffee drinks are awesome so ANY coffee drink will be good. The place is a little crowded and the leisurely pace can turn into a really really long wait so don't show up ravenous.
highly overrated.  Got the chicken crepe w/ buckwheat and spinach/mushroom/goat cheese one, as well as the chestnut dessert crepe.  The chicken was kinda flavorless if not for all the creme fraiche.  The spinach one had way too much cheese--all the flavor came from the cheese.  They were not what I would call savory. The dessert crepe was the best of the three, which isn't saying much.  It would've been much better if it wasn't overly sweet. Service was ok.
Little place, a bit cramped, but it has a great "european" atmosphere in the middle of a busy college town. I love their drinks, especially their hot chocolate, latte and mocha. They're served in a big bowl, warm, and very delicious. Their iced tea is brewed just right, and is a lot better than the generic stuff other places offer. Their crepes are amazing too. I usually have trouble deciding whether I want a sweet or savory crepe. The goat cheese, walnut and honey crepe is great, as is the suzette sweet crepe, which is a sugar and butter crepe swimming in a pool of orange. juice Of course, there are quite a few other selections that are good. I'd recommend *against* getting the buckwheat dough though, because the dough's strong taste would overpower the delicate taste of the filling. I've had their sandwiches too. They give you a generous portion, served with salad (as do the savory crepes). They're pretty good, but I'd say, stick with the crepes. The staff is always very friendly. Overall this is probably one of the best crepe experiences I've had.
A very cozy, charming crepe cafe! And might I add, very French. I think I hurt the waiter's ears with my terrible execution of the words on the menu. But hey, I tried. I was pleased by the fact that there were plenty of vegetarian options available. I ordered a breakfast crepe with goat cheese, spinach and mushrooms, which was beautiful in both appearance and taste. I remember wanting a bit more flavor, but I appreciated the simplicity of it all. My friend ordered the ratatouille and it balanced well with mine (: If I could, I would have a fancy breakfast/brunch like this more often.
(This could be because I haven't had bad crepes)... but I didn't think the crepes here were particularly amazing. To be honest, I was a bit disappointed that i couldn't taste the egg in my crepe. The lattes were cool and come in bowls. Do people actually finish these things?
Fairly decent crepes, but the service is glacial and the place is *tiny*.  One high point is their tasty, frothy chai. For really rockin' crepes south of San Francisco, nothing beats Posh Bagel.
3 stars for the food + 1 star for being an intimate neighborhood place with friendly service. Warm and cozy place a door or two down from Coupa Cafe. They can probably fit no more than 12 ppl total across 6 tables at this place and maybe a couple more outside on a nice day. They serve a variety of salty and sweet crepes (see my picture of the menu) for anywhere from $4.95-10.95. I had the Maxine crepe (egg, spinach, mushrooms, swiss cheese) and it was satisfying but wasn't even close to making me say "wow, this is a fantastic crepe". Also tried the Banane Chocolate crepe (banana and chocolate) and it was just okay. The banana was underripe so it disturbed what would have been nicely sweet and chocolately. Extra star for the owners/servers who were kind and cool enough to accomodate us and move tables around for a last minute group of 9 dropping by for lunch and basically overtaking the place. Bottom line: Crepes were okay, but good overall experience in this cozy crepe cafe in Palo Alto. Sounds like they also have good coffee but I didn't get to try it. My fave crepe place is still Laurel St. Cafe in San Carlos. But If you are in downtown Palo Alto and in the mood for French crepes, give it a try.
Crepe + cappuccino + freshly squeezed orange juice for $12.  Not bad at all.  The crepe was decent, service was efficient, and it's a charming hole-in-the-wall. When I was there this past Saturday, a bunch of annoying Berkeley hippies dropped out of their trees to protest the war in Palo Alto and were loitering outside.  After complaining about the lack of vegan options here, they left, and were shocked that a college town like Palo Alto doesn't have more cheap, vegan food options.  Here's a little tip for everyone: if a French restaurant has vegan options, it probably isn't a French restaurant you'd want to go to. One surprise here is that they have a full bar, as you can get booze in your coffee.  It probably doesn't go well with breakfast, though.
Sadly I will have to disagree.  Savory crepes are hard to do, and Bistro Maxine is no exception to the rule.  The Forestier crepe was decent, but went a bit too heavy on the mushrooms and wasn't exactly "savory" in my opinion. The banana and nutella crepe was good, I'll give you that.  Fresh squeezed orange juice was also good, but a bit of a rip off at $2.50 for a tiny glass.  Service was not efficient in my opinion, although they were very nice.  I prefer Crepes Cafe in MP for my sweet crepes, and I'm still looking for the perfect savory one. Plus, I will always remember this as the place a mosquito landed on my chest, and flew into my bosom.  ??
We love crepes and have been going to Ti Couz in the city for years.  But now that we live in S. Bay, we needed to figure out comparable crepe places... We got there around 1:00pm on a Sat and the wait was short.  We ended up getting a soy latte and nutella crepe. Food:  Crepe is good, different from Ti Couz - would have preferred the crepe to be thinner - this is more fluffy (am sure with a ton of butter) and thicker.   The soy latte was ok - nothing memorable. Services:  Several areas of improvement...given there are like literally 14 seats in total in the restaurant, it is almost certain that you will have to wait if you show up around normal meal times.  Then the waitress took a bit of time to get our order (but the food came fast which was good).  What took awhile was actually our soy latte - we saw one of the other waiters ran out to buy soy milk! I think we will likely go back in the future just to try the savory crepe - but overall, not a bad alternative for Univ. area if you are craving non-salad, non-mediterranean food :-)
The guy who makes the crepes is a wizard!  Watching him work his magic is very enchanting. Anyway, on to the food! The drinks are excellent and come in a giant bowl (french style) with a dollop of whipped cream in it.  I got the spiced mocha and found it to be pretty spicy. Visually, it had bits of cayenne sprinkled in it. The crepes are usually pretty excellent, but if you're in the mood for non-crepes, I suggest the croque-madame or croque-monsieur.  It's a pretty great substitute for a typical brunch/breakfast on the weekends.  It also comes with a simple salad with a mustard/olive oil/s/p dressing.
Great alternative when Coupa is too full.  Not sure who has better crepes though, Coupa has an amazing pesto chicken crepe. Enjoy the cozy, semi-French atmosphere.  The owner/manager wasn't that friendly last time I was in here, but the staff are usually very friendly. One problem, its supposed to be all table service so you feel obligated to give a larger tip even if your just ordering a latte or something.  Definitely think you should tip at a cafe even if you're ordering a coffee drink, but for something as simple as coffee I would rather pay at the counter. Next time I come here I'll order a savory crepe just to compare it to Coupa's.
The Place: A tiny cosy restaurant conveniently located in front of a public parking downtown Palo Alto. Decoration and tables are well sorted and harmoniously set providing a good glimpse of French Creperies. The Service: Kind, fast, French, and detail-oriented. The food: Crepes come with a green salad as appetizer which kindly opens the appetite. My Forestiere (Cheese, ham, egg, and mushroom) was really well executed with the exact appearance, texture, and flavour from my country =).
Woah the crepes are really good. Like everyone alrady wrote! We came here for breakfast on a Sat around 8.30 and it wasn't crowded. There were still a few free tables. The hot chocolate was very yummy with a thick milk foam and nice chocolate pattern:) The croque monsieur came with toast not a baguette but it was good. The service was excellent. Very nice staff! We'll be back soon!
This is the best place to get a crepe around town. The only place I've been to that would give Bistro Maxine a run for its money is Tiz Couz which is a) in San Francisco, b) a tragic hipster hangout, c) always crowded, and d) no better than Bistro Maxine. Maxine has a clean, bright interior with cheerful posters of Babar and great lighting. The crepes are the best I've had; not stuffed too full, and excellent buckwheat batter. Definitely save room for a dessert crepe. They serve apple cider to go with your crepes if you order it, which is also a favorite of mine. The service was very attentive and polite. Be aware that the restaurant is small, so don't go in thinking you are going to sit with a party of ten. But for small parties there is plenty of room, and it's not too crowded.
Consistently good espresso drinks and hot chocolate.  The place is quaint and unpretentious and you're always greeted with a warm smile when you walk in. There's a good selection of crepes to choose from.  They've been tasty every time I've had them. My favorite place for coffee in Palo Alto.
This is what a great Bistro is all about. Small, friendly and most importantly awesome food. The women working there are super nice, kept apologizing for keeping us waiting due to their small size. Seated us as fast as possible, kept the water refilled and were very friendly. Food was amazing. Crepes were really taste and the PaySan (salmon) sandwich was a great value at $8.95, comes with salad, and was extremely good. Very authentic.
Well, this is really a 3.5... but what the heck. I ordered the Crepe Maxine (judging by what everyone around me was eating, it appears to be the most popular savory crepe) which comes with mushrooms, cheese and spinach, and a mocha. The mocha came in a large soup bowl, and it was utterly delicious. A little overpriced at $4, but if you're willing to pay $3.50 for a Starbucks mocha, this is SO worth it. The crepe tasted strongly of eggs, but was thin and lightly crisp and had the right amount of filling. It came with a small salad (just shredded romaine with exactly two cherry tomatoes tossed in a vinaigrette), which was nothing special and added nothing to the value of the plate. The decor is nothing special, but the service was just right - attentive but non-intrusive. Even though the place is small and I was there during the busy lunch hour, I wasn't hurried at all. I don't think I would go out of my way to dine here, but if I found myself in Palo Alto and craving crepes, I think I would end up here.
A pleasant little restaurant in downtown Palo Alto. We went for dinner and the place was packed, and there were a couple of French guys (one in the kitchen and one waiter) working there. The crepes were pretty good, the portions look really small but it really does fill your stomach.    It is fun to watch them make the crepes, for sure they are good and consistent at what they do.
I tried Bistro Maxine the other day with some friends and I definitely was pleasantly surprised. I'm used to more "modern" crepes with things like curry shrimp and what not at Crepevine and this definitely wasn't that. I would imagine that these are more classic French style crepes and are presented very simply on a very plain dish without sides or other fluff. I ordered the chicken and mushroom crepe. It was pretty simple yet surprisingly satisfying. You could tell the mushrooms were fresh and the crepe was a nice golden brown and not too soft or oily.
positives: -reasonably priced -tasteful decor with a real french bistro feel -great selection.  it's so hard to find places that have chestnut cream or serve the liquor crepes -friendly, attentive, service.  we came 30 minutes before closing on a sunday and stayed until about 15 after closing, but they never made us feel rushed -delicious food (tried the suzette) -humongous lattes in a charming bowl nothing negative about this place.  can't wait to return for more!
This place is AMAZING!  I love the crepes they have to offer! I've tried most of the sweet dessert crepes, and a savory one. I love the presentation of everything.  Especially their hot chocolate and latte's.  I like how its a cozy little place.  My only issue is that there isn't enough seating if  a lot more people were to come in.  The crepe maker is a sweet heart too. Extremely nice.
Really glad there is a good crepe place in Palo Alto. Service: Very friendly and attentive. Crepes: Had the Crepe Maxine (swiss cheese, egg, spinach, mushrooms) which was good. The only thing that seemed a bit off was the egg which was too thin of a layer. Their buckwheat crepe batter could have been fluffier (comparing to Ti Cous and what I've had in Paris) but it's still very satisfying :) Overall, my fav crepe place in the South Bay is still Crepe Cafe in Menlo, but I'm very happy to go to Bistro Maxine too.
Amazing crepes, and highly recommended despite the high prices. I don't remember their Lyonnaise "food food" to be too extraordinary, but definitely skip over fro-yo and come here for dessert if you're in PA. Hopefully the goofy French guys who sing Madonna during closing hours whilst you amaze your taste buds are still there. They definitely added to the experience (and couldn't understand a word of my seven years of French class...for shame).
When I want a snack,  parisian style, I come here. My ultimate favorites: 1. The french onion soup executes the components of a "Perfect " French Onion Soup: Rich Brown stock, Sweet soft onions, topped with gratineed gruyere with crouton... no soggy factor here! 2. Croque Monsieur =there's nothing like a grilled ham and cheese -francais-style! It's really tiny inside. There is limited outdoor seating available which we prefer to people watch as we enjoy our cappuccinos.This a perfect spot to for a quick meeting with friends to catch up on a couple months worth.
mMmMm yum!  Not only does this place service delicious well priced crepes, the shop itself is super cute and service is great!  Get there latte- its super huge and at the same price as a regular at starbucks.  Yum yum yum!  Hope to be back soon!
My fiance loves this place. He likes making crepes at home, and is usually not so impressed with the crepes he tries when dining out around the Peninsula and South Bay area. We live in San Jose, but have driven here for brunch and dinner. I'm not a big crepes fan like my fiance, but I always enjoy my meal, the coffee and ambiance, topped with friendly service at Bistro Maxine. I used to live in Palo Alto, and am familiar with downtown, but doubt I'd ever discover this treasure had I not been introduced to it by an old coworker friend of mine. The bistro is named after his daughter, Maxine.
Certainly the best crepes in the bay area. The restaurant is small, and I've yet to just "find a seat" on the weekend, but the wait is usually short. Service is polite, but a little forgetful, but the crepes, the crepes...
Great Crepes! They have very limited outdoor seating. I was with my friend and her bulldog. We wanted a seat outside. This one couple was taking FOREVER drinking their lemon water. But that's not really Bistro Maxine's fault. Staff is friendly. Good for takeout too! Closed on Mondays I believe.
Well done! I had walked past this place several times when in town last fall and it seemed that the servers were always standing around waiting for customers so i never went inside.  My mistake.  This time around the cafe was packed and we quickly learned why - the crepes are perfectly prepared with interesting options for both sweet and savory flavors.  I tried the ham and gorgonzola dinner crepe as well as the lemon and honey dessert crepe - both excellent.  a simple (basically chopped lettuce) small side salad accompanied the dinner. options for regular or buckwheat crepes offered at this cafe. Service was efficient/attentive and the waiter moved the tables around a bit to help accommodate all of our party.  We really appreciated that. Nice light dinner place with well crafted food that would make an ideal late night stop.
Last time I visited this place is a year ago, a friend brought me here. This time I tried the creamy chicken savory crepe + spicy hot chocolate: -- crepe, nice, not too memorable but solid, good. -- spicy Hot chocolate -- can definitely taste the spiciness in it, the bowl is very cute and the portion is huge!  =)
neat little french cafe serving a light meal, I like the savory crepe here, tried the brie, walnut +... Read more 
I LOVE the crepes here, and the atmosphere. It brings you back to Paris. The place is tiny, they do not rush to get food on your table, and the owner and/or some of the workers speak fluent French. Tables outside make it nice. Once two old ladies who didn't speak any Englight ate there, and you could hear them speaking French.... I got the feeling they went there a lot; they knew some of the workers. The crepes are amazing. Mocca's are sometimes hit and miss, but the actual coffee they use is great.
I happened to try this place once and my experience was only average.  It's a cute little bistro.  The food is only average.  I love crepes and I would  love to try all different types of crepes there are.  I like that the crepes were warm when served.  It's nice to know they do it really fresh from the batter.  However, it was a little bit thick and underseasoned a little bit.  Although, certain parts were a little crunchy. My friend had savory crepes with buckwheat while I had the sweet crepes.  The buckwheat crepe was only average.  I don't think it's extremely special that I would die for to come again.  Although it is nicely wrapped though.  Maybe I didn't have the sweet crepe as sweet as it should be.  without powder sugar, it doesn't taste that good.  I think if you try to have the crepe without the sugar, you will be able to taste the dough better. There aren't a lot of selection for savory crepes but there are a lot of selection for the sweet crepes. The croissant was only okie. It doesn't look like a French croissant for sure.  And it wasn't warm and not so crunchy so I don't know how fresh it is even though we went at the time they are just open! The service was friendly.  So it was good.  But this place is small, so plan your party :). It's not likely that I would plan a trip to come back here again but I might pop in if I'm craving for crepes and I'm in the area where there is no other alternative.
Average priced and good crepe
Received a prompt reply from the owner who expressed genuine concern that my bf and I had a less than pleasant experience during our time at the restaurant. I very much appreciate that kind of professionalism and desire to run a reputable,customer-service oriented business. Since there were many enticing items on the menu, combined with Stephanie's kind request to have us back, we will give Bistro Maxine a second try in the future. Thanks Stephanie for caring about your customers and for striving to improve their dining experience at your restaurant. :)
Went here on a non-busy Sunday afternoon.  Despite the restaurant being at half capacity (i.e. 3... Read more 
Went to Bistro Maxine this morning to grab some breakfast. Upon entry, it was very small but definitely had character. Bright yellow walls and large painting create a nice ambiance. The cafe was trying hard to look like France. We ordered a ham and swiss cheese croissant and a strawberry nutella crepe for desert. Unfortunately, they were out of strawberries and croissants so our ham and cheese was served on a french roll instead, and this came as a surprise to me considering it was 10 am on a Friday morning. The food came out quickly, and the sandwich seemed a bit bland. The sweet crepe ( banana-nutella) ended up being pretty good. They did however serve water in little shot glasses which I thought was kinda weird. Overall, decent place for a breakfast snack, but I would recommend others if you are looking for brunch or some crepes.
I frequent Bistro Maxine thanks to my friend Patrick, who grew up in Paris.  He prefers this simple, cozy creperie over other more commercial ones in the area. The prices are very reasonable, and the crepes are very tasty and very well done.  You can get them with normal flour or, for authenticity, buckwheat flour.  The nutella crepe is heavenly.  Jonny is super friendly and always accomadating. A terrific place to introduce friends to French cuisine!
Well, it's not a bistro, but a creperie cafe (as per their website). I had the Maxine (egg, spinach, mushrooms, Swiss cheese). I ordered it with buckwheat batter and easy on the cheese. There were three of us, not too busy, I would say, but it took at least twenty-five minutes for our crepes to arrive. Maybe it was worth the wait? When I took the first bite... I think not.... This was one of their savoury crepes and DAMN was it savoury. Way too salty, very greasy inside, and to top it off, they even sprinkled Lawry's seasoned salt on top in an attempt at artistic fashion. Anyhow, so I ate half of that and hoped the sweet crepes that we ordered would be better. I had a Reinette afterwards (sauteed apples, almonds, Calvados). Took forever for that one as well and it was actually walnuts, not almonds. I also thought to myself... hrmm... maybe this should be a little bit sweeter, but at least they didn't go crazy with the sugar as they did the salt on my savoury crepe. I would probably go back for one of their sweet crepes if I were in the mood, but I highly doubt I'm going back. There were two tables outside and there was a couple sitting there, with the two tables pushed together pretending that there were four in their party. And in the end, low and behold, the remainder of their party didn't show up so they asked for the cheque and made their way after enjoying a romantic brunch without the bother of another party sitting next to them. What they were doing was quite obvious and as more people started to come in when we were about to leave, the waitresses didn't bother doing anything about it. Overall, the atmosphere was nice, the sweet crepes were okay, but it was certainly not worth the bill.
Cute little place between a nails shop and a barber shop. i've passed through this bistro so many times, and never realized it existed. I was searching for brunch places, and found this on Yelp. Really liked to ambience and food. The crepes are really well done - i got the goat cheese + honey + walnut, which was phenomenal. The orange juice + coffee deal for 2.50 is great also. It only has 4 tables, so tough to get seating, but it's totally worth the wait. Highly recommend!
Crepes are good, but service takes forever. Waiting for 30 min for a simple crepe at lunch is ridiculous. Never again
This place is tiny and adorable, just like a charming little parisian cafe. The crepes are perfectly portioned, comes in delectable flavors, and taste homemade. And the hot chocolate is served in big bowls with lots of whipped cream! What more could you want?????!! The only downside is that sometimes it's hard to get a table since it's so small.
Probably my favorite restaurant in Palo Alto. Friendly service, delicious crepes, cozy French atmosphere-- what else could you want? Try the Nordique and the Gorgonzolla, mmmm. And as someone who travels to France very often, Paris's creperies have nothing on Bistro Maxine.
Sooooooo tasty!  I had the pumpkin soup while my bf had french onion (both DELICIOUS).  Then we split a chicken and mushroom cream w/ buckwheat crepe and it was PERFECT with a little salad on a side which was just as TASTY.  And of course, we finished the dinner off with a nutella crepe ...again TO DIE FOR...overall...great experience!
Just had dinner at the bistro and this place is fabulous! With less than 6 tables inside the restaurant, the atmosphere is intimate but not cramped. Open kitchen allows you to watch the chef making your crepe. Crepe Maxine with a glass of cider was recommended by the waiter and it was tasty. The chocolate mouse was a perfect ending to a delightful meal. Service was prompt, friendly and helpful. Great experience and worth the wait to get a table!
The prix fixe menu was great. For $15 and they even let us order the $13 salmon crepe with it. The split pea soup was certainly the thickest I've ever had. It seemed like they just pureed the ingredients without adding much water. I'm sure it would have been a worthy contender against the "so thick it can stand a fork in it" clam chowder. I almost stood up the steel spoon in it. For crepes either the salmon one with creme fraiche or ones with egg in it seemed to be best. The chicken and mushrooms one kept falling apart, possibly too much ingredients (although that certainly made for a very hearty meal). Dessert was really cute. I highly recommend the creme of coffee. The dessert crepes or the hot chocolate also look good, but I didn't have enough room after the 4 courses to add those on. (Or put those away? You know what I mean.) I'm not usually a big fan of French restaurants, but this one was great. Low-key, relaxed atmosphere, no pretensions, solid hearty food, reasonable price and portions, attentive but not intrusive service. Seating is a little tight, but not out of character with this place.
I absolutely loved Bistro Maxine! I had the breakfast special which was a good price and it was good food (it was 2 eggs any style, toast, and a fruit bowl full of fresh melon)! My mom had an apple and nut crepe which was very very good and she said that it was the best crepe she'd ever had, so that must mean it was pretty darn good. The only problem I had was that the place is so tiny and there is hardly enough room to move around. Now, I'm not a big person but I had some trouble with the tiny table. Overall, good service, nice atmosphere, small town feel, good enough prices, and the employees were very friendly and wished us a Happy Easter, because of course we were there on Easter! Yum yum!!
I always get the Banana Crepe and a Latte. They use Barefoot coffee which is my favorite coffee. The server is always very friendly. I love this place.
Hot chocolate is a must here. They serve it in a bowl and it's yummy! We were disapppinted at the crepes. My bfriend got the chicken and mushrooms - sauce was too thick and chicken was too dry. I got the goat cheese spinach and mushrooms - goat cheese was a bit strong and too much. Overall we found the crepes to be nothing special despite the good reviews. Though service was fast and friendly! Nice place to spend weekend brunch at!
We had a family dinner last week inn Bistrot Maxine, and it was great. I took a 'Cevenol" crepe and it was really yummy. The service is smily and friendly. You can order  French cider for you and orangina for the kids, like in France. I highly recommend this place, it reminds me Brittany.
Albsolutely 5 stars!!!! i came here to check out Stanford and we all felt like some dessert, so we went in this french crepe place next to stanford. the server was soooo nice and helpful and the food are sooo delicious!! We ordered hot chocolate, mocha,and latte. they are all in a big brown bowl and the server made the drinks. He put really cute design on it. mine was a spider net:) I ordered a chicken mushroom sour cream crepe IT Was sooo good!! Strongly recommanded for that one!! and i ordered a strawberry, banana,with chocalate dessert crepe it was soo yummy too!! In summer , they will have ice cream for the dessert crepe!!! Defnitely will come back for it!!:)
I love this place and keep coming back! The food is always delicious and they use fresh ingredients. I highly recommend the daily soup (always surprises me how delicious it is) and if you have room get a sweet crepe (I recommend anything with Nutella). Not only is the food great but the atmosphere reminds me of Europe with its small set-up, furniture, and friendly staff. On a nice sunny day you can even sit outside while drinking some great coffee.
Delicious and authentic. The owner is very friendly; my friend and I spoke with him for a while about France and Europe in general. Fantastic.
They reformulated their batter, because the price of wheat more than doubled: see my photo.  The final new recipe is almost as good as the old - it doesn't quite have the perfect al dente chewiness, but it's still very good, and better than most other crepe places in the area.
They have regular and buckwheat batter. The regular crepe batter is perfectly "al dente."  They are... Read more 
They make good buckwheat crepes. I had the chicken and mushroom with creme fraiche. It came with a salad and was under $10. Not bad at all. I would like to come back and have some sweet crepes next time.
This is nothing like a real French Creperie. The crepes were VERY dry and bland. Plus it took a very long time for them to serve our food...considering that there are only 5 tables in the whole restaurant (yes, it's a hole in the wall kind of place), you would expect that things would be run a little more efficiently. We were really looking forward to trying this place out based on the great yelp reviews but it was an absolute disappointment. The crepes that you can get at the crepe stand at a mall are much better than these. Plus they are cheaper!
This place makes my heart sing. Seriously. If you love Paris or would love to go there. If you love noisy quaint bistros and simply fabulous food. Eat at Bistro Maxine. They make coffee like real French people! (That's because they are real live French people). =) If you have ever enjoyed a crepe, go there. If you have ever had a crepe you did not enjoy, go there, especially if you had it at the Crevevine, go to Bistro Maxine! The Crepevine is dreadful! Walk another couple of blocks down University and turn left on Ramona, it's worth the wait. Bistro Maxine is wonderful! Everything is prepared simply and perfectly and the atmosphere is so quaint, you will love it!
My husband and I love this place for lunch on the weekends! It is a bit small and can get crowded, but the crepes are super yummy. We usually get the La Chevre and the seasonal fruit crepes. They even have a buckwheat crepe option which is really good.
Thanks to the banane, a delicious concoction of crepe, butter, sugar, bananas, and whipped cream, I am a happier person for it.
Great crepes! Price is a little much but the service makes up for it. No wifi though!
I'd probably give this 3.5 stars but I'll round up. I went here with my dad and I ordered a croque monsieur while he ordered a crepe complete (crepe with ham and cheese). For dessert we ordered a banana and nutella crepe, and we also had a latte and a cappuccino. The coffee is very good, and my dad's latte was in a HUGE bowl which was awesome. Overall I liked the food, but it wasn't as amazing as I thought it'd be. Also, my side salad had brown and wilty lettuce :(. The crepe was also a little too sweet. Overall the people were friendly and the atmopshere is cute so I'd go back again. The place was a lot smaller than I thought it'd be.. as the other reviews say it could fit about 15 people, max.
Whenever I'm feeling nostalgic for lazy afternoons spent at Parisian cafes, I pay Bistro Maxine a visit. The space is small, but quaint, with the trademark French streetside tables and stich-pattern chairs. Order the orange jam/chocolate/liquer crepe for pure bliss.
Breakfast special is great - fresh squeezed OJ, cappuccino and a crepe for $12.95.  I had the Maxine crepe today with mushrooms, spinach, Swiss cheese and egg.  Great change of pace from the traditional omelet breakfast joint.  Just the right amount of food and the price is reasonable.
Edited to add: The owner contacted me and apparently she is having trouble finding employees who are as good as they look in their resume when it comes to customer service. Apparently the server who I wrote this review about was let go for that reason (not because of this review, it sounds like it happened sooner.) It is good to know that the owners are aware of this situation and at least trying to fix it. I'm curious how everyone else's service has been here, because few people seem to complain about it. Maybe I just got two bad waiters and I'm unlucky. :) ================================ Yet again, I wonder how a place with such good food can have such bad service. Granted, it reminds me of the time I was in Paris when the service was equally slow, so maybe that's what they're going for. Authenticity? This time around my boyfriend and I went for my birthday brunch because everyone knows that if I had to pick a last meal before the electric chair it would be crepes. I was satisfied with Bistro Maxine's crepes (they make 'em with buckwheat!) last time I went so I wanted to go back. Even though last time the service wasn't that great. I thought maybe that was a fluke. So we literally sat at a table for a while after deciding what to order. The table next to us was seated with a small family a few minutes after we sat down. When they got to order soon after they sat down and we hadn't ordered yet, I was perplexed. After they ordered I spoke up and asked if we could put our order in. The waitress apologized and said she thought that we already ordered. Now, in a huge restaurant I could understand this. But that place is small. Like five tables small. And most of the other tables were finishing eating. Most of the time it looked like the waitress was sipping a drink and laughing behind the counter, completely ignoring us. I just wanted to order. (*** my boyfriend had on his Cal shirt the day after Cal won the Cal-Stanford game so maybe, just maybe, that had something to do with the bad service.) The table next to us got their food and drinks a lot sooner than we did, even though they were originally seated at least five minutes after we were. The funniest part of the meal was when I asked the waitress for the dessert menu, which she gave us, and promptly came back about 5 seconds later and asked us if we were ready to order. If I ask for a menu, I need more than a second to read it. I didn't have time to look down before she said "are you ready?" Then I asked her for "60 seconds" and she came back about five minutes later. Granted, the place is so small I could have walked to the counter and asked her for the order, but it was my birthday brunch, and I expected decent service. The food, again, was pretty good. I like the Maxine crepe and could eat that day in and day out. Plus the spicy hot chocolate. YUM. I'll be back.
Went here for Sunday brunch, thanks to the Yelp reviews on this place. I'm a big crepe snob (I've... Read more 
I genuinely love this place and it's French flavor. University Avenue has a lot of these kinds of places and that's why I come here. The place is very small and quaint. The pastel wallst, the paintings and prints on the wall and the little counter seating next to the stove all portray that local, cozy French kitchen. The dealbreaker is the lack of wi-fi and the small cramped seating. There's just no room to move and wi-fi is A MUST. The food continues the French stylings with their crepes and sandwiches. They have a couple varieties (not enought) of crepes and they have salads and croque monsieur and croque madame sandwiches which look and taste pretty good. The food is a plus in my book. Overall it's a good choice for a small get together for one or two friends, but be patient and you'll get some pretty good food.
I had my bridal shower here.  We were looking for a small venue in Palo Alto, and this place seemed to be the right size.  We were able to take over most of the main space for our party.  They were very flexible with what they could prepare for us - basically the owner said - we can make you anything.  What we ended up doing was having everyone get an appetizer, savory crepe and sweet crepe.  The place is open late so that worked out very well for us.
My boyfriend likes this place a whole lot better than Crepes Cafe in Menlo Park, where the waiter snickered at him for mispronouncing Croque Monsieur. Thank goodness for that, since Bistro Maxine is slowly becoming one of my favorite date spots. The wait staff is really friendly and the dessert crepes are especially good.
Great coffee, so-so crepes, terrible soup.  This is a 2.5 stars but I'm rounding up to 3. Went there on a Friday night and was surprisingly quiet.  Decided to go with the 3 course with French Onion Soup selection, Ratatouille with Barn Sausage, and finished with a Banana Nutella crepe. The soup was a complete disappointment.  Flavor was thin, cheese was inadequate.  I'll say what needs to be said: the frozen stuff at Trader Joe's beats it hands down. The ratatouille held too much liquid and too chopped up for decent texture.  The result is a uniform pallette of colors.  Taste was notably better than my visual senses expected.  What did surprise me was the gamey sausage pairing.  Overall, I'd pass on this for $13. Crepes then....batter was probably too thick resulting in a hard-ish shell.  It did have an unusual crunch to it, which is actually to my liking, though not traditional French.  think a previous reviewer also mentioned this.   Filling was generous, bananas just slightly overripe like I like them. Service was mediocre at best.  The only waitress present kept stepping out to chat with friends. Would not go back even though they are in the neck of my woods.  For crepes, I'm willing to drive to Los Gatos for Sweet Pea.
M: This is excellent (referring to the crepe cevanole)! How come this place isn't crowded? N: They have an inconspicuous location. I've walked down this street a zillion times and didn't notice it. Neither has A (and A knows every place worth knowing). M: Maybe its a front for laundering money. N: Huh... M: Blah blah blah. N: You watch too much Soprano's. This quaint little french cafe is hard to spot unless you know its there;  kinda like platform 9-3/4. I digress... The spinach salad with the house dressing is satisfying, and the goat cheese crepe with honey and walnuts is excellent. The banana and nutella crepe makes a wonderful dessert. Or if you don't have much of a sweet tooth try the decaf cappuccino.
I really wanted to LOVE this place since it received better reviews than Crepe's Cafe...but alas I came back just liking it. But before I go on with my review, I must comment on the service - it's AMAZING. These guys are fabulous and really do know what Service means.   This place is a great place if you're looking for a great value.  I mean...getting two crepes and a coffee for under $15?? That's a good deal.  Granted the crepes weren't fabulous, but they weren't bad either. I love the ambiance of this place, it's like being in a little french cafe. :)   But if I must be honest, I will not come back here for the crepes, perhaps I'll try their breakfast - I mean the service here is so worth coming back for.
It's 3.5 stars, really, but just not good enough to qualify for four.  I ordered both the crepe complete and the banana-chocolate crepe just so I'd have enough to write about in my review.  They were both fine, but neither was so exciting that I will soon be writing home to maman about them.
Excellent savory crepes and a very nice staff. Can't ask for more. A bit slow if everyone orders crepes at the same time, but that's not always a bad thing.
Not impressed. The service was horrible. Waiter was snobbish, racist. If you're not white don't come here. Food preparation was poor, anyone can throw in apples, cheese and walnuts in a wrap. Nothing special. It's unique only in that it's tiny and cramped and serve coffee in bowls. Big freaking deal. You shouldn't have to pay extra for being "quaint" Waiter was rude, seemed upset he has to work there. The food did not make up for the bad service. Food was nothing special.
Food was good but servers were rude.  We will never be back to the place! We ordered an appetizer and two crapes.  First server messed up our order.  He let me repeat every single word I said.  I already felt uncomfortable being there.  He brought the appetizer and one crape only.  We told him "This is an appetizer."  He said "When do you need your crape?" with attitude.  No apologize, no re-make the first crape.  We had to start with the appetizer and waited for another crape. It took too long to bring the other crape.  While we waited, other customers on the other table ordered, received and gone.  Another table got their appetizer (Yes!  They could do it for them but not for us!), then got their crape plates.  It took that too long!  We knew we were not welcomed customers any more.  He almost hit me with the hot plate when he brought the second crape.  The first crape already got too cold, appetizer was still not finished, the small table got full.  We had to eat 2 crapes and the appetizer at the same time.  We didn't want that way. We tried to order something more.  He saw us but ignored.  OK!  They lost our additional orders and big tip!  When I took a paper napkin from the next table (Only 1 paper napkin per customer is their default.  Cheap people!), he immediately replaced it with loud noise.  It was obvious he saw and did it.  Is this the "French" way? The other server came to our table and asked how was the food.  We tried to answer but our mouths were full, he walked away before we made a comment.  Another thing I had to mention was, he talked to my friend only.  Not to me at all!  He didn't look at me, the question was asked to my friend only.  He did exactly the same when he brought us the bill.  So arrogant French attitude!
I have no idea why everybody raves about the crepes.  My crepes Normande were very bland, and the tea was just so-so despite an enthusiastic recommendation from the server. Maybe I haven't given it a fair shot, though - I'll probably come back, just for the gallic feel.
I always thoroughly enjoy my Crepes and coffee at Bistro Maxine.  My complaint is their hours.  I have been too many time when it is closed.  Sunday afternoons particularly.
Very slow...but crepes are ok...sandwiches are marginal...
Not as good as Ti Couz but their buckwheat crepes do hit the spot and their meal deal which includes oj and a coffee drink and a sweet or savory crepe is a deal indeed.
A tiny, quaint place in downtown PA.  When I went there for lunch with a friend, the tables were all full, but it didn't take long for a table to clear up and we were seated within 5 minutes. This place serves crepes, sandwiches, salads, coffees and teas... perfect for a light lunch or mid-afternoon snack.  I had the croque madame and shared the apple cinnamon caramel crepe with my friend.  The food is great here... it's the service that is lacking.  It wasn't the attitude of the waitstaff that was bad, because they were very polite and apologetic.  But they should probably strive for better service so they don't have to apologize for anything.  After we got seated it took awhile to get our menus.  Then we got our waters.  Once we decided what to order and put our menus down, it took way too long for them to come back to take our order.  I got my iced tea right away, but the female waiter took a really long time just to get my friend's diet coke.  I don't understand why they couldn't have just given us our drinks at the same time.  We also asked for a cup of ice for my friend because the diet coke was in a can and unrefrigerated.  The waitress completely forgot and we had to remind her again after 10-15 minutes had passed that she needed to bring the cup of ice.  When she finally brought it she brought a small cup (like the ones they serve water in, too small for soda) instead of a normal sized glass like the one that was used for my iced tea.  I just didn't understand why she didn't bring the regular sized glass.  The worst part was that we waited for at least 30 minutes for our crepes.  They're crepes, not some super fancy entree, and the place only has about seven tables.  It shouldn't have taken that long to get our entrees.  When I finally got my croque madame, they forgot to put the egg on top.  They ended up cooking up the egg in about a minute and I put it on top myself and something that small usually doesn't irk me, but with all the little things that happened before, it just added more fuel to the fire. Don't think I'll come back here until service is up to par with the food.
I met an old intern for breakfast at Bistro Maxine. Classic French crepes, intimate space with less than a dozen tables, delicious food.  It's cozy, so not a place for private conversation, but nice meal in cute downtown PA creperie.
They have dropped their prices a fair amount (as part of their "Crepe Week" which is apparently continuing through Fall 2010).   Savory crepes are now either $8 or $9, which for most of them is a $1 drop, but for the salmon crepe is a $4 price drop.   Sweet crepes are $3 (butter and sugar), $4 (banana crepe, nutella crepe, etc) , or $5 (most crepes that include a combination of fruit and sauce such as banana nutella).   However, considering banana nutella crepes were $6.50 before, it's quite a price drop.   I'm not sure if this is due to increased competition from Crepevine moving in down the street or what, but I'm not complaining. Our breakfast today was delicious as always (we shared the poulet a la creme and each had a sweet crepe) and my boyfriend, who is not a big crepe person, became a Bistro Maxine convert.    The service is very nice and they will do everything they can to accommodate you.   They split our shared crepe on two plates and gave us each a huge portion of side salad, which was very nice, and they made me an off the menu nutella and caramel crepe (and charged me the same price as a plain nutella crepe).   I really want to try their chocolat chaud at some point.  The only thing I would add about this place is that it takes quite awhile to make the crepes, so don't come here if you're in a hurry, because you probably won't get in and out in under an hour.   But if you're prepared to spend awhile having brunch or lunch, it's an absolutely lovely place!
Pricy but definitely worth it!   Came her for brunch with three girlfriends, and we shared the Mont... Read more 
This is a cozy place. I love ginormous lattes and the fact that they have decaf is awesome.  It's so very French ... but guess what Barefoot Coffee is a little more French. I loved it anyways... I never look at a bowl the same way again .. it's not just for soup anymore.
Bah.  I'm unclear why everyone loves this place.  Had lunch there today  because of all the good Yelp reviews, and my crepe was freakishly tough. Too much egg, or not enough egg, or something, but it was just tough.  I literally couldn't cut through it with the side of the fork and had to use the knife.  I'm talking the actual crepe part, not the fillings.  Speaking of which, the fillings were pretty skimpy. The service was OK.  Not great.  It took probably 15 minutes for my crepe.  There was one person there when I got there, who was already eating, so it's not like they were making someone else's food.
The crepes are delicious, the staff is super friendly, and the prices are reasonable. It's a great place to go on a Saturday or Sunday morning. It's fun to go at night for a quick dessert and coffee.
I came here with a group of friends, and we lucked out (it was four of us, and this place is REALLY tiny and probably even more popular) and were seated right away. I had the goat cheese and honey crepe, and it was great. It tasted fresh and light and totally nom-able. Our server was really nice and let us taste the wine before ordering. A great place to grab a bite, if you have a small group, and if Maxine's isn't already packed.
I ran into this place on my way to my hair appointment at JUUT down the street.  Boy, was I pleasantly surprised!  I was sad not to have time to try a crepe - next time.  What I was able to see is a place where people know how to make coffee and really do it as an art.  I loved my latte and cannot wait to come back and have some of their food.
I hate to be a humbug, but I'm simply not impressed here.  I mean, ok, crepes, big deal.  There's nothing *special* about the crepes.  They taste just like every other crepe I've had.  Except possibly less interesting.  Good, sure.  But just sort of blandly good.  There are better ways to spend your money on food in Palo Alto.
I've been here once. If you are looking for fine dining, then you are in the wrong place. Bistro Maxine is very small but is quite adorable. I wanted to eat crepes one day and came across Bistro Maxine and might I say I was impressed especially with the Banana and Nutella Crepe. I would go back anytime.
Disclaimer: the service is actually hit or miss, but I give this place a 5 star rating because the food is AMAZING!!! Granted, I'm Mexican and have only been to France twice, but it seems to be really authentic and is oh so scrumptious! Seriously. I don't usually like crepes that much, but THE JAMBON BRIE CREPE IS SO GOOD!!!!!!! Sorry to those that hate all caps writing, but the taste of this particular crepe is so delicious that my review merits the all caps. Apologies.
I wanted so much to enjoy Bistro Maxine. It is a quaint little French Creperie, very elegant and even authentic by my French cousin in law's standards. However, we came for a late lunch around 2:30 pm and most items on the menu were no longer available because they had run out of orange juice, croissants, toast, and even spinach. What kind of business are they running if they can't offer half the items on their menu? None the less, we stayed and ordered out 2nd and 3rd choices and waited. We waited 50 minutes for our food to be served. I'd like to say that it was well worth the wait, but it wasn't. My croque Madame substitute was average, and the onion soup was not very good, borderline awful. The onions weren't caramelized and the flavors did not merry well together. The pineapple and ham crepe was decent, but certainly nothing special. It's a shame that I did not enjoy Bistro Maxine more. It really is cute and cozy. The entire restaurant can only seat about 12 people total. We came with a party of 6 and they were ill equiped to serve us.
Came on saturday with a few friends for breakfast.  Located on Ramona, right off university in Palo Alto.   If you're into crepes, this is a place to visit. First off, the place is tiny.   I guess if they were going for the french cafe style seating, then they accomplished that goal.   The max number of people that can sit inside is probably 16 i bet.   We had 8 in our party, but we knew that going in it would be small.   The staff was friendly though, and eventually was able to get us all seated.  Looking around the room, everyone had crepes ordered; with a large coffee cup of something brown.   i soon realized it was Hot chocolate!   Hot chocolate was the thing to get there, as it was almost the size of soup.   However, i ordered a cup of coffee, and in contrast, received something that was slightly larger than 2 shots of espresso.    A friend of mine ordered some orange juice, and it could have been gulped down in 3 large sips.   It puzzled me why the Hot chocolate was enormous, but for 50 cents less, you get a couple sips of coffee and OJ. we all ordered crepes.  Half of us ordered breakfast crepes, and the other half ordered dessert crepes.   The popular ones seemed to be ham and cheese, while the dessert ones were gnutella and banana.  They were surpisingly filling, and rather tasty!   I'm not a big crepe person, but i didn enjoy every last bite of my ham and cheese and mushroom crepe.   However, i did find it odd to have a side salad on the plate with italian dressing.   I didn't find the combination of breakfast style crepe with a lunch-style salad to mesh well.   That and my few sips of coffee; gave me a different kind of full satisfaction. The price was reasonable for a cafe style like this, and was worth what i paid.   I also found it interesting that they dont have their own bathroom, and directed customers next door into the cardinal hotel.   Either they have a deal with the hotel on sharing facilities and maintenance costs, or they are absolutely brilliant to let another business clean the junk of their customers for free.   I thought that was brilliant if the latter is true.
since I took a vacation to paris during my broke college years I've had a taste for crepes. I was hoping bistro maxine would recall the total parisian street vendor crepe experience: hot, cheap and filling food. but sans the grimy hands of the street vendor. anyway, so it's not cheap at bistro maxine, but it's reasonable. my major disappointment has been failing to get warm crepes. first visit I got a nutella banana desert crepe but it had a cold, refrigerated, not yet fully ripe banana inside. as if the crepe was prepared then set aside while the banana was taken out of the fridge and slooowly sliced. next visit, a tepid swiss and mushroom where the swiss was in that weird cheese state between cold and melted. otherwise the food is tasty and subsequent visits have been better but I ask that the crepes be warm or the cheese melted.
The crepe took FOREVER to arrive.  Service is wayyy too slow.  Also, it was not that good. The topping inside was too few. Other items of the menu are boring and uninspired.
Good crepes, decent sandwiches.  A prevalence of ham, however, which is OK sometimes but not always.  The coffee and pastries are nice too.
I love crepes, its a great thing to eat for lunch.  My friend and I shared a Crepe Maxine and a crepe with bananas, sugar, and carmel.  The maxine was super tasty, definately a makes you wanna drool kind of dish.  Although, I do wish they had a bigger menu on the dessert side, its not very large at all less than 10 dishes (and most of very small combos, like fruit/nutella, fruit/sugar, nutella/sugar).  Price is a bit high, but overall i had a good time.  They serve fresh orange juice (room tempurature), its a bit sour, $2.50 each 12oz, so it can get pretty expensive.  They normally serve water at room tempurature too.
I have been here many times, and the crepes are delicious. The ham and cheese crepes are my personal favorite. The service is friendly and the atmosphere is great. The store is not big, so it will be a nice place for 2 people. There are 5 tables inside and 2 tables outside.
The food here is great. I had a spicy mocha and a mushroom and spinach crepe, and both were delicious. The staff was attentive and nice. In fact, the only reason this place doesn't get 5 stars is because the space is kind of small and can require a long wait on weekends.
This place has magic for me. I don't know what it is. The quality of the light. The delicious banana crepes. The tasty vinaigrette. The little chocolate candies on Valentine's day. The cafe au lait in bowls. ...
This place is awesome... tiny inside, but AWESOME. The crepes are pretty  close to the real thing that you would get in France. It is cozy (or tiny) and just has the feel of a french bistro to it... without the smokers!
Any place that serves hot chocolate and lattes in cereal bowls is a winner in my book - yum! There's something decadent about slurping up a bowl of hot chocolate with whipped cream :) The crepes are very good - among the best my husband and I have had outside of France. We had the brie/apple/walnuts crepe and the ham/brie crepe. Tres yum! And the banana/nutella crepe for dessert. Nothing wrong with this place in my book (well except the small size, but I'll gladly overlook it!)!
Came here for brunch about a week or so ago.  The place is really small and the tables for two are the small bistro type tables so I did feel a bit cramped.  I ordered the chicken mushroom crepe and that was pretty tasty.  I think my friend ordered a ham, cheese and spinach crepe and I thought hers was just okay.  I also ordered a spicy hot chocolate and I think it was a bit too spicy for my taste but I tried the non spicy version my friend ordered and that was good.  We wanted to try the sweet crepes for dessert but as the place started to get busier we felt guilty for hogging a table for 4 so we left.  I would most likely give this place another try to check out dessert.
A wonderful small Bistro that serves up the most delicious crepes. The crepes have nice texture and flavor. The Suzette is delightful, light and flavorful without being overwhelmingly sweet. The savory crepes are just as described. I have tried the Le Chevre and the ham and mushroom. The service is better and very attentive when the owner is present. But the rest of the staff is nice, if a little young and inexperienced. I have always had a pleasant experience here. Best of all they serve excellent barefoot coffee for 99 cents drip coffee free refills. The Cappuccino, made by the owner, was very good. It is a cute, friendly place with great food and coffee.
Everything they have on the menu is good. They make an old-style Croque Monsieur with a melted bechamel topping, and the hard cider they serve goes beautifully with the crepes. The coffee is good, too. It can get a little crowded sometimes, though - expect to do lots of squeezing behind chairs.
Great atmosphere, great value, great crepes. The staff is friendly and attentive. A PERFECT place to eat on a weekend morning. It is a tiny place, hard to see how they can make much profit, but I hope they succeed and stay forever. I read somewhere that it was started by several folks who have other gigs (one was a corp. jet pilot, even two ex's were co-owners), so maybe it can survive with just a small profit. It is a piece of Paris right here. Don't miss out.
This place is nice for a weekend morning.  The savory crepes aren't great, the salad they are served with is worse, don't order them.  However, the sweet crepes are good, and the whipped cream they put on the side is awesome. The guy below my review should be ignored, for no reason other than that he claims to be a "home chef" in his byline.  What does that even mean?  Pretentious yelpers, T_T
I love this place! It has a very authentic feel to it in every aspect; quaint, slow-paced, relaxed with a heavy emphasis on presentation and quality. The food was ridiculously good, savory and sweep crepes are both insane! The waiter seemed to fumble with our order a bit and took a good while to get our food out to us, we got about 50% off the price of our meal, which tells you something about the owner, he cares about his customers' experience and you can expect the same.
Beautifully executed crepes. Also the (authentic) buckwheat versions were delicious. Cozy parisian ambience. Friendly service. Highly recommended :-)
Terrific crepes that rival the best that I've had during my trip to France. Friendly service, reasonable prices, and charming atmosphere. What else does one need? Only more room in the restaurant, so more of us could enjoy! :-D
Friend service and tasty crepes
My boyfriend and I had the chocolate crepe and the honey crepe. They were quite good. The service was ok.
I LOVE visiting Bistro Maxine.  The place is small and quiet, which I think is a plus and is a great spot to ppl watch on a lazy weekend.  My husband and I often stop by for their Chai and/or Banana/Nutella Crepe - which is to die for.  Their chocolate mousse is also pretty good.  Have not yet tried the breakfast menu, but it's on my list!
Authentic French, decent crepes.  But it does have decent wines by the glass.  A bit of a chicky place, though!
Love crepes, galets and real cider (the one with alcohol). Got addicted to it in France and really was missing it till Maxine. If you are hungry order galet - non-sweet crepe. I don't think I tried every kind, but loved everything I tried! Some review were complaining that the was not much in the crepes. Well, compare american and french waist lines: which one you would rather have? For me the amount was perfect balance of dough and filling. Their coffeee is so-so, but definitely on par, even better than Coupa's next door. The biggest issue with Maxine for me: when I come it's usually empty, but the waiter is always worrying when we take a 4-person table for 2. I just don't like their small tables and have to promise to surrender the table if a big companies will start pouring in. Hmm... Owner, please, make this table arrangements/agreements brief and less stressful. It always compete with my cravings for your sider and crepes.
5 stars for this quaint little bistro with crepes so yummy you will feel as if you're back in France.  I've been on a quest for great crepes on the Peninsula and Voila!  I found it.  En plus (couldn't help myself there...), the cafe au lait brings you right back to a streetside cafe on the Boulevard St. Germain complete with a big bowl to drink it from.  Yuuuuuum!  Jonny, server extraordinaire was fabulous.  He greets you with smiling eyes, and will make sure you have everything you need to make your experience memorable - thanks Jonny!  I will definitely be back, and hey, since I don't have to pay for airfare, can go back often!
The food here is better than in many Parisian restaurants, and in my opinion the best and most authentic French food experience in the Bay Area.  In particular, the croque monsieur is merveilleux and one of my favorite things to order. I love Bistro Maxine!!
My friend and I went on a Saturday night, and we were the only customers for quite awhile.  This was a bit awkward, since there is no division between the kitchen and the eating area, so we could see the chef and the waiter standing around bored while we ate our crepes. Bit rude service, our waiter ran into friends of his and interrupted giving us our check for a long chat with them that occurred while they all stood next to our table. Awkward. That said, the crepes were good, not super noteworthy or impressive, but rather nice..  Probably best to go earlier in the day.
Good crepes, cheap cider, yummy cocoa! There is a good selection of savory and sweet crepes.  I prefer the savory with buckwheat - you have to ask for buckwheat.  The cider is good and affordable at $13 for a 750mL bottle.  The hot chocolate is huge and perfect on a cold rainy day. The place is very small (seats about 14 total inside), but I've never had to wait too long for a table.  The service is friendly.  I just wish they had a few more crepe ingredients - the only meats are ham and smoked salmon, and the other ingredients are pretty basic.  They definitely aren't charting any new territory.
3 1/2 stars really.  This used to be the perfect little spot with a friendly French chef who made great salad Nicoise and chocolate mousse, plus a waiter who played France Gall in the background, but they've both since left.  The crepes are still good, but my salad Nicoise is gone and the ambience is not the same sans the Frenchies.  sigh.  good things never last
A great find!  I can't believe I never saw this place before.  I've eaten at the restaurants across the street many times.  But it's small and kind of easy to miss. I saw several comments about the high price, and I'm not sure what they are about.  I guess everything is relative, but two of us had soup and a crepe and were filled up for about $25 total.  I can't remember the last time I got out of a downtown PA restaurant for less than 50.  We had the onion soup and the vichyssoise; both were delicious.  We also shared the jambon/fromage/champigion crepe  and the Nutella crepe and both of those were delicious as well. About the only bad thing I can say about the place, is that it is not a place for a night out with the boys.  Go to the Old Pro across the street for that.   It is an authentic-feeling, European style little bistro.  It is, well......precious.  It has very small tables and very few of them.  Your girlfriend will love it, and she'll think you are sensitive for taking her there..
Super!  Excellent food. Excellent service. Good music. I'll be back.
i don't know what an authentic crepe tastes like, as I've only had 2 before i got the savory crepe with ham, tomatoes, mushroom, and egg. (started with a C, I forgot) TBH, I thought the crepevine's crepes tasted better. I felt like the cheese overwhelmed the rest of the flavors here... probably not coming here again, though i might try it one more time for their croque monseiur.
We have been here before. Had good experiences before. Last week the crepes were too soft/undercooked? Service was not as fun and friendly as usual. Maybe a bad Maxine day. We will be back again. BTW, prices are slightly on the higher side, but it is worth it when you visit on a good Maxine day.
this place is really cute.  there are only about 15 seats, so it's quite cozy.  when we got there, there were only 2 seats left at the counter, so we snagged those.  i got the mushroom, spinach and egg crepe, which came w/ a side salad, and my husband got the banana nutella.  they look small but they were pretty filling.  the spicy hot chocolate is good too, but it could have been hotter.  get the crepes w/ buckwheat instead, which makes you feel healthier.
not a ti couz crepe, plus not a classic buckwheat crepe batter, but i do have to say that the contents were really good in the one i got -- poulet a la creme.  (chicken + mushrooms, creme fraiche)  also tried the epinard with spinach, ham, egg, but the creme fraiche came on the side -- not as good.  very cozy place (no laptops allowed), so if you're coming for lunch, try early.
Crepes are very good, just not amazing.  Food can take a long long time to come out when they are busy (I mentioned that to the waiter who just grinned at me).  Some coffees are served French-style, in a bowl.  There are four tiny tables outside. The waitress spent time chattting loudly (disturbing to me at least) by the outside tables with a "street person"  whom she apparantly knows, and who then went around to each outside table trying to sell his street newspapers  (guess he feels at home here bugging people who just want to eat lunch in peace).  Another of the four tiny outside tables was occupied for a very long time with one guy who sat there reading a book forever with one coffee while other people coming past obviously wanted a table, and I think the restaurant should discourage that somehow when it's busy, because the place is very small and tables are limited.  He can go do that at Starbucks, eh?
Considering it's Palo Alto, a $6 crepe isn't bad.  And the goat cheese, honey, and walnut one is worth the extra couple bucks.  Their savory crepes are better than their sweet ones -- I'm not sure why, they use good Ghiradelli chocolate and all, but you'd think for a crepe place, they'd be a little yummier.  It's really quaint though, nice for a late breakfast/brunch on a weekend!
it is just ok
I had something called a croque madame and a spicy hot chocolate it was delicious!  The service was great but the dining area was a bit small.  I organized a 12 person lunch there and I think that is the biggest group you can bring.  It is a great place for a light lunch or an afternoon pick me up.  Give it a try.
First of all, I love the decor.  It does feel/look very French inside.  I came here to use a Groupon that I'd purchased. The service was good...very friendly and attentive I thought. I had the butternut squash soup, which was delicious even though it turned out to be vegetarian (very un-French of them).  I also enjoyed the salad.  The crepe was only so-so.  It was pretty bland, and not crispy(I took it home and crisped it up a bit but the blandness was inescapable).  As a frequent visitor to France, I have pretty high standards so that part was really disappointing (even the street crepes have this quality, and if you've ever been to Creperie Josselin in Montparnasse, you'll know what I"m talking about). At any rate, if you want the experience of a tiny, charmingly French setting, then try this place out (and no, they aren't all rude.  I've had very good service at many French places).  I think most people will find it to be quite good, I just wish that they were able to make tastier crepes. (I'd probably try the Croque Monsieur there next time).
Favorite crepe place in the area. Love the Crepe Complete, the Mocha, the Strawberry Crepe and the Crepe Suzette as well as the simple crepe with just lemon juice and butter is divine. I do think it's quite pricey for such a small crepe, but it's the best around and a much better deal than the similarly-priced but mediocre places around (Crepes Cafe, Coupa Cafe, Cafe 220, Douce France, etc.)
Great service, delicious crepes with a good selection of sweet and savory, ... only been once, but I think I would return. Also, i love the charming mugs they serve the coffee in... I would buy them if they sold 'em.
By far the best crepes are made by Olivier, who works in the evenings. My favorites are the Maxine, Forestier, and the Suzette. When I came here in the morning a few times, there was someone else working and those were not good. But they did try to please me and made another, but it was still not good so they adjusted the bill. Tonight my Maxine crepe and the Suzette they treated me were divine, made by Olivier. Great attentive staff and they care about your experience.  I will be back for more by Olivier!
I've passed this place so many times since I live a few blocks away from here, so I decided to try... Read more 
I here on a Saturday morning for brunch. It was just wonderful! We were quickly seated and the service was great. The waiter was incredibly friendly -- I really felt like I was a regular at the neighborhood breakfast place, even though it was my first time there... Not to mention of course that the crepes delicious!
friendly chef & waitress, cozy environment, delicious crepes
Yummy, very simple menu but tasty food.  It's an extremely small place, with maybe six tables inside and two outside on the sidewalk, and most tables seat two or three at most.  It can be a bit noisy.  Nice for a lunch, but I haven't tried being there for dinner yet.
Went back once my sinuses cleared and these crepes are awesome!!!  I liked it the first time but could only taste 80% of my food, glad I went back for another shot.  It was delish and the best crepe place around!  It's a cute shop and they have excellent customer service!
I went here when I was sick so my taste and smell was working at about 80% and I still give this... Read more 
I was disappointed by the nutella crepe I ordered. It was way too sweet because it had too much nutella in it. But then again probably many people would like that, not me, I would have preferred it to be less sweet. I liked the Latte though and it came in this huge bowl, pretty cool :)
Bistro Maxine is located in downtown Palo Alto.  Parking is available on the street and in the underground parking lot across the street.  The first thing I noticed upon entering the restaurant was that it was not very big.  There were maybe 5 tables within the restaurant and two outside.  I ordered a buckwheat crepe filled with spinach and cheese along with some creme fraiche.  I found the crepe to be simply average.  While the fillings were good, I thought the crepe itself was a bit dry.  I'm not sure if that's just how they are made at Bistro Maxine or if my friend and I just happened to go on an off day.  I'm not sure if I'll go back to this restaurant considering there are better ones all over downtown Palo Alto.  Plus a Crepevine recently opened on University Avenue, and while I haven't been to this particular Crepevine, I've been to others and I've never been disappointed.
My family and I (Wife and two boys) love going to Bistro Maxine for lunch. It is kid friendly and they have lots of vegetarian as well as non-vegetarian crepes. We really love the buckwheat crepes. They serve Barefoot Roaster's coffee which they make really well. The manager Jonny is really nice. To top it off, their prices are really reasonable, especially for Palo Alto. The only caution is that the service is not so speedy when they are busy. Will continue to be a regular and recommend this place to friends.
I love crepes! I start out with the goat cheese/spinach and then move on to a chocolate-banana morsel. They taste pretty authentic, just like in France.
Just had delicious crepes at Bistro Maxine this evening.  I had the buckwheat pancake with goat's cheese, spinach and mushrooms and I found it very delicious.  For and extra $2.50 you can have a quite decent side salad to go with it.  My husband tried the ham and brie crepe and said it was great.  We split a crepe sucre with grand marnier to finish off.  All this was more than enough food.  The wine is a little pricey but you can drink cider for $3.50 that is not sweet.
I use to go there almost every week, but suddenly my favorite waitress quit  and I did not get that personal attention you like when you go to a restaurant. The owners are almost never there they  owners started to cut down on costs and the crepes had less food inside and charged the salad separately ( it use to be included before). The hot chocolate is yummie they serve it just like in Paris.
I love this place!  The staff is so friendly and the food is amazing.  It can get a little crowded, but I've never had to wait long for a table.
The best crepes in bay area! The place is a bit small...not good for big groups.
i am definitely a fan. the crepe (i had the forestiere which i shamelessly tried to pronounce correctly but could not) was really, really yummy and i will definitely have the french onion soup next time (a taste of my friend's ensures me that it will be a goooood warm experience on a cold palo alto weekend) - BUT i think what won me over was the combination of the yummy food and the charm of the place! it's very small and simple - making it feel (appropriately) like  neighborhood ("best kept secret" type) eatery, here are tables outside at which you can enjoy... well being outside, and the owner is very friendly! when we got there at prime, saturday lunch hour it was crowded! so we sat outside - which i loved as it was a very nice pre/between-rain kind of day. but it was rather cold and the owner (i am guessing his was the owner - tall, skinny, glasses, soft voice, with french accent) apologized for there being no tables inside and told us he would move us in as soon as tables were available! who does that?! he does. i will go back for lovely weekend lunches/brunches here again and again to be SURE! =)
ok food!
