I actually learned of this place when I was on my search for authentic creme brulee and boy was I satisfied. the texture is just firm enough and just creamy enough to not be disgusting, with a perfectly torched crust and visible bits of vanilla in the bottom. Not to mention that it is served in a wide, shallow ramekin so that the ratio of crust to creme brulee was just right. i can go on and on about it but i shall mention other things now. Service is nice - there is always a crowd, but with good reason. servings are generous and will not leave you hungry; I have had brunch, lunch and dinner here and I stay by my claim for all meals. The sandwiches are generally nicely sauced and filled with whatever meat you order (I normally get lamb; it is always sooooo goood), and the poached eggs are done just right. This is a place that I love and try to visit as often as I can. The decor and the service create a wonderful weekend atmosphere.
Very disappointing visit here.... The wait was really long for brunch which was expected but the once we got our table; I was shocked that it took more than 20 minutes for us to get our food. They forgot our scones which I didn't realize until after the meal. I had the grilled chicken sandwich with fries which was more equivalent to a charred chicken sandwich. The fries were soggy and limp; quite shocking for a "French" bistro-esque place. Nothing great to write home about; service was spotty and this place definitely gets its business when people can't wait for Cafe Pastis and Joanie. I'm sad to veer from Joanie's. Never again!
Love California street.   Has lot of potential, to be a late night street like Castro or Downtown Palo Alto. Love the Cafe's food, decor, neighbors.   Food is great too.   The butter seems to be truffle flavored, could make a meal from the butter and bread.
Good service and good ambiance.   Recommend the cassole, with three great types of meat and white... Read more 
I enjoy their brunch for one main reason. The Brioche . The brioche and scones are to die for. Brioche:  Light, buttery and slightly crispy on the exterior. And a bit lemon but so very slight.  I was wishing for orange marmalade with this.  I also wish they'd sell their brioche fresh every morning somehow. I bet people would come to buy a few to eat fresh..with their coffee from zombie runner nearby where there is a coffee cart  that is AWESOME .  The food here is good and I especially enjoy the omelettes but I have to say that I come here for their scones and brioche.  It's their Brioche which draws me back in every time.
After visiting the Palo Alto Junior Museum and Zoo, we yelped a breakfast and brunch place... This didn't come up but it's between Patis and Joanie's, which seem to be popular places.  I ordered the pancake plate.  I didn't realize the pancakes would come with berries and bananas on top, so I chose a side of fruit (instead of bacon) so I could share with my kids.  (A side of fruit is not very much fruit at all.  Next time going to go with a different side... Like bacon. :) The three of us enjoyed the pancakes - was just the right amount for us. We also tried their namesake - a brioche.  Can't really say I had one before... Could taste the egg in it, but it was good with the strawberry jam.  Husband chose a baguette with his 2 egg, homefries, and apple chicken sausage (yum!) breakfast, but I thought the baguette was toasted a little too crisply for my taste. We took a seat outside, but it was a bit chilly since it's shaded - be sure to bring a sweater if you plan to eat al fresco!  I'm not usually hanging out in Palo Alto, but we wouldn't mind coming back.
I tried Cafe Brioche for breakfast on Saturday morning. It's located in the California Street business area. It opens at 9:30am which I found strangely late for a place that serves breakfast. The menu is a pretty standard selection of eggs, meat, pancakes, and potatoes. The ingredients of the egg dishes are more upscale and have some interesting combinations. I got the spinach, basil, walnuts and Roquefort cheese. The scramble was a little undercooked but pretty good. There was Roquefort in every bite. I didn't taste much of the basil. The walnuts were a wonderful addition. The potatoes are just roasted chucks of potato with onion and peppers. I was disappointed that none of the food was very hot. In addition to the meal is either toast or brioche. Get the brioche. For the love of God get the Brioche! It was amazing. It was crusty on the outside and soft on the inside with a subtle lemon flavor. It was served with a little butter and jam on the side. I wish the jam was homemade for the brioche. Actually, it was more of a jelly that tasted like Smuckers. The service was good. The place was nice. There is a small outdoor area. The decor is charming. This wasn't the best breakfast I've ever had but it was interesting. I would try this place again.
One of our favorite breakfast spots in Palo Alto.  Amazing omlettes and scrambles.  For example: spinach, basil, walnut, and roquefort scramble.  Sounds good right?  It is.  So is the brioche french toast.  The bread is really dense and so good when coated with egg batter, powdered sugar, etc.  Nice casual laid back atmosphere, great spot to have a leisurely breakfast/brunch with a newspaper.
This is probably my favorite brunch spot in the Bay Area, hands down! I come here with my besties on almost every trip home I make. And we've been going for years! I love their creative scramble options and they allow you to sub egg whites. I usually get the spinach/sundried tomato or the spinach/basil/walnut scramble. Both are divine. The potatoes that come on the side are also delicious! The best part about brunch is they offer you brioche, a scone or a piece of baguette with your meal. The scones are my favorite! I've had the brioche with jam several times too, and it is also heavenly! I have never had an run ins with shoddy service, but there is often a wait for a table on the weekends. Always a plus when they have big coffee mugs that are frequently refilled!
Cafe Brioche is really growing on me.  I especially love the Duck Confit Salad - perfect for a light meal or a starter.  Food is relatively light, and the ambiance is casual, yet cute and sophisticated. Prices are reasonable for quality of food. I'm a big creme brulee fan, and have very high standards.  This one didn't meet the bar, unfortunately, but it's definitely above average.
I'm on a tear reviewing places on California Ave. so I figured I would continue with Cafe Brioche. I took my friend's advice and got the Eggs Benedict and a chocolate croissant.  I thought the eggs were quite delicious; the chocolate croissant was good but nothing too out of the ordinary. Service was good, and the cafe had a quaint, charming feel to it.  One gross thing though: my friend's egges benedict had a hair in it....ew!  After alerting the server, he promptly apologized and served a new one.  I realize that mistakes happen, and I appreciated the way they apologized, but still pretty gross.  Not to sound overly picky, but if I ran a restaurant and something like this happened, I would make up for it with some free food or a discount of some sort.  Oh well--minus 1 star. Overall, Cafe Brioche definitely was a nice change of pace from the normal American brunch options.  The food just felt a little more refined than brunch places that give you a mass amounts of eggs/bacon/sausage/pancakes.  But you pay for it--it's probably a few dollars more than many American brunch places.
Where to start... Went there by default because Joannie's was packed and her and I wanted a little more than Izzy's (wonderful) bagels. This place for breakfast = mistake. We were seated in a small table in the corner under the specials board. The table was wobbly (which I don't think I've ever experienced in Palo Alto) and was just super crowded. Pretty sure with workers and patrons they exceeded occupancy code, which I'm not the code enforcement officer I'm only commenting because it very much impacted the experience. Onto the food: I ordered the coconut bread banana french toast, Which were on the low side of okay. The flavor was there but I got these 3 little squares (the bread) that comprised my meal, this "special" was $9.75. I order side of bacon for $4.25 and received 4 well over cooked pieces. She had an omelette that had prosciutto and artichoke in it. It was a nice sized omelette but the flavors didn't fuse. I'm still not sure why this place was this place was busy? The food was nothing great and way overpriced, it was packed and not at all comfortable, and the staff were miserable (maybe this place is authentic French???) Most people (not all)  in Palo Alto are pretentious... with that fact I still cannot get my head around why this place was so busy. I  wait a day or two to write reviews to temper my thoughts and feelings and after two days this is still the take away; small and cramped, expensive, average flavor, and a blah staff.
Place has gone down hill. If you're looking for a pleasant experience, avoid going here when there is the dour faced hostess up front.  I thought she gave us the evil eye for having kids.  No, she was pouty to everyone that night. Lamb shank was blah.  Duck was meh.  Flavor seemed lacking.  I've had these here before and I was expecting better.  At least the kids enjoyed their pasta. The french onion soup was good.  But I think that's only because I love french onion soup.  Yum. Oh yeah, the wine by the glass was yuk.  Per conventional wisdom, wine by the glass is hit or miss.  Well, this time it was miss.  I guess I picked the bottle of cabernet that had been opened the week before ... ? And the chocolate lava cake was burnted!  Never seen that before, but there it was.  I like my kalbi a little charred, my catfish a little blackened, but not my chocolate lava cake please. Again, no fun with that sad hostes sulking about.  But the owner was nice, as usual.  I won't be back, at least not for dinner.  Brunch, I imagine, is still good.  But better see who's up front first...
We came here for brunch during the Sunday morning farmer's market, so everything was pretty packed. We picked Cafe Brioche because there was very little wait time. The decor seemed a bit cheesy to me (trying too hard to be "authentic European") but the food was great! I got pancakes, eggs and sausage and my boyfriend got the artichoke and brie omelette with hash browns. The omelette was delicious! Sausage was good, and hash browns were very good - perfectly crispy. The eggs were done perfectly. Really, I have only two complaints. First, the pancakes were only offered plain - they wouldn't do blueberry, strawberry, etc. You could get them with a fruit topping, but that's not quite the same, and it's so easy to do! Just throw some fruit in the batter. Meh. They were nothing to write home about. Second, our server seemed pretty obviously new and just wasn't very good. Nervous, would disappear for long stretches of time, and not very knowledgeable about the menu. C'est la vie. I also wasn't a big fan of the Very Loud Guy at the table next to us, but that's not the cafe's fault. I guess, just don't pack everybody in so tightly? In the end I would ideally give them 3.5 stars, but the food was so tasty I'll go for 4.
We've been here twice so far and we like this place quite a bit. The food is very good - I had the fish specials both times while my companion had entree salads. The food is consistently good. Service is also good and the staff are pleasant. Very nice atmosphere. Update: We've returned to this restaurant for brunch a few times. The beignets are excellent! The service and the food are consistently great. You can't go wrong with the specials. We've tried the restaurant next door as well (Pastis), and Brioche is the better restaurant by far with better food, service, and prices.
Excellent location for Sunday brunch! Came here to third wheel with one of my favorite couples on a beautiful sunny day. We started with the wheat germ pancakes to share which actually tasted pretty healthy...before being drenched with syrup and butter. They had the grainier texture of bran which I liked for the pancakes. I ordered the croque monsieur which is the swiss cheese and ham sandwich on brioche bread with a mustard spread that reminded me of creamy horseradish. The brioche was delicious, airy and sweet and they were generous with the ham and cheese. My friend ordered the croque madame which is essentially the same thing but with two over easy eggs. I was quite jealous of her eggs. Her man ordered the lamb sandwich which came on an herby ciabatta-like bread and served with fries. Could use some veggies for health purposes but otherwise the lamb was seasoned and grilled nicely. Ended the meal with the beignets which were slightly disappointing. We clearly received the ones that were accidentally fried too long because they had a deep tan going on in comparison to the golden ones at the next table over. We also found a random sugared fry in the mix! They just barely satisfied my beignet craving but hopefully that was just a one time fluke. Prices are VERY reasonable!
Duck confit salad - delicious, at times a bit dry, but overall delicious. could have more spinach or greens in general. Small portion. Hazelnut crusted salmon - sauce was a little overwhelming but the salmon was cooked perfectly, and i loved the sauteed spinach and leeks. Creme Brulee - The standard, but delicious! UPDATE: Had brunch here. The raisin bread french toast was completely overwhelming. Soggy, sweet, barely toasted? The croque madame was tasty. All on the pricey side. The omelettes seemed like a better choice.
As I've said in previous reviews on yelp, I rate a place 5 stars if I want to come back again. This place was MUCH better than Joannie's next door. My cousin, fiance, and mother joined me here yesterday for a Sunday brunch. I ordered a tofu scramble with spinach, pine nuts, etc. And it was delicious (I recently had a tofu scramble at Hobee's and also had a similar experience). However, unlike Hobee's it did come with a side of some fruit in addition to a choice of baked item (which I guess is like the equivalent of how Hobee's has their coffee cake). I chose to get the scone of the day which was a delicious banana coconut scone. Someone else got the brioche and I did try that as well but I definitely loved the scone better. The special my mother ordered was a raisin bread french toast, which reminded us of bread pudding and was also delicious. My fiance, who usually orders a huevo rancheros every chance he gets at a breakfast place also said that Cafe Brioche's was much better than Joannie's. I did get to taste a bit of my cousin's food as well (it was this cheesy mixture of ham and potato and was also pretty good). The price for each item was just under $10 each so it's not overly pricey. The restaurant is located right on the strip of California Avenue where they have the farmers' market on Sunday mornings, so I definitely planned to and did take advantage of that before/after the brunch, which I would add as a pro.
This place is part of our family's Sat morning routine. The food is top notch. Definitely get the brioche. My favorite brunch entree is the house smoked trout. It comes with hash browns and poached eggs. Finally, finish with the beignettes (home made donuts) and coffee. You won't be disappointed. The reason for 4 stars rather than 5 stars is that service can be a bit hit or miss. At times, it's a little like the soup Nazi from Seinfeld. There's almost an air of "you're lucky we're serving you." But hey--we keep coming back.
This review is for both the brunch and the dinner. BRUNCH: When I come here I usually get the croque madame, which is apparently what everyone else gets. Yay for being in the majority! Well in this case, the majority is in fact correct. Their croque madame is epically delicious and comes with a generous salad. Get it! DINNER: I came here recently for dinner and Brioche did not disappoint! I got the hazelnut crusted salmon in merlot-blackberry sauce. The fish was flaky and delicious and the sauce was rich and flavorful, boosted up by the spinach and leeks that soaked it up. YUMMM. For dessert, get the blackberry cobbler a la mode. It will knock your socks off.
The food was good and prices were high average for lunch. The hostess was lovely. However their menu was a bit confusing. I saw that one could 'add' one of 2 salads for $1. I was surprised when the salad added to one of their main entrees read $5. I called it to the waiter's attention and showed him what it said on the menu. Clearly they don't care about return customers, or at least this waiter didn't care. If he had he would have offered to adjust my bill other than continue to show me why I was wrong. To add insult to injury, we ate outdoors as my dog was with us. I inadvertently left her water bowl on the table after drying it out. When we returned, no one had seen it. Yeah, right. The 3 is for the food and the great company. There are lots of restaurants on California Street - many have outdoor seating. This will not be one on my list.
Good food and nice place for weekend brunch or lunch.  Busy with a wait on a Saturday around 1pm. The food was excellent.  Especially the brioche (in croque madam), thank goodness, since it's in their name. The service was also friendly.  We opted for an outside table to shorten our wait, and were assured that the heat lamps were on.  Unfortunately, on this particularly chilly day, the heat lamps seemed to keep going out.  When the lamp could no longer be started, we were offered a blanket to stay warm.  Very thoughtful.
My friends and I came here on New Year's Day because it was the only breakfast restaurant open on the street. Naturally, it was busy, but we were told the wait was only 15 to 20 minutes. We weren't seated until 45 minutes later. A waiter was quick to get our drinks, but it took another 15 minutes to get someone to take our order. We had to ask the host (who we were sitting next to) to get someone a waiter to our table to get our food order. After that, the food came relatively quickly, and it tasted okay. I had the avocado bacon omelete which was good, but I didn't like the crispiness of the omelette, and my potatoes were a little cold. The pancakes I tasted off my friend's plate were pretty fluffy. Overall, though, the food wasn't worth the hour wait to get it.
Relatively charming little place. However, they don't deliver what they promise. I had a premonition my smoked trout was not going to be as advertised after asking if it was smoked there (since it was called house smoked trout). My sister had asked whether the fries were cut/prepared @ the restaurant and he reluctantly said no. So when the "smoked trout" came to the table, it was hot instead of cold, smoked trout. There was nothing smoked about it. Also, they offered a raspberry scone as a bread option. It tasted like a muffin and absolutely nothing like the consistency of a scone. They did do the poached eggs well. This place seems like it wants to be a fancy little French Cafe, but they have no idea how to make these kinds of items. Two of us had this and were bitterly disappointed. The 3rd meal we had was average. Service is not too strong either. I wouldn't waste my time on this joint.
Came back again for Saturday brunch. Again, seated quickly. Had the artichoke, brie, and hazelnut omelette and my companion had the smoked trout (and an order of fluffy pancakes and crispy bacon on the side). Both were decent. My omelette was tasty but too salty and I couldn't taste the artichoke hearts at all. The trout was slightly better but the serving size quite small. Here's the thing--everything was quite decent but in retrospect I think both this and Joanie's are 3 star experiences with occasional potential for better. I am therefore revising my rating. I will certainly return! I like the place. But I think it's a three star.
I came to Cafe Brioche for weekend brunch and was seated almost right away. Service was fast, if... Read more 
I make this place a must for weekend breakfast.  Great attentive staff. I love their fish dishes.
This place is great, good food, good ambiance, and excellent service.  The food took a little long but well worth the wait.  I suggest the Seafood Paella, terrific!  Hope you like it as much as we did.  Definitely coming back to taste the other menu items.
Boy do I love brunch! As Roger on American Dad said " "I love brunch, Steve. I love everything about it. I love drinking too much, blowing off my afternoon plans, sleeping, waking up disoriented..." Cafe Brioche is my go-to brunch place every Sunday, followed by a quick stroll through the local farmers market. Their egg dishes are pretty good. I usually have whatever their weekly omelet special is with brioche bread and jam (housemade?). I've never gone there for lunch or dinner, but their sandwiches and salads also look delicious. Do note that if you come on a Sunday, expect at 30 minute wait minimum, but it's worth it. It's a great place to waste away your early afternoon.
3.5 stars. Not bad. Came here for brunch.  Good alternative to Joannie's since Joannies was overcrowded.  Were seated relatively quickly, and had an attentive server.  Pay attention to the specials of the day as those may be good.  Breakfast and lunch items are served here.  For breakfast, there is an assortment of omelets, eggs, bacon, waffles, and French toast.  Not too sure about lunch menu items. Also, the foods may come with either choice of baguette, brioche, or scone.  Wouldn't recommend getting the baguette choice though because it seemed super hard to me.  Scone would be a good recommendation because I tried to order that, and they ran out...which must mean that it's good, lol. Street parking is available, but there is also a parking lot nearby Antonio's Nut House for those who can not parallel park (like myself).
I've been here a few times now, usually when Joanie's Cafe is too crowded. I have to admit, I like this place better than Joanie's Cafe. The food is good and the service is friendly. Most people compare the two for brunch, and I give Cafe Brioche the edge because they make such delicious homestyle potatoes with peppers and onions. At Joanie's, I made the mistake of ordering the hashbrowns which were blander than bland. The two egg breakfast here is generous, and I really enjoy their pancake breakfast with eggs and sausage. The pancakes are nice and fluffy. This past visit for brunch at 10:30 on Saturday, I was tempted by the croque madame. The fried eggs were perfectly done, with the yolks having the perfect amount of runniness. I asked for the Dijon mayonnaise on the side, which may have been a mistake. The ham was okay, the cheese congealed, the bread a bit overdone. The french fries were good though. Even with the slight misses, I ate the whole thing. And then I wasn't hungry until 5pm. It was that filling. You definitely get your bang for buck at Cafe Brioche. If I ever return, I will order the pancake breakfast, the leg of lamb sandwich, or the fried oyster sandwich. Those all looked good. Watch for the daily specials too, posted on the chalkboard.
I went there last night and I had a really great dinner. Their food is outstanding at a great price point.
Not Impressed. Went here today  around noon. I chose to sit by the bar and there were atleast 6 servers minding the little cafe. I chose their special item of the day from menu, the Raspberry Banana French Toast. It was *waaay* too much sweet( I have to tell you, i am kinda of person who takes two table spoons of sugar in 8oz coffee). I could hardly finish one of the three slices served. After sitting there for a while without touching my food(no one minding the bar even cared to ask if there's something wrong), i had to get one of the servers attention. I explained that i'd rather like to get something else to eat and chose get a half order of scramble instead. The toast was taken back and after 15 mins some tiny bit of scramble and some country potato pieces make their way to me, this dish was merely okay. I ended up paying for both orders in full. I dont care to pay for both orders but there's not even a formal 'sorry' or even an apologetic tone.. Worst of all no one seem to care asking for coffee refill or serving bread like how the other tables were attended on time. The whole thing made me feel like as if i was not welcome there. I am very much disappointed!!! :/
Loved this place. To begin with , the lady who is in charge of seating is the sweetest person I have come across. She was so apologetic for making us wait for 10 min.  The service is amazing. They serve with a big smile and are super pleasant. Now to the food. We had Brioche Beignet fritters which nothing short of yum. A nice and crispy start to our meal. For our main course we had Raviole Epinards. The  white sauce was rich and nice. The tomatoes were roasted well and the raviole was perfect. We finished it off with a latte and that was strong and nice. They even garnished it with chocolate powder and I loved that part. The ambiance is cozy and comfy. I think it's a perfect place to catch up with friends or even a date night ?
I came here with a group of 8 + 1 baby, and the staff was perfectly accommodating!  Food came out pretty fast and was decently sized. I ordered the tuna steak sandwich, medium, with fruit salad on the side. The sandwich was tasty, but the outer edges of the steak was...like I asked for, cooked medium. And when tuna is cooked medium, it can be a bit dry! I'd recommend ordering medium-rare. Other than that, tasty! I split my meal with my bf's, who ordered the fried oyster sandwich. YUM! The oysters were pretty substantial, maybe 5 big oysters worth? The sandwich was served with this mayo aoli type sauce - really good, but also a bit more oily than the standard sandwich. Prepare yourself for oily goodness. If I'm in the area, I'd come here again. The hash browns looked good, as did the burger!
Well balanced menu that does Everything VERY GOOD. Chicken sandwich, fries, burger, and salads all good.
We came down for lunch yesterday and weren't disappointed. I have to warn you though, if you're trying to find this place via Google Maps, type in "S California Ave" instead of "South California Ave" because it will send you in the wrong direction otherwise. Anyway.....once you manage to find it, I think you'll be happy. The decor is cute, done up like a little French cafe. It's a little cramped inside but manageable. Service is super friendly and very quick. I had the portobello sandwich with fruit and it was delicious! I did have an issue with the bread though....the French bread is too hard and crusty and big, so it's difficult to eat and tears up the roof of your mouth. A squishier bread would work much better. Anyhoo, the fruit was fresh and delicious and not just a bunch of unripe melon chunks - fresh pineapple & strawberries were also in the mix. My husband had some kind of lamb sandwich I think, and appeared to enjoy it because he scarfed the whole thing in nanoseconds. On nom! Parking seemed to be a bitch at first until we discovered the garage across the street hiding behind the bank. Tons of spots at the top, and free to boot :D
Great brunch place.  As the name implies, the brioche roll at this place is a specialty item they seem to include in a lot of the breakfast platters.  The rolls themselves are large and have the consistency of a scone.  When hot and eaten with jam, it is a pleasant experience and far better than the standard slab of toast. I ordered a southwestern omelette, just get a sense of how they handle the basics.  The omlette came out nice and solid, ingredients almost exploding from the egg scramble itself.  If anything they almost did not add enough egg. The portions are a little on the small side for the price, so if you're feeling hungry, you'll either have to fork out more for food or go somewhere else.  This place is best with small groups 2-4.  Large parties will find seating more difficult.
There's not too much that can go wrong with breakfast/brunch items...and let me start off my saying that the food was mediocre at best.  I had pancakes with eggs, sausage.  And my friends all had different omeletes.  Ok, so what was the problem? 1.  Rude host, servers - Was not welcomed with a proper hello, how many people? when our party of 4 entered.  After waiting in front of the guy for a good amount of time, he finally looks at me and I ask how long the wait is, given that it was for brunch on Sunday.  He said 10-15 mins.  Fine.  Then after seeing that there was a list of names on his chart he had on hand, I wondered why he didn't even care to ask for my name to put on the waitlist.  So I was patient yet again giving him benefit of the doubt and then after another long 5 minutes or so, he asked did you put your name on the chart? Um. No. First off, you're holding onto the chart cause you are supposedly the host, and second, isn't that YOUR job to ask?  Who are you kidding? 2. Pancakes come out. Not fluffy or light and airy. Not impressed. And, no syrup comes with it.  I ask the waiter for some, he says ok....he never comes back.  The next time he comes around to take orders from the table next to us, I had to ask again for the syrup, and finally it came.  C'mon guys!  Syrup comes with pancakes! 3. We ask that the check be split in half, to which the waiter replies, "What you say?" We ask again and he says "I don't know I'll bring the check and you figure it out." Really? Is this really the first time you've ever heard of such request working at a restaurant? Was that such a hard thing to do? 4. Last but not least. I always see how far down my water gets ib my cup before it gets refilled, and here, not ONCE was it refilled. Yep. Zip. Zero. Nada. In fact, all four glasses were empty, and no one bothered to come and refill out water. 5. You would assume that a restaurant called "Cafe Brioche" would actually HAVE brioche, and that it'd be good. First off, we ordered 3 brioche that came along with the omelets, and we only got 1. The waiter said they ran out, so instead they gave us a scone and a sliced brioche (toasted) from probably another day. Brioche is suppossed to be light, fluffy (at least from what I'm used to)...not here. It lacked flavor as well. All in all, to summarize this place, it's mediocre food with a BAD ATTITUDE. It all starts from top down, so you wonder who owns this place. Sorry, won't be coming back to check. My curiosity is out the window. Maybe this place needs to go on Kitchen Nightmares.  But I doubt even Gordon Ramsay could turn their bad attitudes around.
Really nice area, and this cafe looks pretty cozy. They have eggs benedict (my favorite) and a trout dish with poached eggs, similar to eggs benedict. I got the trout. The trout was really sweet - whatever sauce they used was a sweet sauce. Not to my liking, but if you like sweet, it is pretty good. So why only two stars? Well, first, the eggs were over-done. I want my egg yolk runny, isn't that how poached eggs are supposed to be? One was runny, the other was solid. Well, they were busy so all can be forgiven. This isn't a five-star restaurant so someone may have left it on the stove a bit too long. No problem. My iced tea came with no ice. Or straw. Then I had egg shells in my poached eggs. How does a restaurant serve eggs with shells in them?! EGG SHELLS. CRUNCHY EGGS.  Good Lord.
What a cute place! It's a great cozy place to have brunch and lunch. I came here looking for something yummy for breakfast. I saw their smoked trout dish and I had to try it. Definitely different from your standard bacon and eggs. The dish comes with poached eggs, potato pancakes and caper sour cream. It was an okay dish. The trout was more sweet than savory. Kind of unexpected. I couldn't decide if I liked it or not. The black coffee was great though. Free refills are dangerous. My only complaint is that the service was kind of spacey. At the beginning my table got all this attention and then they just sort of ignored us the rest of the time.
Ugly ambiance,  poor air conditioning and VERY bad food (dinner experience). My husband and I recently ended up going there for dinner on a Friday night because all the other French restaurants on the street was over crowded and we did not want to wait for an hour + for a table. Inside was smoky, too warm and smelling like food due to poor ventilation. Lights and decorations in the restaurant were kind of depressing. The food was tasting really bad. I don't think they care about the ingredients at all, and I don't think they know much about French cooking.  We left the restaurant very angry and the dinner basically ruined our Friday date night :( I would not ever go there again. We had dinner at this place about 5 years ago and we remember that the food was good then. Apparently the ownership has changed in the meantime. The staff was very kind and helpful. I can say nothing bad about that.
Went here very hungry on a Thurday night.  After ordering, we waited  for 30+ minutes to get our food. I had the mussels and french fries. Fries were cold and 1/4 of the small portion of mussels had broken shells. No one ever came back to us to see if we were enjoying the food or needed something. I left very disappointed and still hungry.
I like this place. Joanie's gets a lot more traffic, but that's exactly why- I can't stand eating in crowded "popular" restaurants. One of these days I'm going in for an entree, but I enjoy their breakfasts esp. the scrambles. Now, these days I tend to scream at the idea of spending more than a ten for anybody's breakfast, but the combination of the scramble + the coffee doesn't hurt, once in a while. interesting that it's a French restaurant run & staffed by Spanish speakers... Anyway the service is just excellent and the vibe is pleasant. Definitely more to my liking. I did enjoy Joanie's when they were not on the corner but since they moved- blech. Both of these places are comparably priced, and that of course is since all the dotcommers moved into Paly & Mountain View and jacked up the price of Ever'thing (including, living) but give me a choice between a crowded joint where you can't hear yourself think, and a place with just a few couples engaging in light banter I would take the "emptier" place in a heartbeat/ Of course they might decide that guys like me do little to "pump up the traffic" but then, hey, I just prefer it as such.
Utterly awful service and bad attitude: My wife and I were looking for a late breakfast place between professional appointments in Palo Alto mid-week.  As we were on a schedule, we called to see if they would take reservations and were told they did not, but getting a table at the time we wanted should not be a problem. When we got there, there were two empty tables and we asked to be seated.   The manager informed us that those two tables had been reserved.  I asked the manager how could that be since that we had called and were told that they did not take reservations for breakfast.  He said he could not explain but insisted that the tables were reserved. We walked out, never to return.   I strongly recommend you skip this restaurant and their bad attitude.
Yummy breakfast! We ordered: Croque Madame- great with a side of fruit & very filling French Toast with side of chicken apple sausage- crispy, nutty & delish. I thought it was a little weird with the oats on the outside, but I was very pleasantly surprised! Beignets- crispy and sweet Coffee and latte- perfect
I'm utterly disappointed by Cafe Brioche. I will never go there again. Here is my tale of disappointment, anguish, and anger. Joanie's is my standby brunch place, but I was on a timeline and missed getting in before 9 am when you don't get stuck with the (very worth it) 40 min wait on some Sunday mornings. So, our party decided to try Cafe Brioche because a lady sitting outside has a tasty looking Croque Madame on her plate and we were starving. When we entered, the front of house wasn't there. We weren't greeted for 5 minutes and there were obviously 2 tables open and ready to go when we walked in. Finally, the host walked up to us, was very cold, and gestured to a clear table. ( I should have walked out now... but we were hungry and I wanted to give it a chance. ) It took another 10 minutes to get waters, and about 10 more minutes before the waiter came over to take our order. It would be another 30 minutes before anyone came to our table. I ordered the special : Cherry Bread french toast - It didn't come with anything besides the french toast What about some eggs or hashbrowns? For 9.99 I expect more. My boyfriend ordered the Lamb Sandwich - It came with a measly salad Our friend ordered the Potatoes with a side of easy over eggs on top - Served in a casserole looking dish The horror! When or meals finally came, it seemed that my special was going to be okay. The taste was fine and there was some fresh fruit on top. I was not prepared for the burning stomach, near vomiting, trips to the bathroom, and nausea that have been with me for the last 12 hours. Immediately after our food arrived we looked at the lamb sandwich which has obviously been reheated in the microwave. It was fatty, limp, and had the texture of shoe leather. It was so unappetizing that my boyfriend lost his appetite entirely and decided not to order anything else. The salad was over dressed and the greens looked slightly wilted. The few bites he had of my "special" were good enough to make him feel just as awful and nauseous as I am feeling. The potatoes w/ eggs and mixed veggies looked the best of the three options - too bad I had such high hopes. The eggs on top were not over easy ( they too looked like they were put in the microwave ) and the mixed veggies reminded me of the kind you get in the frozen section at the grocery store with a couple potatoes cut up and doused in cheese. Needless to say, our Sunday was ruined, and I will never go back. Joanies is worth the wait. Don't give in!
I have eaten at brioche many times. They consistently whip up good breakfast fare. They are crowded but manage friendly prompt service. This weekend we went there with a few friends and lot of kids (party of ten - tip: if you are going with a large group you can call ahead an hour or so and they will put your name on some kind of a list - we didn't have to wait at all despite the line out the door). They have indoor and outdoor seating. I had the mushroom and shallot scramble with tofu and it was pretty good.  The cappuccino was good as well. The others in the party had french toast, portabella sandwich, pancake-egg-bacon, tuna sandwich and other things, everyone seemed to enjoy their brunch. I would definitely return and recommend.
This is my wife's and my favorite breakfast place. We often drive from our home in Campbell to enjoy this little cafe. We have always had great service, even though it can be busy on the weekends, and our food has always been wonderfully delicious. I have to say that the scones are the best I have ever had. Though they offer other baked goods, I always get the scone. They usually have a special of the day that is always incredible. I prefer the egg dishes here, but have also had the pancakes and french toast, and would recommend them. Overall, this is my favorite breakfast place in the area.  I have eaten at Joanie's Cafe down the street (they use to be next door), but it pales in comparison.
I just went here for dinner with my fan the other night and i can say that it was overall an excellent choice. The service was pretty solid, as to be expected of a french restaurant, however there was a minor spill of wine just next to me due to two servers colliding....muy malo. I ordered the duck along with the crab cakes.  Both were fantastic dishes. The carb cakes came with a avocado and a nice lime aoili. Not too much bread filler, so it was good...wish there was more then two though. I would go here again, but if your looking for an italian sized portion, you'll be disappointed. Its french, perfect sized portions, but not food coma inducing.
Amazing breakfast! Quiet on the weekday, excellent scrambles with wonderfully fresh ingredients! Good coffee too...
palo alto walk and dinner...charming cozy cafe...open for dinner...good toasty bread and olive butter...requesting second portion of tasty olive spread...bottle of white sauvignon blanc...priced little over double market price...starting with duck confit salad...the duck delicious, but the spinach salad overdressed and drenched in vinegar...extremely tangy...taking a seafood stew in red broth...quite tasty with toasty crunchy cheese bread...mussels, clams and chunks of salmon...little lemon and little tobasco...good seafood stew...also, taking a burger and fries...thick beefy patty...looking handmade...crusty bread and assuming blue cheese...hefty filling burger cooked well....and, good skinny fries on the side....roughly $one-hundred for two...
I tried the pear salad, fries and a diet coke for lunch.  I loved the decor and the salad was perfect.  The service was attentive as well.  It is a small restaurant so I was a little cold as people tend to leave the door open while deciding whether to come in or not.
Good food, reservations accepted, great date or special occasion spot or for just a delicious bite. Nice brunch options too. They have artichoke/goat cheese beignet fritters that are delicious!
To be honest, this place was much better when Joanie Cartal owned it.  The food is still good, but there are fewer choices and the service is not as good.  Sometimes I don't get everything I ordered, twice people who came in after us were waited on before us.  Twice we were charged for food we never ordered.
We came here like a lot of people did because JOANIES next door was too packed. so instead of wasting time we just waited like 10 minutes and got a table at cafe brioche. The food was good, makes me think of how much better joanies would be since their yelp rating is 239402348 times higher. i didnt like the honey wheat pancakes. they were too thick pause and kind of dry. the omelette i got was the shit tho, hella avocado and bacon in it. my lady friend got something with salmon in it. im neutral to that experience. would i recommend this place? short answer: yes long answer- yes i would.
The food here is always good! The servers are always nice and attentive. It does get loud and crowded during lunch though so be aware. The space is small and sometimes feels cramped. There is outdoor seating and on a sunny day this is a great option. I would always recommend whatever they have on special, huge portions and always delicious fresh ingredients. On the regular lunch menu I like the Roasted Leg Of Lamb Sandwich (With grilled Eggplant and Rosemary-garlic aioli on toasted herbed French roll) very tender and amazing. And the Chevre Chaud Salad (Spinach with toasted almonds, roasted peppers, warm goat cheese toasts with balsamic vinaigrette) is one of the best I have had.
Beignets. And outdoor seating on CalAve. That's all I got. That's also all this place really has to offer. But seriously... the service here is bad, the majority of the food is okay, the outdoor heat lamps don't really work, and the ambiance is hurt by the other breakfast place next door (which for some reason is always packed while this place is not). When I say the service is bad, I mean really bad: if you're lucky enough to even get a check brought to your table, they'll lose your credit card in the process of running it (true story... they found it eventually thank god) Okay, now that I've gotten that list of negatives out -- THE BEIGNETS ARE AMAZING. The price is solid. And who am I kidding? The lack of wait on busy weekend mornings (with decent food nonetheless) makes this place sort of a default brunch location.
Cafe Brioche used to be our go-to brunch establishment, but sometime in late 2009 or early 2010, the overall quality seemed to take a turn for the worse. Perhaps there was a change in management, but the service slowed and the ingredients quality declined. However, the restaurant is still a solid option. We occasionally stop by to enjoy one of the many scrambles or omlettes-- it's hard to go wrong with avocado bacon or spinach and sun-dried tomatoes.
My honey and I stopped in on a Sunday afternoon. He had a wonderful eggs Benedict ($9) and iced coffee and I had the salad provencale, which as loaded with gerkins, potatoes, olives, green beans and hard boiled egg on a bed of micro greens then topped with a healthy sized filet of grilled salmon ($14). Excellent! I love a hearty salad full of goodies. A few Yelpers complained about the service and Cafe Brioche must have listened and worked on improvements because our service was excellent. Of course we had to split an order of beignets before leaving.  They came to the table so hot we couldn't pick them up. I've had the beignets at Cafe DuMonde in New Orleans and these are every bit as good.
Ended up here on a Friday night because Cafe Pastis (next door) was packed. CB was almost empty but they had outside seating (all of it) so we conceded. Meal was pleasant enough, just not top notch, like they don't go the final yard, so its just acceptable. Had the calamari app, it was quite good, with a conventional mayo based dipping sauce (and not much of it). The frisee/lardon salad was decent, egg cooked well but the frisee was a bit tired looking and the croutons were unremarkable, as were the few bacon bits. The presentation was actually what got me, seemed a bit amateurish, not exciting and also a small (flat) plateful. The mussels were good, as was the sauce and we enjoyed dipping the bread. I was excited to see the fries as I rarely indulge, but these were nearly cold and were thin and nothing inside, too thinly cut but there was no compensating crunch. Unfortunately ate most of them anyway since it was a treat for me. All in all it was good enough i guess, but not really wanting to return. Will try Pastis next time and brave the wait.
I had a pretty good duck confit sandwich with brie and spinach. There was a little too much duck and it was a little too stringy. The complimentary bread is good, though cold. I like the decor but the quarters were too tight to be very comfortable. I wasn't blown away, but I may try it again.
We usually go next door to Joanie's, but on an unusually busy morning we decided we'd give this place a try. We were told the wait would be much shorter than it turned out to be. The menu sounded interesting, and it took me a few minutes to make a decision. I ended up ordering the honey wheat pancakes. We've made whole wheat pancakes at home, so I know they can be very tasty...I was really looking forward to their version of them. Unfortunately, they were BLAND. So very, very disappointing. Especially after waiting a VERY long time for our food. My guy had a scramble of some kind, (it wasn't very memorable, which is why i can't recall exactly what it was.) His was also pretty bland. All in all, a very underwhelming, disappointing breakfast. None of the food was bad, just lacking, and service wasn't great either. If I'm having breakfast on California Ave., I'm sticking with Joanie's.
The worst idea I ever had (and went through with) was to run a half marathon without any training. In pain during and after the race, I stopped by Palo Alto to visit a friend for lunch (I actually didn't want to but didn't want to flake, plus I was starving and didn't know if I could make the drive back to the city without any food).  We were about to go to Joanie's, but the wait time was 30 minutes for three of us, and Cafe Brioche had a few open tables left. I love breakfast, so instead of ordering from the lunch menu at 1 pm, I opted for Eggs Benedict (they offer a vegetarian option as well).  Friend had the oatmeal-rolled French toast and an orange juice (that never came), and Boyfriend had the two eggs with NY Steak. *random side note:  I'm really craving a red velvet cupcake as I'm typing this.  I have no idea why* The eggs Benedict were regular sized, with a poached egg on both slices of English muffin, topped with a slice of ham and covered in Hollandaise sauce.  I'm not sure if it was because I was starving after my race, but I inhaled the entire dish, and it was DELICIOUS.  Best Hollandaise sauce I've had in a long time, and everything was in perfect ratio.  My only complaint was the house potatoes that came on the side - they lacked flavor, and I wish they'd given me more. Boyfriend also inhaled his, since he was also starving after the race, and he liked his a lot.  Friend said his French toast was very interesting, and indeed it was - it was like someone literally rolled french toast in a plate of oats.  But it was a good interesting. The wait staff was pretty inattentive, as we got our bread at the same time as our main course.  Plus, they'd only given us two slices, and there were three of us.  They also charged us for Friend's OJ that never came, and when I pointed that out, the waiter took the bill back without saying anything (and without smiling).  Considering the restaurant wasn't super busy and hectic, I expected service to be a LOT better. Free parking close by, and there was a Farmer's Market going on right outside, which gave the whole place a lively atmosphere.  This will probably be a place that I'll be returning to, and it'd be fun to see if the food tastes just as good if I hadn't just burned off 2,000 calories.
Our experience was wonderful1 Love the decor. Felt like we were back in France.Arrived around 6:00 on a Thursday. The service was very European.. nice and slow, no rush. The food was amazing. we have found a go to spot.Taking our bffs to brunch when they come for a visit. Next morning we were still talking about what a great time we had and how terrific the food was.
I went here for lunch with a friend last week, and I absolutely loved it. They had an intriguing menu -- fairly simple French-inspired stuff, but still interesting -- but I ended up ordering the special: red snapper with buerre blanc, served over spinach, brussels sprouts, and crispy potatoes. Also, on the side, there was wonderful crusty bread with fresh butter. I didn't want to ever stop eating! Sadly, the portion was too large and I wasn't able to finish it, despite the fact that every single thing on the plate was amazing. The service was great, the ambiance of the restaurant was charming, and I had a great time.
Fun little French style bistro, great for breakfast. I have been there a couple of times now and it always is a good meal. The omelettes are always my fave. The coffee is pretty good too.
I had the Fried Oyster Sandwich and highly recommend it!
My bf & I have always thought of this place and Joanie's as equally good brunch destinations on Cal Ave, but after a disappointing visit today we definitely prefer Joanie's.  We actually wanted to go to Joanie's today but came here because the wait was much shorter.   Several specific things disappointed us.  First of all, my boyfriend reviewed the brunch menu posted in the restaurant and selected a flank steak sandwich he wanted.  It didn't appear on the menu they gave us and he asked the waiter about it and the waiter said that it was only available on weekdays and suggested he have a much more expensive steak sandwich...lame.      Speaking of the waiter, service was terrible - both slow and surly.  We were not surprised at first, because the place was very busy, but even after more tables opened up the service was still ridiculously slow. The food was mostly disappointing as well.  My bf was not thrilled with his brioche burger.   I had a brie & avocado omelette (they let me replace bacon with brie in the avocado-bacon omelette, which was very nice), and it was probably the first brie omelette I've ever disliked.   The whole omelette was cold, and the brie was also not cooked into the omelette and just served underneath it as big slabs.   Big slabs of brie are great, but I was hoping it would be melted into the eggs. The one highlight of the meal was the brioche - which was delicious, sweet and perfectly crusty.   At least they do their namesake very well, so props for that.
Had a yummy brunch here with the family a couple weeks ago.   Just about everything we ordered was... Read more 
I had been a customer for 15 years, but have finally had enough of their increasingly poor attitude towards their customers.  My worst experience yet was on March 18th when I attempted to have breakfast there.  There was a waiting list that I stood in front of so that I could get my name on it.  I waited for ten minutes for someone on their staff to come by to add names to the list.  When the guy finally came by to add names, he took the list and began adding names of people behind me.  I told him that I was there first and he just totally ignored me.  I left.  Since this restaurant doesn't need my business, I certainly don't need them.  Unless you're willing to put up with amazing rudeness to get a table and poor service, I suggest that you go to another place that might actually appreciate your business.  Certainly, I will never go back.
This review is for dinner. 2.5 stars for service. 3.5 stars for food. Came here on a Friday evening close to 8pm. A good 10 to 15 minutes passed before the waiter came to take our orders, even though the place was not crowded at the time. The waiter did not recommend anything on the menu until I specifically asked for recommendations, and even then the recommendations were general and cursory. For some reason, he seemed much more attentive to patrons at other tables. The filet mignon was overcooked and very dry- I asked for medium, but it definitely came well done. Due to the fact that we were very hungry and the difficulty of getting our waiter's attention, we decided against sending it back. Luckily the rock fish special was really great- it came with a bed of russel sprouts, tomatoes, and olives, and all the ingredients were very fresh. The dessert, blackberry cobbler, was so-so. The crust was good, but the sauce was too watery. It tastes like someone poured a bunch of blackberry jam, added some water, heated it up, and served it below a crust. At over $30 per person, this place is not worth going to for dinner. I would recommend Mayfield Cafe in Palo Alto over this place any time.
I wasn't super wowed by my food, nor were my friends. However, not too bad either. We actually came here because it looked like it'd be a shorter wait than joanie's. But I think we ended up waiting at least 20-25mins too.. Saturday at noon is popular brunch time I guess. Ordered the house smoked trout which comes w potato hash and two poached eggs. I think my server mistakenly offered me a side of baguette or scone which normally isn't the case, but they honored that and didn't charge me extra, pretty impressed. Anyway, I'd read a fellow yelper's review that the trout wasn't salty, which was largely what swung me towards this dish. It was in fact deliciously glazed w some sort of sweet sauce! Pleasantly surprised. Hash was not bad too, crisp. Definitely needed ketchup though.. Poached eggs came in a little cup and were so-so. My plate was sadly devoid of anything green. Had a token piece of cantaloupe and orange slice. Scone was not bad.. hUge! I think it was coconut cranberry. Somewhat buttery, fairly moist. Not overly sweet, which was nice. When I toasted bits of it at home it was pretty okay.. But again I'm a sucker for toasted baked gds.
I had to return my Infiniti back to the dealership because my lease was up.  I decided that I should have dinner with a few of my college friends while I'm down here.  I told my friend Gigi to pick a restaurant.  I told her to YELP it.  She picked .......Cafe Brioche. Calamari.............very oily. not crispy. the skin fell apart in a very soggy and bad way.. Hamburger..........very plain.......hated the bleu cheese on this.  I think in this day and age, you just have to come up with something better than this if you are going to charge 14 dollars for a burger. Seafood pasta in a pink sauce(cream and tomato sauce), it was the special of the night.  Pasta was ok........it's really nothing to talk about.  very boring.  unexciting. I guess coming from North Beach, my expectation was a little higher.  Scallops were under seasoned.  Mussels and claims were over cooked.  Wine was not totally cooked off.  Sauce was very thin and watery.  I like sauces that clings to the pasta. OK...........I give them props for one thing that was good.  It was the truffle french fries.  Imagine McDonald's fries with truffle oil.  I kid you not.
Came on Sunday right at 9AM when they opened. Walked in and the "manager" was staring off into space ... I had to say, "excuse me?" for him to look at me.  I then had to ask, "can we eat here?"  It was like he could care less for my business. Setting aside the horrendous service (our waiter sucked too) ... the food was alright. The best thing this cafe has going for it is the outside seating on California street. On sundays, they have a BIG farmers market going on and it's fun to people watch and listen to live music. They had a spinach/roasted tomato scramble that was pretty damn good.  Everything else I tried was just OK.
The Verdict: "Charming spot for great breakfast at decent prices." I went here with friends on a Sunday for brunch and it was packed! (We wanted to try out Joanie's, but the wait was at least double, so we opted for Cafe Brioche right next door). Coincidentally, farmer's market was happening at the same time, so everyone and their mama and their dog was out. I didn't mind because it was fun to be where the action was at! We waited 25 min before we got seated and had wonderful customer service. I ordered the honey wheat pancakes, two eggs, and chicken apple sausage with English breakfast tea. My friends had dishes containing home fries (which I helped myself to). All items were cooked with quality and care, it seemed. My dish was under $8...and awesome deal for breakfast with ambience. The home fries were also great tasting - not too dried and just the right amount of moist. Would I Recommend It? Yes, finding a good breakfast place with ambience, decent prices and great food is hard to find. I especially liked this place, because they had honey wheat pancakes...a mark of good quality.
I saw a dude the other day walking that pretty much summed it up. In his right hand, a bag from Subway.  In it, a sandwich and a bag of Baked Lays. In his left hand, a big old bucket of KFC. This man, in my opinion, was the nexus of all things in my daily life. Do it right, or do it riiiiiggghhhttt. Anyways, I had lunch at Cafe Brioche the other day and I was, yet again, forced to make the "decision." So I got a salad. Followed with a big ass burger. We split the goat cheese spinach salad and my burger was almost perfect. Almost in that the blue cheese was a bit off for me. Of course I ate the whole damned thing. I read some of the reviews here and it seems that service is an issue.  While our service was very good, I could tell there were other tables that were a bit irritated. As far as prices go?  Cmon, it's Palo Alto.  If you want a bargain, shake your ass across the freeway to East Palo Alto. Euro.
Oh Brioche, I love you so. I love you despite the fact that you make me want for tables. I love you despite your not willing to bring me nonfat milk for my coffee (I'm lactose intolerant, can't handle cream), and my having asked for it three times, and then finally having to get up for it myself. I love you despite your unwillingness to take my order and give me my food before it's cold. I love you even though after many years of patronage, you still ignore me and play hard to get. But the absolute last draw is when I recommend you to people, and they end up hating you.  I mean, you can be cold and indifferent to me, because you know I'm hooked on you, and I'll always come back, but can you please not give me a bad name and at least treat the people I recommend you with good service. Yes, good service.  I know your food tastes good, but flavor is diminished by a surly attitude and once warmth leaves the plate, the palate turns bland to it.
I love this place. It's very small and it's sometimes hard to get a table, but in my opinion, it's worth it. In this area it is hard to find good casual French food. Brioche has your classics like onion soup, cassoulet, and souffles. All are excellent. They have some seafood, a steak, salads and so on. You'll find plenty of nice wine and there's always a nice special or two on their chalkboard. Due to the other mixed reviews I'd say it may not appeal to everyone. So check it out and see for yourself.
This is a review by a vegetarian This is a review of brunch So I've had brunch at the Sunday morning sidewalk convention in front of Cafe Brioche and Joanie's about 20 times in the last 10 years. Here's the weird part: we always put our name on the list at both restaurants.. and we've never ever gotten into Joanie's. That's right, I have never eaten next door. So at CB I almost always get whatever the french toast special is on the illegible chalk board (berries if in season and some nut and/or banana otherwise) and the excellent potatoes if I'm in an extra starchy mood. Don't come if you're crowd adverse or discussing the funding of your startup, it's close quarters.
On a girl's night out, after much debate and finding the both La Fondue and Melting Pot lacked vegetarian/seafood options for a girlfriend, we decided on this place. Upon walking in, I found the place cute and not pretentious. The decor was somewhat French country side. The lighting was a bit on the dim side. We started with brioche fritter and fries. The truffle fries were standard, pre-cut but the truffle scent was very evident. (Synthetic truffle oil?) The fritter dough itself was on the sweet side, but I liked the goat cheese and artichoke filling. For entrees, I tasted everyone's ribeye, mussel, chicken and ordered the duck. The rib eye was huge, but somewhat thin for the cut. As a result, it was highly unevenly cooked: edge were medium rare while center was medium well. (How did that even happen?) I enjoyed the sauce but the owner of the dish thought it too sweet. The duck I ordered was also overcooked for medium rare but otherwise decent. The potato gratin had a nice crust.  Mussels were pretty good and the chicken had a rich, creamy sauce. Portions were all pretty big so we skipped the dessert, opted for a walk and gelato later. Service was good. The waiter let me and another girl change the sides that came with the entrees. When one person overfilled my water glass, heimmediately came back to wipe it down and give me a straw.
Solid bistro fare, good for an everyday casual dinner out. The restaurant was still full at 9pm on Wednesday night, while the other establishments in town were hanging up their aprons and pushing in their chairs.  We took that as a good sign.  Even though the kitchen was closing, they agreed to take us in, which was very nice. I had the artichoke/cheese fritters and the cassoulet.  The fritters were OK, a little dry for my taste, but the accompanying Dijon sauce helped remedy that.  The cassoulet was very good - not the best I have ever had, but all meat groups were represented (duck confit, sausage, and ham), and the beans were plentiful and filling. The service was fine (there was one ordering misunderstanding, which they corrected right away) - not warm, but attentive enough. I would come back if I were in the neighborhood.
Fine..... Things look much nicer than they taste. Don't remember anything really. The brioche was kinda dry. The sandwiches look ok Snobby service. Yikes! You are not Tartine.
Quite disappointing. I was so craving a nice brunch on a cold rainy day, all by myself. They sat me in a dark little corner and they were giving me stares. I wonder if they were thinking, "Omg. She looks like a yelper. We better please her."  Orrr... they were thinking, "Omg. She's eating brunch all by herself. What a loner." Well I don't know, I'm pretty sure it's the latter (although the former is quite possible hehe), but maybe it wasn't either. Anywho, I was so disappointed. I had a croque monsieur in San Francisco's Chef and the Bistro over the weekend and it was amazing. And I noticed this cafe also had the option of choosing it as well. And of course, since I liked it so much, I decided to order it again. Wow, bad choice. Very bland taste, just regular bread, and.. wait, I paid $9 to eat this?? UGH. And the side of fries weren't very compensating. Nice waiters, but slow service. And I don't understand why the workers would stare at me from all the way across the other side and through a window. Is it a crime to eat my food companionless ?? Don't make me feel even worse, goodness. But...I have to say that the coffee was really good. French blend. YUMMYY. I had maybe 2-3 cups (I've been addicted to coffee, and maybe need to be admitted to CDA, aka coffee drinkers anonymous. If there is even such a thing). So..yeah..cozy place despite the glaring eyes and mediocre food. Or else I would probably make it an occassional go-to place for brunch. $2.00 coffee. total $12.00 bill. Redeeming factor: Old women talking about smoking pot and getting the munchies. Loving it!
I went there this morning, and the place was packed.  They let us wait for more than 20 minutes before take our orders.  They skipped us and took orders from people came in late. The food was nothing special.  Pretty boring stuff.  There are not too many restaurant on California Ave, and that's the only reason why that place is so popular. It's not worth to pay $9 + tip.
I've never paid any attention to this place. There are a number of eateries on California that don't really enter my mind. I was browsing for a new brunch place on Yelp and when I checked Brioche's menu I saw that they offer an herbed tofu option for their scrambles. My wife pretends she is a vegan so this appealed to me. We arrived at the end of the brunch period, around 2:00, and had to wait at least 20 minutes. The turnover is pretty slow here.  The hostess was a bit weird. When she called my name I didn't realize it and a moment later I saw that I was crossed off the list. I said, "Hey, I'm George," and she said "Yes" and walked away. I thought I was being punished because I had let my wife look at the shoe store across the street and we weren't both present. I called the wife on the cell and we were seated when she came in. They do have some kind of policy against seating when the full party isn't present, but how did she know my wife wasn't there? So I wouldn't say she was rude...it was just a little disconnect. For all I know, she was just distracted because Christie L.'s girlfriend told her off! Well, except for that weirdness the service was fast and good. Someone below says that they don't have fresh-squeezed orange juice but my wife thought her juice was good. My coffee was better than any non-coffee joint's coffee I've been to recently. One pleasant surprise was that their bread options with the egg dishes--scone, brioche or baguette--are good and generous. I'm particular about scones and mine was no Starbucks POS: it was oaty, crumbly and a meal in itself. Likewise, my avocado/bacon omelette was good as was the wife's scramble (tofu, no eggs). They were out of vegan cheese, though. I particularly liked my eggs and home fries because they were very light on salt. My blood pressure reacts to salt and it was nice to be able to adjust the seasonings on my own. The "vegan" wife also insisted on a side of pancakes that turned out to be very good. I'm trying to lose weight but she keeps pulling stunts like this--you know, bringing home Newman O's when I didn't ask for them, etc. In conclusion, we'll be going back and I'm glad I decided to check out Brioche. Thanks, Yelpers.
I had higher expectations for this place, given how crowded it was on a Sunday morning. It was good, but nothing out outstanding -- average at best. Negatives: - Crowded + small = a long wait on busy weekend mornings. - Smaller-than-usual servings. It's enough for a small person like me to get full from, but it did appear rather small compared to the hefty breakfast meals one is used to seeing. - Disappointing Brioches. For a place named "Cafe Brioche", the brioche was very dry and tasteless. Positives: - Peach-blueberry french toast with bananas. If you're interested in a very sweet breakfast, it was quite delish. - That's it so far. I'd like to give this place the benefit of the doubt. It's popularity must mean there are more reasons why people dine here. I'll need to go back and find out why.
I met a friend here for lunch about a month ago and really loved the food.. I wasn't that hungry and ordered the Pear Butter Lettuce Salad- with Gorgonzola cheese caramelized Walnuts, sliced pears & Champagne Vinaigrette ...DELICIOUS...as I looked around everything there looked really good, can't wait to go back.. Downside; service was slow and my table wobbled.. drove me nuts..
Contrary to most reviews for Cafe Brioche on Yelp, I happen to really enjoy it! It is a beautiful, small cafe on California Ave. All of the food is wonderful. I have tried many different items, but a few of my favorites include the Brioche Burger and the Grilled Chicken Sandwich. Both are extremely flavorful and delicious. The waiter always lets me split the side dish between fries and their green salad. The fries and salad are both perfectly executed. The waitstaff is friendly, efficient, and attentive. Definitely a place to stop by.
I want to love the cosy Cafe Brioche and its appealing menu, so I return every so often for breakfast or lunch.  In general, however, my experiences have been more along the lines of "pretty good." During our most recent visit last week, my chicken and avocado omelet was delicious, while my wife's smoked trout was just dry.  Our waiter wasn't quite up to his job that day and struggled with seemingly simple requests like steamed milk and egg white omelet. Nonetheless, while you're probably more apt to find me at Bistro Vida or Left Bank for French in this price range, Cafe Brioche is a pleasant option and I will surely be back.
Cafe Brioche's Brioches are really good! hehe We got the side orders of brioches with our brunch dishes on a sunny Thursday where it was filled with banana and strawberry jelly/fruit slices.  I was a bit iffy about the banana since I am not a big fan but the brioche itself is infused with banana flavors.  You have to eat it with the savory butter and strawberry jelly provided.  It is so DELICIOUS!  I couldn't stop eating it! I also ordered the traditional eggs benedicts that came with potatoes and fruits.  I actually thought the benedicts were average.  Nothing to wow about or tell your fellow friends to come here for them.  Joanie's right next door serves better benedicts from what I remember!  I wish the potatoes were a bit crunchier with its coating but still pretty good with its herbed seasoning.  This was for $10.  I haven't found any benedicts as good as Bill's quite yet ..... Service was good.  Efficient and friendly.  The venue itself is a small cute french cafe.  Outdoors are available.  Not a very authentic accented french place if you are expecting it though.  Maybe it is different for dinner time?
Hubby decided to check this place out for Sunday brunch after reading Yelping California Avenue.  We couldn't get into Joanie's Cafe next door because the wait was 1 hour long (!!), but Cafe Brioche (10 minute wait) didn't disappoint either.  The staff was friendly and efficient, and the clientele was just as nice.  DH ordered a portobello omelette while I opted for the Oyster Sandwich. I was slightly shocked seeing it was a large portion of fried oyster goodness on sandwich, but once I took the first bite, I was hooked!  The fried oyster, the spinach and the crispiness of the bread went so well together even though I did have to open my mouth so fugly big. Before I knew it, I devoured the entire thing and licked my fingers clean. Can't wait to go back and try some other items on the menu. But the four stars are for my Oyster Sandwich! Quick tip:  Sunday is probably not the best day to go as there is also the very happening Farmer's Market on California Street.  Expect longer waits if you go on Sundays!
Female bonding was on the agenda.  A group of us met here for brunch and a dual birthday celebration. We were seated quickly and the service was prompt. The menu is ideal for breakfast lovers and those looking for a light lunch.  They offer many egg/meat combos, various omelettes and scrambles.   A plus for me is the choice of bagel and baguette versus the standard sliced bread. Prices are very reasonable and portions are generous.  The food was good but nothing spectacular, although the place is charming and perfect for lingering over your meal.  We ate and chatted for almost 2 hours undisturbed. A nice choice for brunch but not if you have to cross the bridge and pay toll.
Lunch review only. This always crowded tiny cafe is my favorite lunch spot: I've been there over a hundred times over the years.  As is usually the case with most restaurants, get there by 11:45 AM and you'll beat the lunch crowds and find decent parking.  (The cafe is also open for breakfast, dinner, and weekend brunch but I've never been there then.  This review is just for its lunch service.) The chairs and tables are small and you can barely breathe without touching the person next to you. Once the place fills up, it gets loud and service can get a little slow.  However, it helps me to reconcile myself to my fate to see the waiters frantically squeezing their way through the tightly packed crowd doing their best. A black board in the right-rear of the cafe lists daily specials which usually consists of a slightly overpriced pasta dish, fish, an omelet of some sort, and deserts.  The best values, however, are on the regular printed menu. My favorite dish is the large quantity of moules marinier (mussels) served in white wine garlic sauce with a green salad or very good French fries.   I ask them for extra quantities of their excellent fresh French bread so I can sop up the tasty sauce.  I don't care if I do look ill mannered and uncouth. The herb roasted leg of lamb with grilled eggplant and a rosemary-garlic aioli on toasted herbed French roll is another of my favorites.  The jerk crusted tuna steak sandwich with avocado and lemon aioli is also nicely prepared and an excellent value.  The marinated flank steak with caramelized onions, lettuce, tomato, and mild chili aioli tastes good and there is amply quantity of the steak but it is sometimes rather tough. Looking for something low cal and low carb?  The salad provencal (order it without the potatoes if you want low carb) is wonderful.  A vegan co-worker likes the marinated and grilled Portobello mushroom sandwich with roasted peppers, and spinach.  (He has them hold the goat cheese.) Prices have been slowly going up over the years, like everything else, but it is still a bargain and the quality has remained high.  There are several tables along the sidewalk which is nice in decent weather which Palo Alto has more than its share.  Street parking is very tight as is the lot behind the cafe.  The free public lot and garage on the "north" side of the street usually has space, however. If you don't mind temporarily becoming physically and sonically one with humanity (albeit a highly educated and fairly affluent segment of humanity), aren't extremely rushed for time, and want fresh, well prepared cafe food at reasonable prices, give this place a try.  By the way, if you go a second time, don't be surprised if the waiter remembers what you ate and drank the previous time you were there.  How do they do that?
This was a favorite restaurant of our team for a while.  It's a great little restaurant tucked away on California Ave. in Palo Alto.  It reminds you of that favorite little neighborhood restaurant that couples grow old going to. The food can be a little hit or miss depending on your tastes and the dish you ordered.  However, follow this menu for one of the most terrifc meals: Start off with the duck confit salad over a bed of spinach and cranberries with a pear vinegrette... Then move onto a slow braised short rib with some creamy mashed potatoes and fresh vegetables.  Either that, or go with the lamb shank.  It comes with similar sides, but is equally tender and delicious!  Both of these dishes pair well with the russian river pinot noir. Finally, finish off with the apple tartan or the creme brulee.  The creme brulee is absolutely flowing with rich vanilla flavors and complement very well with some fresh strawberries. Other dishes are good too, but this is definitely our dream team lineup :)
Brunch at Cafe Brioche Quaint pseudo French cafe with a cozy atmosphere that doesn't deliver on service, but still a nice experience if you know what to avoid. The best thing here is actually the coffee which is served in a huge latte cup and always brewed to perfection. Aromatic, hot, smooth, and never too acidic even the decaf is not bad. Recommendations: Oatmeal French Toast: Unique interpretation of FT that offers a nice crunch Grilled Chicken Omelette House Smoked Trout: A bit on the greasy side, the potato pancake is actually just a giant hash brown, and the poached eggs strangely have almost no whites around the yolk, but a pleasant enough entree Baguette: Nice crust with a steaming warm soft center Item we didn't care for: Banana French Toast: Soggy (agreeing with K.N.) Just be prepared for the questionable service which is most likely a product of under staffing. Although we have always found the wait staff to be very polite and friendly, don't expect to get your refills any time soon. Food: 3.5 (this excludes the banana french toast) Ambiance: 4 Noise: 2.5 Price: 4 ($10/per person) Service: 2 The seem to ignore and avoid eye contact at all cost as if you were Medusa able to turn onlookers into stone.
I had brunch here last weekend around 10AM - it was fantastic. The weather was so beautiful and we had an opportunity to dine comfortably outside. Some of the patrons even brought their little doggies to sit while they enjoyed their brunch. Coffee and ice waters were never empty and continuously came without us even having to ask - nice! We both ordered omelets which were extremely delicious, the mushroom omelet and the mixed vegetable - both were fantastic. It was great to be able to substitue with egg whites. Service was great, the food was delicious and it was such a great way to start the day. Definitely going back again! FYI, we got there fairly early around 10 AM. Once we were done, there were groups of people crowding the front waiting for their tableS!
It was a miserable day out yesterday...all I could see outside my office window was sheets of pouring rain, branches violently swaying in the howling gusts of wind. It was freezing cold. I was determined to stay in all day. So what do I do when some buddies call me up for lunch on California Ave? I decide to brave the rain and wind and go outside to meet them. It was worth it. The lunch sandwiches are soooo good!!! I had the tuna steak sandwich, Brian F had the crusted oysters sandwich and another friend had steak sandwich. We all thoroughly enjoyed our meals, although I was totally eyeing Brian's choice. Must get oyster sandwich next time....
Such a quaint and cozy little cafe, perfect for Saturday brunch. We were seated within 5 minutes,... Read more 
This was a mainstay of our lunch break, but something happened.  I have to say that their lamb sandwich and the tuna sandwich are awesome.  However, I was a bit put off when I found a silverfish walking around in my salad.  Where do they keep the greens? In the rest room? OK we all know that bugs can get into food...just not my food... So I gave them another chance.  They moved things around and packed more tables in there and during the crowded lunchtime the noise was unbearable.  I left with a headache. Addition:  I now go there but will only eat outside...The lamb and tuna are still my favorites.
Came here for lunch a few times. The veggie burger didn't look very appetizing (solid black brick), but appearance didn't do the burger justice. It was surprisingly flavorful. As to the roasted leg of lamb sandwich, the idea of combining grilled eggplant is just brilliant. Toasted French roll and fresh salad... every element in the dish is absolutely taste-buds satisfying. Service was slow. If you don't mind taking your time and enjoying your company, then this place is perfect. Sitting outside with a glass of wine in a sunny afternoon...
This place started at 3.5 stars and kept losing them.  The service gets 1 star, the food, 3.  We went for brunch on Sunday and it took them 40 minutes to bring us two lukewarm plates of scrambled eggs that can't have taken more than 5 minutes to prepare.  My silverware was dirty and the waiter ignored my request for new silverware, and was conspicuously absent except when it came time to cash our check and get us the hell out. The only reason I didn't give this place 1 star was that the brioche and scones they bring out before you get your meal were fantastic. Probably not worth the effort on a sunday-- the place was packed. UPDATE: Service has gotten better (its still slow but not incompetent any more) Food, when hot, is actually quite good scones are still the best thing i've ever put in my mouth upgrading to 3 stars
If you like pretentious, snobby crowds, this is the place to eat ! The food is excellent and the owners try hard to accomodate everyone in this small setting.  I can't blame them, real estate in Palo Alto isn't exactly cheap. I recommend the french toast and the veggie eggs benedict. I don't recommend waiting for 30 minutes to be seated for brunch.  There are far too many other options in the area to justify standing around waiting for a dose of caloric value.  I also don't recommend the  pretentious and snobby crowd that just happened to be dining near and around me.  I'm too laid back and don't care about Prada,  Gucci, Fendi or the like. N is out
This is my all time favorite place to eat or celebrate a birthday.  It is a small quaint restaurant with a limited yet delicious menu. It is especially nice that the setting and staff make it feel like you are in another city in another country.
They have the French atmosphere down pretty well, and the place attracts loads of customers who have taken pains to look good.  (Maybe that's a statement about Palo Alto in general.  I live in Berkeley, where the situation is a bit different.) I came with a group of four during the lunch hour.  We were seated and served promptly.  I ordered a croque monsieur and chose the green salad as an accompaniment.  A-OK was our rating.  We were all happy, and I think that all of us would return without hesitation.
Cute cafe located on the ever tasty California Ave. My friend and I were seated right away on Black Friday, and we were given the choice to sit either by the window, or towards the back (we sat towards the back). The staff was friendly, and not at all obtrusive, and yet somehow always managed to take our order at the right time, as well as frequent bread and water refills. The bread was delicious, and came with plain and olive butter. Mmm. We started with the flaky tart made with pancetta, brie, onions, and potatoes. This was so good - baked into the dish, with a very flaky and buttery crust, and lots of chunks of potatoes and pancetta all in a melted brie mess inside. Melted brie anything is always a must at a French restaurant! Next, I ordered the Cassoulet de Toulouse, which was a white bean stew with a LOT of meat. I saw a lot, because the menu says sausage, pork chop, and duck confit, but what you really get is a giant plate with white beans cooked in a tomato stew with pancetta an onion pieces, and a giant pork chop, whole sausage, and large duck leg, all on top of the stew. It was intense, and way too much meat, but the stew was delightful with the meat after I cut it up. My friend ordered the filet mignon, which was very flavorful and came with mashed potatoes and fresh looking vegetables on the side. Mmm. Great service and prices, a cozy place for friends or a date!
Cafe Brioche is a nice cafe with a cozy feel and French atmosphere on California Ave. I've visited a few times, mostly for brunch, so my 3 star rating is the result of those experiences. The staff is friendly and attentive, but it took awhile to get seated (like its next door neighbor, Joanie's, there's always a line outside Brioche on the weekends from 11am onwards) and the food took awhile to arrive as well. I'm sure part of this is just the general hustle & bustle of Brioche on the weekends, but it's worth noting anyways. I think the food offerings at Brioche are decent, but not fantastic. The mixed vegetables, spinach, and smoked Mozzarella scramble left something wanting to be desired, though the servings are considerable. Brioche's honey wheat pancakes are all right as well - filling, but not something I'd definitely want to order again given their heaviness (relative to pancakes at other locations). All in all, I think the taste of the food is just OK. Generally speaking, I think Brioche is a good place to visit at least once, but on the whole I think there are better brunch places in Palo Alto area.
This place is seriously overrated. We had the duck confit sandwich and the lamb sandwich. Wasn't a bad sandwich but I keep hearing how awesome everything is here. Good duck confit should be moist and juicy but this one was a bit dry. It was flavorful so I'll give it that much. Their fries were pretty sad for a "french run" cafe. Greasy and uninspired. It's like they just threw them into the oil without a care of how it would turn out. Half of my fries were literally translucent and limp. We also had their chocolate souffle and it tasted like a mix of jello and flour.... yum. Everything looks nice but I think the food doesn't match. Shame cause I really wanted to like this place...
I admit it.  I'm pretty lazy about writing reviews.  I tend to only write them when I've had a superinsane positive experience, or an all out horrifying one.  I'm the bipolar yelper.  Sue me.  I've been to Cafe Brioche before, and always thought the food was decent and the service was meh.  For what you get, the prices are a little absurd -- but this is California St. in Palo Alto, so I always understand what I'm getting into. My family (me, husband, and two older kids) went there today for lunch.  It was busy, but not excuse-for-terrible-service busy.  In a nutshell, our waiter treated us like pestilence -- before deciding to ignore us entirely (our service then consisted of various bussers we were able to occasionally flag down).  When we would try to get the attention of our waiter, he would look right at us and then look away and move on to another table. They brought me the wrong food (and it wasn't even close) and it took FOREVER for my correct order to come.  Everybody else was basically done before I began to eat.  Apology?  No.  Offer to comp my meal?  HAH!  When the manager (owner?) brought our check, he dropped it on our table like he was afraid he might catch our suburban cooties.  What a-holes. I know people will want me to mention the food, and like I said before, it's just fine.  But NOTHING is worth this level of craptastic service.  Not even manna served on the back of a freakin' archangel.  If I can stop one person from giving this place business, I've done my job. And in case you're thinking, "Oh, I bet her kids are little Palo Alto spoiled brats that were causing a ruckus the whole time," think again.  They were quiet and chill and spent most of the time marveling, along with their parents, that a place that exists under the guise of serving people could treat said people with such PHENOMENAL discourtesy.
Food is not bad but I was not pleased with the service. We had lunch and then went down the street to the bakery.  We were on our way back to the car as we realized that we were getting close to being over the time limit.  When I got to my car the manager of Cafe Brioche had called the parking enforcement to give us a ticket. That is not the kind of behavior that will get me to come back or to recommend this place to my friends
I always go to Cafe Brioche with high expectations and leave feeling overcharged and unsatisfied. I have been here several times with my significant other, and the service has always been terribly slow. The menu offerings always look very posh and sophisticated, and sadly that is where the trouble begins. This is not the place to go for a basic meal, nor for anything "light". The caesar salad lacks punch; I think I have had better at the dining halls on campus, though the presentation at Brioche is superior. The only things I can really recommend are the french onion soup (which is actually listed in French, though I cannot recall how to spell the name...), the fries, and the seared ahi sandwich which they offer only at lunch. I have been to France a couple of times. I like French food and complex flavors, and I am not averse to trying new things. Dinner at Cafe Brioche is not my idea of a good French experience by any definition.
It always seems so busy on the weekends for brunch, I never managed to get in. I was feeling lazy this weekend, woke up late and found that the wait is shorter after 1:30pm, so I finally got to try this place! We started with some orange juice, which had no pulp but was very sweet and delicious. I got the house smoked trout over potato pancakes (more like hash browns) with 2 poached eggs and capers creme fraiche. The trout was very delightful -- unlike regular smoked salmon it was not at all salty but not fishy either. Very tasty with the creme fraiche. The hash browns were crispy and nice, not at all oily. Only thing to nitpick was the poached eggs, which came out later but they screwed up the first time round and decided to redo it. I'm not very good at poaching eggs and what I got tasted like what I could make, with gritty egg whites. The mister got the artichoke and prosciutto omelette, served with potatoes and brioche. The omelette was really tasty, the potatoes a bit sweeter than normal due to the red bell peppers (which was fantastic and different), but the real star was the brioche. Flaky and almost sweet like a dessert, I couldn't stop munching on them! It's definitely some place you should try. However, avoid going during rush hours so you don't have to wait too long, especially in the rainy weather.
Service Sucks. Food is okay, but nothing worth returing for. Went on Sunday brunch, was disappointed.
I meant to write a review for this place when I got home from dining there last October, but I hate to dwell on bad experiences.    I am over it now, so I felt it only fair to share our experience. We had an 8pm reservation for 2 on a Friday night, and got there to find the place packed.   Lucky we made a reservation, right?   Well, we ended up waiting 45 minutes for our table!!!   We sat at the bar, and got fairly frequent updates and apologies from the host, so we didn't feel completely abandoned, and we decided to make the best of it and enjoy the nice atmosphere and each other's company. Upon finally sitting down to order, we had hoped that things would improve, but unfortunately  the night was not meant to be a good one.   The waitress was fairly nice at first, and we thought at least the food might make up for it.   Well, we ordered a salad along with our entrees and it never came... and the food that did come was very mediocre.  I had the vegetarian option ( it was very bland) and my husband can't even remember what he had. We kept looking for the waitress to remind her about the forgotten salad, but she never stopped by our table. We finally flagged down a busboy, and we told him to tell her to forget about bringing it at that point (we were pretty nice about it, and just figured they would make it up to us somehow, or at least we would get an apology, but neither happened.) Surprisingly, the waitress never acknowledged the mistake, and when she finally brought our bill, we didn't even get eye contact, a smile, or an apology...just  the bill.   It was really strange!   We were pleasant through the whole meal, not bitter at all...we didn't even show our displeasure, as we just didn't want to spoil our rare evening out.   We could have made a fuss, but what's the point... we aren't ones to make a scene.   We just paid and left, never to return.    This has been our worst dining experience in Palo Alto by far.
Beignets. YUM. Egg Benedict. Yum. Coconut french toast. Yum.
I have been here 3 times.  Once for dinner and twice for lunch. The lunches are pretty good and I have left satisfied.  I have tried the Flank Steak Sandwich and the New York Steak Sandwich and both were delicious.  My only complaint is some of fries were soggy.  My fiancee ordered the turkey sandwich and potato leek soup (soup of the day) and really loved the soup, but thought the sandwich was just ok.  The turkey was kind of dry. My dinner experience was not as good as my lunch experiences, but I did not hold this place to a high expectation since it is a cafe.  I usually relate cafe's to a lunch, breakfast, or brunch place.  Therefore I am not surprised that the dinner was not as good.  I ordered the burger and did not like the roquefort cheese on there at all. I am rating this place solely on the lunch, brunch, and breakfast deliciousness.  The bread and butter was also a plus!!
This is not the first time I came here for brunch but it is the first time I found out their menu now has vegan friendly dishes.  For breakfast and brunch, they now have  several vegan dishes. In additions to the Granola and fruit and Oatmeal; they add vegan dishes such as Tofu scrambles with soy cheese,  Potato with mushroom, onion, garlic, Potato with mixed spicy vegetables, tomatoes. Or if you want the simple potato dish, ask them to make it with herbs. Their Brioche and baguette are always good.  There is an out door sitting area so you can bring your dog too. Waidy
Came here for lunch with some co-workers in DT Palo Alto.  Cute restaurant.  Good food.  I had ordered the portabello mushroom sandwich with goat cheese and french fries.  The goat cheese was a bit overpowering in the sandwich.  French fries were really good - light, crisp, and hot. Service was efficient but not very friendly.  My water glass was never empty.  Prices are reasonable.  My selection was under $10 and it filled me up for the rest of the afternoon. It can get quite crowded for lunch so be sure to get there at least before 12 noon.
Went there for lunch with a friend. The place is pretty small, primarily 2-top and 4-top tables. The The service is excellent and the wait staff notices if you speak to them; they even act on your request so all is good. The atmosphere is relaxed and quiet enough to have a conversation. It was cold and rainy the day I was there, the place was cool, it would have been very cozy if it was a little warmer. Don't confuse this place with what Americans think of as French food, it isn't that. The food is like like something you might get in a sidewalk cafe in Paris. It is fresh and simple, relying on the food to stand on its own. The menu is pretty diverse and as a bonus it has a wide selection of vegetarian food. The lintel soup was great! The lintels were cooked to tender but not mushy and the broth was delicious. I would go back just for the soup. The bread on the table was very fresh and tasty. The turkey sandwich was made with hand sliced turkey breast and it was very fresh. My friend had the Portobello sandwich and she appeared to enjoy it very much.
Its official, the fries are to DIE for. Crispity, crunchity, thin. The kind you want to hold up like a fake cigarette, if only that didn't send a bad message to kids. My lunch time gal pals and I headed down to California street last Friday to check this place out. We arrived just after noon to find a 15 minute wait. Service was prompt, but getting the bill was a bit on the slow side, and because we'd already overrun our allotted lunch hour, we had to skip dessert (insert gasp here). Mes amis are still wishing they had tried the chocolate mousse. C'est la vie. We sampled salads, a blue cheese burger (way too heavy on the blue cheese) and the fish special, which was quite good. The moral of the story: stick to salads, dessert, and the specials board. It seems to be what they do best. Or just have dessert. Why not?
Have always been a fan of Cafe Brioche, esp for brunch. Everyone else has the place covered... Came here for lunch on a weekday and had to deal with a short line with all the other attorneys and high tech types who work in the area. Ordered the grilled chicken foccacia sandwich and liked the basil pesto and mozzarella that accompanied it. Also came with a small side of salad. Everything tasted fresh. No problems with service. Bottom line: Solid as usual.
Most of the places on California Street were closed on a Sunday night, so we decided to stop into Cafe Brioche for some casual French bistro-type food.  It got pretty full by 6:30pm. The place is really cute - less than 15 tables, with some outdoor seating on a nice day.  The decor reminds me of a rustic French place. We started with two kinds of bread and garlic butter.  The bread was ordinary, but the garlic butter helped it out a lot.  I started with the onion soup, which actually wasn't overly salty, which was nice, but the soup itself wasn't hot enough, even with the broiled crouton and cheese on top.  I noticed every other table had the savory goat cheese and artichoke beignet, which looked really appetizing... For my main, I had the provencal fish stew. It was a generous portion and was piping hot.  There wasn't too much acidity to the broth, but it got quite fishy.  There were clams, mussels, large chunks of white fish, and some bay shrimp.  I enjoyed it, but some bites were just too fishy.  We also had the moules frites, which weren't fishy at all.  The saffron broth was creamy and had a slight hint of wine and was so good for dipping bread or the under-salted frites. We were too full for dessert.  The wine selection isn't huge but is decent, and you can get things by the glass or a carafe if you don't want a full bottle. Water is refilled every 5-10 minutes, and because it's such a small place, the waitstaff is always available.  The place is really quaint, and it's a bit on the pricey side for what it is, but the menu offers lots of options, and I guess the price comes with the location.
One of my favorite dinner nooks in Palo Alto--beats the overrated Bistro Elan across the street hands down.  I've never been here for brunch/lunch, but dinner is always spot-on French bistro fare.  The ambiance is casual classy with warmly painted walls and cute yellow umbrellas. I had the best girls' night out here a couple of years ago.  We started with a very French salad of seared chicken livers, shallots and pancetta on spinate in a champagne vinaigrette and a perfect endive and arugula salad with pears and Roquefort.  The candied pecans were divine.  I had salmon in merlot-blackberry coulis--innovative and different from the traditional white/lemon/buttery dressings, while my friends raved about their seared scallops in champagne sauce and lamb chops. Last time I went was when I took my boyfriend there for Valentine's--it was packed.  Off the prix-fixe menu, memorable highlights included sauteed morels and goat cheese with caramelized onions on toasted brioche (so good I've recreated them for my own parties), my perfectly crispy and juicy duck breast with wine reduction (much better than Bistro Elan's), and his steak with foie gras pate on top.  The lamb chops also looked beautiful and were arranged in a towering, glistening stack. Desserts here are classic and above average.  My girls and I had a dreamy chocolate lava cake with homemade vanilla bean ice cream, an A+ creme brulee with proper crackly burnt sugar and fresh berries (really good organic strawberries), and an almond-pear tart that was to die for.  I'm not a dessert person, but I'll always want to try the homemade pastry special at Cafe Brioche. Plan to spend around $50 here for the full experience.  On Valentine's, I misread the menu to include dessert and wine, so I asked for a glass of muscat in addition to dessert, and the manager was nice enough to bring me a glass for free.  Did I mention this was my favorite place?
Plusses: Takes reservations Healthy options Fresh lemonade was so good and a huge glass Arrepa was good Minus: Food is good but nothing spectacular
A fantastic lunch (and from what I heard from my friends even better dinner) place.  Like the other reviewers have said, it's very small, but I liked the cozy feel. My friends like this place so much that they come here for dinner at least once a week.  I had heard so much about it that I expected quite a bit by the time we finally made it for lunch the other day.  Cafe Brioche delivered. Our bread was chewy, yet soft and tasty.  Better yet, they had soft butter (I despise when served hard butter that only proceeds to rip my bread).  Before we could finish the basket of bread, our meal arrived. I had the duck confit salad (spinach topped with delicious duck confit and cranberries)- I will have serious cravings for this salad.  My friends had a swordfish special of the day (so-so) and the lamb sandwich (amazing...so I'll be getting both the salad and sandwich next time).  The dessert was right up there too - chocolate souffle steaming out of the oven topped with vanilla ice cream and berries as well as a creme brulee (perfectly done and not too sweet).  We left filled and content. Perhaps I'll be joining my friends as a regular here each week.
This was my first time eating there, and have to say that the experience, food, and service were all excellent. Though everything on the menu looked good, I opted for the Chevre Chaud - spinach salad with toasted almonds, roasted red peppers,  goat cheese toasts, and balsamic vinaigrette.  It was mouth-watering and left me wanting more.  Their coffee was really good as well -- not your typical crappy restaurant coffee, nor the commercially-Starbucks-ish type coffee either. Really good stuff.
Had Sunday brunch with the family (Wife + 2 young kids).  Dishes served hot.  Eggs prepared perfectly.  Scone and brioche freshly off the over and were delicious.  Coffee was fresh and tasted like your premium Starbucks variety.  Portions were perfect. The only issue that prevents me from giving them a 5 is service.  Although brisk and tentative, there was just a bit too much crowded (farmer's market is just out side) for the servers to handle the requests. Definitely worth trying the place out.
I came here a few Sundays ago for brunch with my mom. I like this place because there's outdoor seating and they have heating lamps (if necessary). I ordered pancakes with 2 eggs and fruit. The pancakes were huge! I could only finish one. Taste-wise, the food is fairly average, but this is a good place to go to for weekend brunch, especially when there's a farmer's market going on on California Ave. -L.
Decent. i ordered a duck confit sandwich with fries ($11)  for lunch; sat outside. The duck was a tad dry, but overall tasty.  I'd probably order it again. Portion was huge, you'll have leftovers.  I'd come back here again.
What has happened?   New Ownership. Surly waitstaff, almost laughable how horrible our experience was at lunch Saturday. The most simple staple menu items could not be salvaged with extra mustard. Bring a sense of humor, it's almost as if you have stepped into a SNL skit, and the sweaty waiters give you a dirty look after asking for a water refill (after the first three requests were forgotten.) I guess he was busy with the other three tables. Ahh... I remember this place over the years, so sad to see it in this state. We can only hope that true food people will revolt, and give them a nudge to repair the lack luster food, and laughable lack of interest from waitstaff. It's only lunch I guess.
Had appetizers and wine with some girlfriends in this quaint little place.  Everybody ordered something to share and it was a treat to get to try a little of everything.  My favorite was the Brioche Beignet fritters filled roasted butternut squash, spiced walnuts, arugula and Roquefort cheese, served with sage aioli --- YUM!!! Oh wait, this is a French place after all --- Dlicieux ! The Salade au Canard Confit was also divine.  The staff was attentive.  The atmosphere pleasant. Check 'em out at: http://www.cafebriochepa...
It's been a while since I've eaten on California Ave, so I was excited when my roommate suggested coming here.  I'd been to Joanie's next door and enjoyed the food, and I heard this place was great, too.  The line for Joanie's seemed more intense, but there was a wait at both places.  Brioche seemed a tad less busy. Anyway, here's what I ate: * egg white scramble: spinach, sundried tomato, pine nuts, garlic * brioche * home fries * habanero sausage patty It was all really good, but the service could've been better.  I had to ask for my water to get refilled, which is a pet peeve of mine.
On a strip of Palo Alto that has too many delicious looking lunch options, we chose Cafe Brioche because it seemed like a cozy breakfast / lunch spot that was wide ranging enough for everyone in our party of 4 to enjoy their meal. We sat looking at our menus and gabbing for a solid 20 minutes before making our food choices - there was simply that much to choose from! I decided to go light and ordered the Salade Provencale - a mix of greens with a whole egg, capers, kalamata olives, baby heirloom tomatoes and a luscious piece of grilled salmon. The dressing was a light dill vinaigrette and it totally hit the spot. My sister had the eggs benedict, which was average. No complaints, no raves either. Both my man and my sister's man ordered the chicken omelet. It was super rich and had a Chipotle Sour Cream on top of it, which sounds really good, but smelled like a dirty sock. I didn't say anything to them because they were both raving about how good it was and as long as they were happy, I am happy, I just happily declined their offers to share bites....I will stick with my salad thank you very much! The best part of the meal was actually the perfectly brewed coffee served in a huge, wide mouthed coffee cup. All in all, Cafe Brioche was a solid breakfast spot.
Hmm....maybe breakfast really isn't their specialty since so many of the positive reviews were for dinner.  My bf and I checked this place out since we have a puppy and wanted  outdoor breakfast seating. It was pretty packed, considering that the Farmer's Market was also going on made it a very high traffic area.  It could be that sitting outside attributed to our negative dining experience, but why are you going to offer outdoor seating if it's more like - sit outside and forget about you ??? When I first walked in and tried to ask the hostess if I should still put our name down for outdoor seating she looked at me and put up her hand - as it to say "shut up" with her hand ! Eventually we seated ourselves, our waiter came to take our order, and the bus woman brought our coffee.  Our food was decent, I had the vegetarian benedict which was nothing special, my bf had the grilled chicken omelette which was mediocre as well.  Nobody ever came to refill our coffee or check in.  We wanted to order a pancake so the only chance we had was when the other waiter brought us our bill.  He nodded but after 15 mins. nothing came out.  Later our waiter tried to bring us the bill, at which time we ordered the honey wheat pancake and asked for more coffee.  The pancakes were okay as well. So, in a nutshell, I was disappointed and I'm a stickler for service so while they might fare better for dinner I most likely won't be spending my time or money here.
The food is not great and is severely overpriced for the quality you're presented with. The service, in comparison, is even infinitely worse. Let's see. We waited 10 minutes for people to even look at us (maitre'd? no such thing). There was a table open, but it wasn't cleaned yet. Fair enough. Then we sat down and ordered 10 minutes later. Half an hour later, the food arrived. And it was the wrong order. They made it somewhat right by offering to bring out the proper order on top of what we received, Overall, the food is definitely nothing to write home about. We received one six-inch piece of baguette. Wow. AND it wasn't crispy or delicious (I've had baguettes from Lee's Sandwiches that was 10 times better). It was chewy and a little soggy. And this is a French bistro!?! I recommend skipping this joint altogether. Your money is better served elsewhere.
Yummy place. They forgot our order once and gave us a free refill on our wine. I only tried this place on the weekends so the review is only based on that. The service is lacking, they forget to bring the accompiniments to your order (example: butter, tabasco, etc), and they forget to refill your water or ice tea. The food is tasty, I love the scones of the day and the brioche, very fresh. Love the oyster sandwich, even though they should do this open face sandwich since it is hard to eat and use less breading. The Trout breakfast is really good. Huevos Rancheros also delicious.
Do not order the veggie burger.  I don't know why I did.  It was dry and aesthetically unappealing.  On the bright side, the pear salad is good. Not sure if I will come here again.
Overall, a very tasty experience, and definitely better than Subway, which is what the boyfriend wanted.  After I managed to convince him to try Cafe Brioche, we walked in and waited for a seat.  The place is pretty small, and the host was a bit on the rude side.  We didn't have to wait too long for a table though, and the food was totally worth it. I had the Portobello Mushroom Sandwich, and my boyfriend got the Cafe Brioche Burger.  The Portobello was lovely, the bread fantastic and fresh, and spinach and goat cheese were great touches.  Tried a bite of the boyfriend's burger, and it was great too, although he was a bit put off by the fact that it wasn't your traditional American burger.  My favorite part of the meal, though, had to be their fries.  Omigosh, I could probably eat a whole plate of those things. All in all, I would go again, but probably try for a less busy time of the week.
I think Cafe Brioche is one of the best places to have brunch around Stanford.  The prices are reasonable, and the food is exceptional.  When I come for brunch, I usually get the cornmeal crusted oyster sandwich, which is great. I've also come here for dinner, and the food then is also great.  It's good French food without totally astronomical French prices.  I've had the lamb shank and it fell off the bone.  Fantastic.  Highly recommended.
* Breakfast food: not that great -- if you're looking for that, then go next door to Joanie's Cafe. * Sandwiches: tasty!  Ahi tuna sandwich was especially good.  The house-made veggie pattie sandwich was essentially a big slab of mashed black beans -- not that great... super dry. * Beignets: disappointing -- too bready & dry... they had the consistency of a thick, bready biscuit/roll.  Not light & airy like the ones we're used to eating.
I've worked in the California Business District for over a month and Brioche is my favorite lunch spot.  They have great service whether you're dining in or picking up food to take out.  $10 is well worth their seared jerk ahi tuna sandwich.  It's a generous portion and comes with a side order of fries or salad, and both are good. While waiting for my sandwich to be prepared to take it back to the office, the waiter was kind enough to offer me a free glass of iced tea. It's also a nice spot to bring your pooch if you want to eat outside on a sunny day, which we've had a lot of lately.  Koki's a fan, too!
Met my cousin for lunch here on a Monday afternoon.  I walked in at 12:15 and got a table immediately - but again, it was a Monday afternoon.  The sign said your whole party had to be there to be seated but the hostess/waitress joked "we'll just say she's in the restroom!" as she seated me.  Off to a pleasant start... Cousin showed up and we immediately commenced chatting/catching up for the next 45 minutes.  I barely remember anything that happened!  I had a chance to examine the menu before she arrived however.  It was quite extensive and reasonably impressive in terms of selection and variety.  5-6 salad options ranging from a Pear-Arugula with blue cheese and walnuts to a Duck Confit with spinach and dried cranberries to a classic Caesar with chicken.  Sandwich selection was even better with 9-10 choices.  Herb roasted leg or lamb with grilled eggplant and garlic aioli, grilled shrimp and avocado with cheese and veggies, grilled steak sandwich, croque monsieur - quite a variety!  My cousin ordered the Mediterranean veggie sandwich with fontina cheese and I the jerk crusted tuna with avocado and lemon aioli.  Sandwiches come with a choice of salad or fries. The fries were excellent - crispy and light.  My sandwich was good, but maybe a little salty.  However I often find that "jerk" rubbed meats are too salty for me.  Our water was refilled in a timely manner.  The waiter forgot my cousin's fries and brought her a side salad but then ran out with the now complimentary (as they should be) fries before we even called it out. I enjoyed this place.  The restaurant is small but bright and charming.  There are tables in front which looked very pleasant for some people-watching on a nice day.  I'd come here again!
Try to arrive before 11am because it gets pretty busy soon after.   Seating is available outdoor and indoor.  They also have a bar area towards the inside of the restaurant. I went for the omelette with spinach sun-dried tomato, which was colorful and tasty.  My order came with a choice of scone, brioche, or a bagette.  I chose the scone but found it just OK.  Interestingly enough, for a breakfast place, they don't offer freshly squeezed orange juice.  The portions aren't as big as I expected compared to some breakfast places.  So, you may want to scope out how other people's orders look like. There must be something extra special on the menu because there were at least 10 persons waiting for a table around noon time when we finished up lunch.
Simple: Walk in on a bright, breezy Sunday morning. Sit at the bar Order the beignets Enjoy.....
I still can taste the Pepper crusted Ahi sandwich right now, every crunchy, lip-smacking morsel!  My dining companion had the steak sandwich, she raved about it also, but griped a bit about the undercooked, limp fries.  Cafe Brioche offers fries or salad with the sandwiches, all of them are about $9 each. Got to the cafe at 1:15pm, but it cleared out well at 1:30pm.  They have an abundance of desserts, we were eying them before we even ordered our food.  They had tart tartine, a lemon tart, creme brulee, blackberry cobbler, chocolate souffle, pear/almond tart, and tiramisu.  We ordered the chocolate souffle and the tiramisu, they ran at $5 each.  The souffle was basically a warm, circular brownie, with a scoop of vanilla plopped on top and raspberry sauce decor.  Where's the oozing goodness that we have all come to expect from a souffle?  In a souffle being served to a lucky candidate at another restaurant.  Sigh.  Tiramisu was lacking in marscapone and just was not up to par. Final score:  Sandwiches 10,  Desserts 0 __________________________________________________ Update 7/15/07: Truffle fries are AMAZING.  Delicate in flavor & literally melting in your mouth.  No ketchup is necessary, but available if requested. The duck confit salad is quite good, generous portions of duck atop baby spinach. Order the burger, very fragrant in flavor and comes in a light airy roll. Don't miss the Blackberry cobbler.  Terrific.  Slightly tangy, not to sweet, and the buttery crust is to DIE for.
Went here a few weeks ago for brunch.  Definitely go in a small group.  Also they do not take reservations. I thought the portions were very good sizes and the food was tasty.  Only gripe on food is the brioche wasn't that great.  It reminded me of a scone. Service was fine as long as you asked for whatever you needed.  For example, they don't check up on your table to see if you need a refill on water, but if you ask, they'll refill right away. Everyone in my group enjoyed their food and everything was very reasonably priced.  I would definitely recommend this place.  Just be prepared to wait if you go at prime time brunch/lunch time on the weekend.
I originally gave this place 4 stars.  I went back again and experienced terrible service.  Our bread was stale, the waiter was rude, and we sat for 20 minutes after our meal before the check came. With that said: Yummy Brioche.  Tasty eggs benedict.  Friendly service. Crowded.  Will return if in the area.
Came here for dinner. It's a quaint place with tables close together. The walls are painted al fresco style. Came here with my family and here's what we ordered: -Soupe a l'Oignon Gratinee ($7): nice, crispy, cheesy crust but really salty -Hazelnut Crusted Salmon with merlot-blackberry coulis on a bed of sauteed spinach and roasted leeks ($19): semi-moist and tasty with the merlot-blackberry coulis -Filet Mignon ($25): super tender, moist and tasty with the red wine and balsamic reduction. The mashed potatoes were creamy and smooth as well, but not too light. -Cassoulet de Toulouse- traditional white bean stew with duck confit, smoked pork chop, and "sausage de Toulouse" ($18): duck was young and tender -Bistro Burger with crisp bacon, caramelized onions and Roquefort cheese served with potato wedges ($14): if you like extra crispy fries, get this plate The portions are HUGE. Usually the portions at most French places are small or a little less than average. The portions here are Cheesecake Factory size so either come hungry or expect to take home leftovers. Although the price was good for the amount, there wasn't one dish I especially enjoyed or would want to come back for.
I would give this place ALL FIVE STARS just for the bread and butter. It. is. that. good!!!! However, I need to rate what we ate as well. My friend and I ordered the chicken pesto sandwich and portabello sandwich and swapped half and half. The portabello was dinky and the bread was drier than it should have been. The artichokes and peppers were really all I tasted in the sandwich and although the mushroom was on the small side, it still gave a nice filling feeling after. I would give this sandwich 4 stars because I see potential.. The chicken pesto is what brought my opinion of this place down. I loved the atmosphere of 40 somethings sipping on wine and using forks and knives to eat their sandwiches at lunch but this sandwich was just mehhhhh. The chicken was well overdone and the bread was so hard I believe it may have been going stale.. Cheese was there but lacked flavor and the pesto spread wasn't flavorful either. Overall, this sandwich lacked flavor and lots of it! It took us a few minutes of staring at our server to get his attention so we could get the check. This was probably because he was preparing to close the restaurant since it was almost closing but the place isn't that small that he wouldn't notice two girls staring at him and one waving her hand to get his attention.
I went here for Saturday brunch and really enjoyed their fare. I had the pancakes and ordered coffee with it and they give very ample portions and we were served right away. They also were very attentive to coffee refills as well. I knocked one star off because they do not serve butter with the pancakes! I would have asked, but they were mobbed with customers. I agree with Laura you almost have to beg for their attention sometimes.
Fave: Cherry Clafouti (dessert) This place has solid lunch food if you're willing to overlook the sometimes-slow service. I once came here with a friend and the server neglected to give us bread at all. However, the atmosphere is relaxed and their desserts are actually better than their man dishes. The cherry clafouti (cherries in a sort of crepe batter, baked) is very well-done. Think spongy cake-like texture oozing with cherries. As far as their main entrees, they have a good selection of sandwiches, as well as 4-5 actual dishes. Most people seem to stick with the sandwiches, although their chicken breast with brown butter sauce is not bad either.
Had a great dinner here Saturday night with my friends and their two young children. We got seated right away and the service was great throughout the meal. Very attentive -- they checked on us and filled our water glasses several times. We had the special scallops over risotto, and the steak frittes -- both were awesome as were the appies we chose (bacon-wrapped date especially tasty). The staff was very friendly to the little kids and didn't mind that we didn't order meals for them. Wine was okay, not great. Overall price was great -- so much cheaper than other upper-end meals I've had lately. Only complaint is that it was hot and stuffy inside. Otherwise a great experience and we'd all go back.
Upon arriving in Palo Alto, our friend took us to this cute little cafe.  Everything on the menu sounded wonderful, it really made it hard to decide what to get. We had a wonderful table outside to enjoy the beautiful CA weather.  I decided on the turkey club & my fiance ordered the Croque-monsieur.  My sandwich came with a side salad and I must say, every veggie on my salad or my sandwich was SO fresh. I guess that's CA for you. I would love to try this quaint spot out for dinner sometime.  Definitely check it out.
I love Cafe Brioche!  Their pancakes are especially good.  The bad:  long lines for weekend brunch. *** update 4/26/08 I had dinner here for the first time a couple days ago.  Delicious!  However, be aware that Cafe Brioche is pretty expensive for dinner.  The bill came out to around $60 for 2 people (2 entrees + dessert). I recommend the pork chop.
We went there for an early dinner this past sunday.  The food was pretty good and the service was good.  Our water glasses were never empty and since it was 90 degrees outside we were drinking a lot of water.  I totally disagree with a previous reviewer who said its on par with Nick's on Main in LG...no way would Nick serve boxed pasta for $21. Overall it was fine but slightly overpriced except for the wine :)  We just moved around the corner so I'm sure we'll be back.
The only thing that I've had here is the Pear Arugula Salad, and that was pretty good. I guess this makes the rating pretty biased though cuz you can't really screw up fresh ingredients thrown together!
Have been to this place for dinner multiple times and am always happy with the food and service.  The beignet  appetizers are to die for!  The atmosphere is just so-so, but if you are looking for quality food, this is the place to go.  You will not be disappointed when you leave here no matter what you order, and the servers are incredibly helpful in the difficult decision on selecting your dish from the many great options on the menu. Another bonus about this place, you never feel rushed to leave, it is a true French dining experience where you are allowed to enjoy your meal and wine, savoring the flavors.
Although we had set out to visit Joanie's Cafe (but found them closed on New Year's Day), we decided to have brunch here at Cafe Brioche instead.  We were glad that we did, because the food here was exceptional. All egg dishes come with side of home fries and a choice of brioche, baguette or scone.  I had the spinach and sun-dried tomato scrambles and a scone ($7.50).  Coffee, which is excellent, is $1.50.  We also ordered the beignets ($3.95 for 6 pieces) to share.  The restaurant was pretty busy but the wait staff was still attentive. Bottom line:  Great little place.  Would definitely come back again.
This is a GREAT lunch place. I never had breakfast here, so I can't speak to other people's experiences with that, but it seems they get the most traffic and have the best stuff for lunch. The food I like here isn't quite French. The grilled chicken on foccacia bread is just perfect. The bread has just the right crispiness, oiliness and flavors, and the chicken cooked JUST right: moist enough still, yet crisp and wonderfully subtly flavored with rosemary. The salads are also touched with JUST the right amount of oil. If you can appreciate when salad is done with just the right amount of olive oil (and if you know what I mean, you know), this is the place for you. Classics done well. Friends and I have also loved the duck confit salad, the tuna sandwich, too. The fries ARE really good. Similar to the Belgian fries. The vibe inside is VERY cute. French bistroish, yet open air with the full windowed front, and the cute painted walls that don't look annoyingly artificial like other places. Makes you feel like you're eating on the Mediterranean if you squint your eyes enough.
3.5 stars.  The service held it back from the full 4. I went for brunch on a Saturday morning, and we were given our choice of table.  (It was not as packed as Joanie's next door.) We made the mistake of sitting outside, I guess.  It seems it's always difficult to get decent service when sitting outside.  Don't get me wrong; it wasn't horrible, just slow. More important is the food.  There's a lot of it.  I got the habanero scramble with a brioche.  Served with freshly fried home fries, the dish was very good.  Small details like onions, peppers, and a tiny bit of rosemary made the potatoes nice.  The scramble had a good amount of fontina and sausage. The brioche was kind of bland, I am sad to report.  I am no expert in brioche by any means.  I guess I was expecting something more eggy like a challah.  Much butter and jam was required to make the brioche worth consuming -- and this is coming from someone that likes to munch on french bread! In all, definitely worth a stop by.  Perhaps, next time, lunch!
We decided to walk California Avenue for the evening, and glad we did. Found Cafe Brioche by accident (didn't check with friends or Yelp first)... Just walked in. Atmosphere is cozy. They have a bar by the kitchen, which we might try next time we want just a drink and not too much noise. Sat down for dinner and had a great time. Tasty bread served with a nice garlic butter. Tried the special skirt steak (very nice), and the waiter also suggested a custom dish when we asked about some sort of seafood pasta dish. Also excellent. Half caraf of Monterey Pinot, and chocolate fondant a la mode (lava cake) for desert. Everything was done very nicely, good taste and perfectly cooked seafood. The server left us alone during the meal (which we actually like), while the second waiter made sure our water or coffee cup never went empty. Overall, very pleased - and the price was very reasonable too. This place just gave us a good reason to hang out on California Avenue more often.
OK, I'm going to reveal the secret of cafe Brioche... Their scones!  I know everyone who knows the secret is going to hate me, but I'm spreading the love to those who don't know. They go fast, but if you phone ahead they have been known to put a few "on reserve." In my opinion the rest of the menu is similar to what you'd get at a regular working class restaurant in France. But those scones... oh my.
We came here on a whim (actually I wanted to try out the "Counter" Gourmet Burger but we ended up here since the menu looked pretty good. Endive, spiced pecans, arugula, pears and Roquefort cheese in a balsamic vinaigrette (Too big clumps of Roquefort cheese). Cassoulet de Toulouse- traditional white bean stew with duck confit, smoked pork chop, and "sausage de Toulouse" (Big portion; I liked the duck but the sausage and pork chop was subpar) I should of gotten a lighter dish like the Polenta or the Squash. Beef Short Rib, savory and slow cooked with cipollini onions and mushrooms  (The bf liked it; I liked the mushroom sauce!) Dessert:  Chocolate Hazelnut Torte (Nice apricot/rasberry jelly design on plate with strawberry) In general - an older mature crowd.
Five stars for amazing service, delicious food, and an unforgettable birthday dinner! I knew it was a good sign when I called to make a reservation and the receptionist had a thick, authentic French accent. I made a dinner reservation for 8 people at 8:00 PM (I would strongly recommend making reservations for dinner). When we showed up, our table was not ready yet.  We were waiting in the outdoor seating area, when a server came out with 8 champagne glasses and a bottle of sparkling wine that he said was on the house! We were seated shortly after by a sweet looking waiter with an even sweeter French accent (did I mention I have a thing for European accents?). I ordered a salade verte and the grilled eggplant, others ordered the coq au vin, New York steak, hazelnut crusted salmon, and chicken breast. We ordered a bottle of white Cote du Rhone, which was honestly one of the best white wines I have ever tasted! It was very light, crisp, and chilled to perfection. Everyone at the table agreed, even the non-wine drinkers. The salade vert was very simple and tasty, I love how they didn't soak the lettuce in the Dijon dressing (take note, Left Bank!). The truffle french fries, however, were AMAZING!! (And I would consider myself a sort of french fry connoisseur). They were thin, crispy on the outside, and had a garlic flavor to them. My eggplant was also delicious. It was placed on a bed of polenta with mozzarella cheese on top. It was warm and comforting, perfect for a cold, rainy night! I had a taste of the other dishes and the New York steak in particular was perfect, very juicy and tender. For dessert, the server brought me a chocolate souffle, drizzled with raspberry and mango sauces, topped with vanilla ice cream and a birthday candle that was also on the house! It was warm, gooey, and very chocolatey. I also ordered an espresso (best I've had since returning from France), which was mysteriously missing from our bill. The restaurant itself was quite small and cozy and there was a bit of a romantic atmosphere with all the dim lights and candles. The servers were very friendly and attentive, refilling our water often and quick to give us some helpful recommendations. All in all, it was a perfect birthday experience and they made my night. I will definitely be returning in the future. Cafe Brioche, je t'aime!
This place gets a 4 star for breakfast and 3.5 star for lunch and dinner. This is one of my favorite breakfast places.  The ambiance is super cute (French and cozy), the breakfast food is yummy, and the prices are totally reasonable.  They have awesome chicken apple sausages.  They make the best scones, which are the large, fruit filled, moist kind.  I LOVE dipping the scones in their whipped butter ..... yummm adding fat to something that is already fatty is the best :) My bf loves to get the eggs + sausage + pancakes.  I love the eggs + sausage + home style potatoes + scone.  Their omelets are good.  I their huevos rancheros isn't the best.  I've been there for lunch a number of times and haven't been too impressed.  I've been there for dinner a few times and similarly haven't been too impressed.  It's all ok, but not good enough for me to crave going back. ----- I recently went for dinner.  I got the mussels with fries.  The wine sauce it was in was good.  I love fries in general.  But what I really loved was the olive butter for the bread.  Man - this place knows how to do butter right (or maybe I just obsessed about butter).  I love the butter they serve with the breakfast as well (lightly fluffed).   My friends got the cassoulet (beans, duck and sausage - pretty good flavor, might be on the salty side for me) and the duck confit salad (had better elsewhere).
Came here for brunch on a Sunday.  There was a bit of wait...most likely due to the weekly Farmers' Market. As soon as we sat down, we were served water (with lemon).  A minute later, a server came to get drink orders.  I ordered a cappuccino.  It was the quickest coffee drink I've ever had made!  Tasty too. We both had omelets.  I ordered the portobello mushroom and goat cheese omelet.  A LOT of onions inside, which was not listed on the menu.  The omelet came with a side of potatoes and two pieces of fruit that was not appetizing.  The potatoes were pretty good. Not a bad spot for a casual Sunday brunch.
With a unique indoor outdoor decor, Cafe Brioche pulls off quite a visual treat. Close seating, a bar (with a view of the kitchen) and sky lights that shoot sunlight onto your plate (if you're in the corner seats.) The atmosphere is relaxing and would make for a good lunch date. The lunch menu consisted of mainly sandwiches but also included soups and salads. I ordered the Duck Confit Sandwich. The sandwich itself was pretty tasty; you could truly taste the thyme. The texture of the whole sandwich was light but still filling. However, the duck was a tad bit dry. I wouldn't be surprised if these were scraps of meat put into slices of bread. The fries were thin but varied between perfectly crispy and crunchy. Some were perfectly soft and others crunched. But the overall fries were good, not salty and rather fresh. But for $11 + $2 tip, I found myself questioning the price proportion. For $13 you could go to a deli and buy a much larger sandwich + sides. The duck was a bit dry and the fries were inconsistent with texture. I give Cafe Brioche a solid 3 out of 5 (for now)
I love brunch here.  You can relax and not worry about rushing. The homemade beignets (French doughnuts) are great starters.   I always order the Croque Madame :  Imported Ham, Gruyere Cheese, and Dijon Mayonnaise on Toasted Brioche  with 2 fried eggs on top.  The 2 egg yolks are hot but runny, I LOVE it that way. The jerk crusted tuna steak with avocado and lemon oil is also wonderful. Writing this review is making me crave the Croque Madame so badly!!
OVERALL RATING: Service: 3.5 Decor: 4 Food: 3.5 Dog-friendly: Yes -------------------------------------------------- Plus (+): Coffee, French Toast, Homemade habanero sausage patty Minus (-): Long waiting list. No pork sausage links -------------------------------------------------- Consistent food and service. I highly recommend the french toast made from brioche bread and their homemade  habanero sausage, which is not easy to come by.
Such a fun place for brunch or dinner! One of my favorites is definitely the applewood smoked trout on their breakfast/brunch menu on the weekends.  I'm not a fan of conventional breakfast items, except for oatmeal, so I love this meal.  The trout is slightly sweet because of the applewood, and goes so well with the poached eggs and the caper sour cream! The wait can be a little long sometimes, but really thats just a great excuse to go check out Leaf and Petal next door!
I"ve been to Cafe Brioche about three times now, both for lunch and brunch.  I like their breakfast/brunch menu better, especially the Croque Madame.  It's just like a Croque Monsieur, but with two fried eggs on top.  Comes with salad or fries.  I had the cassoulet once too on the lunch menu, which, despite the fact that they ran out of porkchop, was actually really decent.  I studied in Toulouse, France for a year back in college, and cassoulet was the popular regional dish in that area, in the winter all the restaurants in town would serve it.  Cafe Brioche's cassoulet was pretty good. Oh another thing, their coffee is really good.  I'm not even talking about espresso, just regular coffee, it's really strong, not the watered down crap other places serve. Food: 4/5 Serice: 4/5 Price: 4/5 Decor: 3.5/5
I love this little restaurant.  A bit cozy and difficult to get seated during peak business hours, but it's never that long of a wait. I've only come here for lunch; it's one of my favorite places to treat my trainees after a successful rotation.  It has a variety of eclectic dishes, ranging from a portobello mushroom sandwich to flank steak to duck confit to a really heavy Cafe Brioche burger that will certainly hasten your coronary atherosclerosis.  I've tried most of the items on the menu, and I can't say that there's anything that disappoints. Lunch menu prices are quite reasonable.  I've heard that their dinner prices are a little steep, but I don't have any firsthand knowledge of this.
Came here for weekend brunch and I enjoyed it!  I had a 2 eggs w/ chicken apple sausage, home fries, and brioche. The chicken apple sausage was really juicy and had good flavor. The home fries were pretty good as well. I had brioche for the first time and I don't think I like it. Its like having a dry hard exterior muffin. I had a taste of Croque Madame and that was good. Its a fancy ham and cheese sandwich that is melty good. Don't forget to order the hash browns. They have a good amount of green onions that gives really good flavor.. Yum! The restaurant is packed and tight but I managed to get a baby stroller into this tiny little place. This is not an invitation to you stroller wielding moms to come out  here for weekend brunch cuz I will need a place to sit! Oh and there's always outdoor seating available in case you've got a 4 legged kid :)
I have been eating at this nice cafe for years. However, the service was getting worse and portion control was spotty. Lack of real management on weekends was spoiling the nice ambiance and generally good food. I was almost ready to quit going. Then a couple of guys bought the place, I think about 8 months ago. It's like night and day. One of the owners is there on both weekend days. Service is greatly improved. Portions are back to good and more importantly consistent sizes. I mainly eat here for breakfast. Here is what I like about it. - they actually have beignets just like in New Orleans - Wheat pancakes with real maple syrup - fresh sweet bagettes as choice of bread - large fruit portions and all fresh - very interesting delicious french omelets. Lunch and dinner looks good, but I've never tried. The ambiance is like a small french restaurant. And if you can't get in or want a different choice. The very good but different Joannies restaurant is right next door.
4 for atmosphere 2 for service & food (though may give the food another try) Delightful, cozy atmosphere with great faux finish painted walls, warm Mediterranean gold color, and 4 lovely painted murals of french labels. Service was TERRIBLE--Alfredo (noted his name from the bill) was very unfriendly, we waited so long for our order to be taken, still had to ask him to come over to our table & take our order, and he acted like doing so was a bother. A smile, an apology, and acting as though serving us were a pleasure--that would have been a big improvement! Many menu item descriptions sounded delicious, maybe I just ordered the wrong thing "roasted leg of lamb sandwich with eggplant on herbed french bread". I ADORE lamb and eggplant, so this seemed perfect for me.  Lamb was too thin sliced, dry & overcooked, hardly recognizable as lamb. So much fat & grissle to spit out I ended up taking the sandwich apart & cutting the nice parts of the lamb to eat with a fork. Eggplant also super thinly sliced, could have used more. The side green salad was fine, a bit too much dressing, basic but no complaints there. Because I liked the atmosphere, I might try one more time with an egg dish or salad.
I love Cafe Brioche. I eat here at least once a month during lunch since it's one of the closest restaurants to my work. This place gets a 3.5 but since I can't do half, 4 it is. I'm nice like that. It's missing one star because during lunch, service can be a little shoddy. If they are in a rush they forget about you or they might not make your order exactly what I want. What I mean exactly is I'm picky when it comes to my french fries (french fries in a French restaurant, yah yah I know) but I like my fries well done, nice n crispy, nothin soggy, nice bite with a little potato oozin. They usually make them that way every OTHER time. So minus one star for that. Besides that, I usually get the new york strip sandwich cause it's soooo goood. I always get it on french bread and it's so yummy, I don't like ciabatta bread. This is the way a sandwich should be, not too much fluffy stuff, just the standard lettuce, meat, aioli, and tomato. I've had dinner here a few years ago and it's standard. Doesn't blow your socks off, but good standard food. The duck confit was a bit on the dry side which is not great - but the truffle fries were amazing. excuse the french fry banter. This is a solid local restaurant, you can't go wrong.
Went here for Sunday brunch- sat outside and enjoyed the view of the farmer's market :-) Tried the chicken/avocado omelet which was really tasty! Also loved the oat rolled french toast. Yum. They serve bread/scones with clotted cream and jam which surprised me and was awesome.
First off, the food is good. Better than you'd expect for the price, but as good as you'd expect for the restaurant. Some portions are large and I took forever to decide what to order from the diverse menu. The smoked trout w/ poached eggs that I ordered was great, though. A little on the smaller size, but an actual smoked trout filet for $9 was as good as I could expect. The service, like everyone mentioned, sucks. The wait was non-existent at 2 PM on a Saturday, but it was painful getting water, our orders placed, and the check to leave. I guess it's a testament to the food that I'll be back regardless. ==== Rubric: 5 = Mindblowing 4 = Excellent 3 = I see the charm 2 = Disappointing 1 = Never again
Our service wasn't that bad, actually., maybe they've read up on their yelp reviews. but I definitely think the food is just a 3-star, maybe 3.5 if I could do that. It's not bad for Palo Alto, really. The prices are reasonable, the place is cute, and the portions are enormous. They do nice french bistro fare, but everything I had been recommended from their menu had changed: no duck, no short rib, no braised lamb. The fried calamari was actually quite good, it was crusted with parmasean so it had a lovely nutty crunch. Not too oily, still light and crispy. The beignets were ok, they weren't quite light and fluffy enough on the inside and the outside seemed a little over-fried, but the cheese and artichokes inside were a nice flavorful surprise. The entrees we got a bunch of different ones: The crusted salmon was interesting, it had a macadamia nut crushed in the crust which a little offputting as a flavor combo with the salmon and the blackberry sauce was a little overly sweet. The garden veggie risotto was nice, cooked well with veggie stock, but nothing too thrilling. I had the provencal fish stew, which I assume is supposed to be bouillabase (sp?), it was ok on flavor, the fishes were all a little overcooked. I've had this stuff where it's finger licking good and you want to drink the soup and drown your bread in it. This wasn't quite that. The beef stew was great, the meat was slightly overdone, but overall with the mash potatoes it was totally a hearty meal. Lamb chops fairly well cooked, there were A LOT of them, like 8 or 9 ribs. The garden veggies on the side are pretty standard, a broccoli, a squash, I always like to use the sides of an entree as a measurement for how dedicated to the dish the restaurant is. I think overall it's a nice meal out, it's a great place to take friends if they're in town and they're pretty low maintanence on food.
I have a bunch of places to review but decided to do this one first since our experience is still fresh in my mind.  and it's not a good one! :( This place was disappointing.  We headed here for some breakfast and I was excited since yelpers have never lead me in the wrong direction. What we had: special peach french toast with fresh fruit veggie egg scramble, side of bacon, french brioche Verdict: The french toast was unfortunately not good. The flavor was interesting...in a bad way.  The fruit was fine though.  I didn't even eat half my plate.  It has to be bad for me not to finish french toast. The scramble was ok but overall lacking flavor.  Brioche came out on the dry side for my friend and was just meh for me.  Potato hash that came with it was boring, normal and soggy. Overall: I really wanted to give this chance a place but to be honest...there are so many other great places in the bay area (los gatos! downtown sj!) -food: doesn't live up to hype from our experience -service: this was poor too -location: cute little place with outside tables -would i return: probably not
Overall I found the food at brunch to be pretty tasty.   I do agree with an earlier reviewer that the beignets are disappointing, as they are too bready and dry. The staff was friendly, but woefully incompetent.  We were never told of the specials (which looked quite good after we noticed them on a board after ordering) and basics like bringing out food and drinks, or serving tables in order seemed to be a challenge throughout the meal. Our server apparently spoke very little English, which wouldn't normally be an issue but she seemed to be inexperienced and running behind and not being able to communicate with us, for example, as to why she would bring out 2 coffees and make the other 2 people at our table wait another 5 minutes for their coffees when we all 4 ordered at the same time made for a pretty unsatisfying experience.
I've never been here for brunch or lunch, but I've been several times for dinner, and I've never been disappointed. I've always had reservations and been seated right away. The only item on the menu I didn't care for was the stuffed chicken breast, which was dry and kind of bland, but everything else is great. The boeuf bourgignon is the best! I love the duck confit and chicken liver salads, and the creme brulee for dessert is delicious. Service is on the slow side, but that's normal in a French restaurant.  I asked my server to recommend a wine to go with my steak, and the one he suggested wasn't expensive and it was a great choice. They've got beer, wine, and a few specialty mixed drinks (like a kir) listed on the board, but there's not a bar.  I'm not sure if they offer other drinks. I've never minded since wine is usually what I want with French food anyway.
This is a great breakfast spot. Must have: Scones !   fresh, made on site, super tasty. I was surprised at the vegetarian options available ( soy cheese, tofu omlets).  I tried one and it was one of the best omlets that you could have when you don't get to have the good (bad) stuff. Service was prompt and crisp, coffee always full, water refreshed. Haven't had lunch or dinner here but may try based on the other Yelp reviews.
This should really be 3.5 stars.  It used to be a solid 4, but there have been changes over the past 5-10 years that have brought my rating down.  These include: -slowly but steadily rising prices -more customers, leading to less consistent service -a noticeable drop in the quality of the brioche and some desserts, which leads me to believe that the original (and more skilled) pastry chef has moved on. That said, the menu still provides a nice change from the usual $15 lunch/$30 dinner fare, and breakfast--with original choices like the spinach, basil, walnut, and roquefort scramble or french toast with the fruit baked into the bread--might be the best meal served here. Malak, the guy who looks like he could be an extra in a French movie, will give you a good recommendation on wine pairings, if you're into that sort of thing.  He's also a very nice man.
My favorite thing for lunch here is the jerk ahi tuna sandwich with green salad on the side.  Ahi cooked rare, just seared, on a french roll, with avocado.  A bite of sandwich, followd by a bite of salad.  It's a great combination. Also, they are really nice about splitting an order, because one ahi sandwich split in half for two ladies is perfect!  Rare ahi is not something that keeps well as leftovers. I've never had a bad meal here.  Been here lots of times.
Had Brunch here last Saturday with a friend. 1.  Atmosphere:  cute little restaurant with very French cafe feel to it. 2.  I ordered the scramble with shallots and mushrooms.  I asked for brioche and also the baguettes.  Scramble was ok.  Not great.  Not bad.  Just ok.  Brioche =  BAD.  I could taste the yeast.  It was soggy.  It was not good at all.  Left bad taste behind.  I had one bite and had to abandon.  The baguettes, luckily, did not taste like yeast.  However, it was split in half and toasted to a point that it was cutting my mouth.  I could only eat a quarter of it. 3.  My friend ordered habanero scramble plus the beignet.  Not sure what she thought of the scramble.  She didn't seem impressed.  I had a chance to taste the beignet and wondered where they got the recipe from.  It tasted like overly done donut with heavy yeast taste.  Not to mention the heavy amount of powder sugar on top.  Not what I had expected of a fancy cafe at all. 4.  Coffee.  It was ok.  Nothing special. 5.  Staff:  They were really busy talking and playing.  Not paying attention to the customers at all. Overall, it was not worth the trip, money, or my time.  Definitely will not return.
Decided to take a chance on Cafe Brioche today when visiting the Farmer's Market.  In short, how do you review a restaurant when the service is so bad that they can't even sit you in a timely manner? We were second on the list (behind a party of 5 that had already left) and the only ones waiting to be seated - a party of three with my wife and 3-yr old daughter.  We stood there for ten minutes while two tables (suitable for up to four persons) sat there unused.  One was ready to go and another needed to be bussed. Finally, the maitre d' - and I use that term loosely - shows up and is totally non-plussed at their service defect.  Completely ambivalent about the problem and arrogantly tells me that we are second on the list when we are the only ones waiting.  We decided to leave and take our business elsewhere. My recommendation is to walk past this place and go to the excellent Joanie's Cafe right next door.  Or if you want something different, try the Mediterranean Wraps down the street.
Was hoping to try Joanie's right next door but didn't care for the 40 min wait  for a party of 3 on a busy Sunday morning. On the other hand, Cafe Brioche had us seated within 15 minutes and we were ready to kick off brunch with some beignets and mimosas. The beignets were not quite as fresh as I had hoped although powdered sugar makes everything better!  I tried the omelette with artichoke hearts, prosciutto, and brie which hit the spot for me. The spicy sour cream on the huevos rancheros was also a highlight at our table. Had high expectations for the brioche bread but sadly disappointed as it wasn't warm and didn't have the same light, airy texture I love about brioche. Service was also lacking. The waiter was pleasant enough but we had a hard time flagging him down. I wouldn't mind coming back to try other options on the menu but I'd rather try to come early for Joanie's next time.
We saw this place was crowded on Saturday afternoon so we tried it. Man, I don't get it. Service was incredibly slow ( but they were nice people), the food was basically on the greasy side, it is over priced and we felt not so wonderful afterwards. The brioche bread was indeed nice. I guess the decoration is what people must like about it because the basics are not there. It's like a disguised greasy spoon diner.
I've had lunch here a few times over the past several years, so I decided to try their dinner with friends who love the place. My friends all have their own favorite dishes that they prefer to order.  Not knowing what was good or bad on their menu (hey, it should all be good, right?), I was surprised to see Cassoulet listed as one of their entrees. I've ordered Cassoulet in the past (particularly in France), and have always loved it.  So of course, I had to order it! Now, if you've ever had Cassoulet, you know it's a slow-cooked dish of beans and meat, and a key to its delicious flavor is that the ingredients are all cooked together so that they combine into something fantastic. Imagine my surprise when the waiter brought me this:  an open bowl of beans on *top* of which had been plopped 1) a pork chop, 2) a sausage, and 3) a duck leg (confit?) All three of these meats had been cooked separately from the beans, and had their first contact with the beans when they were placed upon my dish - oh well, so much for the amalgamation of flavors.  The chop and the duck seemed to have been sauteed (I'm guessing, but what the heck do I know about cooking), and unfortunately the duck was incredibly dry and tough (like leather) - as though it had sat in the hot pan *much* too long. The beans themselves were bland and undercooked (slightly al dente, which I do not like). Poor flavor and tough ingredients...overall, the Cassoulet was a huge disappointment and, in my opinion, a culinary disaster.   Why this dish is on their menu is a mystery to me.  But it certainly merits a single star. I probably should have complained at the time, but I didn't - I was too damn hungry.  But if I ever return to Cafe Brioche, I will NOT order their Cassoulet. On a positive note, service was nice and I enjoyed the ambiance.  And my friend's Short Ribs looked great.
Really like this place - friendly service. You have to wait for tables sometimes at lunch because they are so small, but they usually get you in quickly. The duck confit sandwich is excellent, and salmon (served as entree or as part of salad) is usually really good - served a little crispy on the outside. A cool little gourmet place on California ave.
I've always come here for dinner and once for lunch. And all the entrees are delicious! Except the clams and fries... they taste great but they were not very filling and a little pricey. The service is okay. They are a little slow but I figure that's because the French like to take their time to eat. My husband and I come back for special occasions quite often.
This place has good service and authentic French cuisine. It is not Americanized.  I'm taking my... Read more 
I'm sorry to say that this one of the worst lunches that my wife and I have had in the Bay Area since moving here about a year ago. I ordered a "House Made Veggie Burger" and received some kind of bean paste between two pieces of bread, with enough cheddar cheese for seven sandwiches. My wife ordered a grilled shrimp and avocado open faced sandwich. There was no indication that it had been grilled in any way, and this sandwich also came in paste form, with a layer of cheese twice a thick as the shrimp paste. The food was basically disgusting. The avocado on the sandwich was the only good part of the meal. I'm tempted to give two stars because the waiter was friendly and the service was reasonably fast. But the food was just too terrible to justify a second star.
I have been to this place several times for a late breakfast because I like their french toast and because it has an outdoor area for my doggy. The food and service are both just okay, nothing to brag about. Decent food and a lil pricey, but not too bad.
There are basically 2 types of French Restaurants in America for dinner.  (This is simplistic to say the least, but it is my review!) First: The "Haute" high end French restaurant. This type of place has the required snobbery appeal and air about it. A lot of elaborate sounding reduction sauces and dishes. Classical sophisticated food from Cordon Bleu type trained Chefs. You go here because either you: 1. Truly enjoy great food and wine and can afford it. To do this regularly, you were either A.  Born with a silver spoon B.  You've got an unlimited expense account selling financial services to pro athletes, or C. You are a self made somebody who wants to distance yourself from your riff raff beginnings, or D. You are a kept woman/male gigolo and you're not paying OR 2. You are curious about being a connosieur or you want to know about what is a commonsewer and A. You are in High School, living at home in a cushy middle class neighborhood, and your parents want you to have  fabulous Prom date by paying for a great dinner instead of a hotel room and limo B.You are 20 something and want to raise your bragging rights game over your peers, by dropping the Chi Chi  French place to make your friends ohh and ahh (but really, to get them jealous) C. You are a 30 something couple without kids or a mortgage wanting to keep up the appearances of your refined tastes D. You want to live large one night, charge it, and hope you can pay it off over the next 12 months Second: The other type of French Restaurant is the Bistro, a casual kind of place with good, heartier and more simple foods in larger portions. The food is more like what the French eat daily. I guess the Italian equivalent would be the Trattoria. Cafe Brioche is the second type of French Restaurant. So if you wanted the first type, go across the street. Cafe Brioche is a small cozy place on the wonderful California Street restaurant row in Palo Alto. Not a lot of tourists, or crazy college kids getting drunk (like on University Ave), but just neighborhood type people who know good food at a good price with good service. It has been here for decades for a reason. We had the fried Calamari appetizer ($10.25) which came on a large plate, enough for 3 - 4 people to have a taste. It was served with a slightly spicy dipping sauce. The squid was crispy and just right, and the sauce was very good. Also tried the Smoked Salmon ($10), which was about 4 or 5 long slices of salmon on a good size plate covering a pancake of fried hash brown potatoes and served with a nice aioli dip. Very generous portions for appetizers in French restaurant. The mains were New York Steak ($20.50), served with a really nice Port wine sauce and serve with half a plate of French Fries, and Filet Mignon ($24.25) encrusted with real horseradish shavings and served with italian vegetables and mashed potatoes. A glass of California Rutherford Merlot ($6.50) and a French Rasteau Cote Du Rhone ($7.50) complmented the steaks. There are a lot of good dishes to try here, including dessert, but we were full and needed a doggy bag! You might go for their Fritters, or lamb shank, or many others. They have a couple of vegetarian dishes, too. The appetizers are all about $10 or less, the entrees in the $20 range, and the glasses of wine in the $7 - $8 range. Combine the nice coziness, French management, hearty good food in decent portions and prices, and the relaxed clientel, this is a great choice for Lunch, Dinner or Brunch.
Been here a few times, the food is always good. Best to go during the week however, the space is small and can get really cramped and noisy on the weekends. Plus when the wait staff gets overwhelmed, service is very slowwww.
I love brunch at Cafe Brioche! I used to go there all the time on weekends when I lived in the Bay Area, and I never had a bad time there. This place and the restaurant next door have the same owner, and they both serve similar food (vaguely French), though for some reason Cafe Brioche seems to be more popular. As a result, always expect a wait for brunch, but hanging out for a few minutes on California Ave is never unpleasant on a nice day. The brunch food is pretty standard and quite good: I always enjoyed their pancakes. Kudos also for the decoration inside: I love the big mural painting of the "La Perruche" sugar package, which I used to see all the time in France as a kid.
The once husband and wife that owned both this and Joanie's split up with the wife taking Brioche and the husband, Joanie's.  Joanie's focuses on simpler fare while Brioche has a bit of upscale in the touch. Even though I've been slanted towards Joanie's, Brioche can still fulfill. Fried Oyster and Portabella Mushroom sandwiches are among some of the best choices.  A quicker alternative to Joanie's often long long waits.
I hate to hate this restaurant, considering the many good meals I've had here, but my latest visit for brunch left me angry for the better part of the day afterwards.  I had to keep reminding myself that it's just food. I arrived with a friend for brunch relatively early around 9:30.  The restaurant was little more than half full and did not seem abnormally busy for the 3 or 4 wait staff they had on hand.  The first offense, was the lack of seating by the host, who also played the part of waiter for our table.  Two menus were handed to us and he pointed over to a corner table, without saying a word.  Well that in itself wouldn't have been nearly enough to piss me off, but it lay the foundation for the poor service that was to come. Considering the restaurant was not even full, the waiter taking 15 minutes to even ask us what we wanted to drink or bring us water, was a little suspicious.  What was even more disconcerting was the same waiter taking other patrons orders who arrived after us.  You might be thinking that I'm just another Stanford snob, but to normalize this, the woman sitting next to us felt so bad that we were waiting so long that she offered us her leftover beignets.  We happily finished them off, just as the waiter came over to take our order. Since we had ample time to contemplate the menu, we just ordered everything right away.  We waited about another 15 minutes until our food came, which was acceptable, however, the waiter completely botched my friends 2 egg and sausage order for something that was not even closely similar.  He noted he had written it down correctly, so where was the gap in the translation from order to what was put on the table?  By this point, I still wasn't that upset, because miscommunication does happen and I've had a wrong order every once in awhile. What did finally piss me off was when he did bring my friends correct order back 10 minutes late, the sausage accompanying the eggs was completely uncooked.  I could even tell just from looking at it from a distance that it was not cooked through.  What was worse was that the chef had suspected it was undercooked, had cut through the center, and negligently put it out to eat in full knowledge that the meat was not cooked!  I can't blame the waiter for this, but you would think that you might look at the food you are taking the table first before you put it out.  Even I, as an untrained individual in food service, would have a little more care.  To add insult to injury, I could not even get the attention of the waiter to let him know that the offending sausage needed to be replaced or refunded.  It wasn't until one of the other waiters from another table noticed our flailing that we were able to get service.  By that point I had finished my own cold omelette which I had let sit while my friends order had been fixed and I was ready to leave.  The not-our-waiter waiter dropped off our check and we did not even get an inquiry for more coffee, any other needs or even the check delivered to us by our original waiter.  It was as if he spited us on purpose and didn't want to deal with the consequences.  The sausage issue was indicated to the new waiter, however, no action on the bill was taken.  As a result, and this is something I have never done before, I felt obliged to leave NO TIP.  This was possibly some of the worst service I have had in my life, which completely ruined the meal.  Suffice to say that my omelette was mediocre and, itself, not throughly cooked.  It was as if the chef was rushing everything out for no reason, since the restaurant was not even full. I had a dinner reservation for next week but now I am definitely planning to make that elsewhere.  It's unfortunate, because I have actually had very good meals here in the past.  Maybe it was just an off day or they hired a new chef, but I can't say that I will be looking to return anytime in the near future.
the service was ok, but the food really disappointing tonight, one of the worst meals I had in the bay area. Ordered a salad 10$, onion soup 8$, mussels 14 $ and duck breast 24$. The broth from the mussels was the only thing with taste, the rest was really bad, the mashed potatoes that came with the duck was the worst I had in my life, didn't have even a pinch of salt, didn't even taste like potato , nothing ! the duck breast was partly uncooked partly overcooked, a disaster !
My french friends swear by this place. I love the food and hate the service and would have received 5 stars if not for the service. The waiters seems to come with a "french" attitude. Not attentive at all and never smile. Make it seem like they are doing you a favor. I still go because the food is fantastic. Love the desserts, burger and the scones that they serve for breakfast.  Really nice setting as well. Recommend sitting outside.
I have been a customer at Cafe Brioche for years and have always been impressed with the service, the wait staff, and the food. I like that you have the opportunity to sit outside on nicer days as well as the European atmosphere of the inside.  The food has always been well prepared and fresh, whether the specials of the day or the main menu.
i went here today for lunch with my husband. i ordered the leg of lamb sandwich, which came with roasted eggplant, and a green salad. he ordered the duck confit sandwich with fries. we swapped halves and i thought the sandwiches and my salad were very yummy. he was not impressed by the fries though. and we ordered a souffle for dessert that was, for some reason, wet or soggy. i'm giving this place three stars because the sandwiches are very good and the service is pleasant. i will admit i'm not very into french bistros, not really even bouchon (don't tell my husband that - oh wait, this is a public space called the internet), so i am probably more forgiving in my commentary.
One of my favorite breakfast/lunch spots in Palo Alto.  It's a tiny place, so the wait can sometimes be a bit long, but it's worth it.
3.5 stars I think I've come here once or twice with my bf. We've had the oyster sandwich which was sooo freakin good! Just thinking about it makes me drool!  I've also had their mushroom sandwich, which was not the very best one I've tasted. Something about the ingredients didn't mix very well because I didn't enjoy it as much as I did the oyster sandwich.  The service here is very slow too. If you come during lunch hour prepare to wait a long time to get seated. The place isn't very big so it gets packed easily and quickly. Also, since parking is a bit difficult during lunch hour don't even think about having your party try to get a table while someone is looking for parking because the staff won't let you take a table..they're mean like that! They go by the "your entire party needs to be present" rule..BOO! Trust me, we tried that. But lucky for me as our name was being called my bf had found parking and was walking toward the restaurant already...i just had to yell at him to make a mad dash to the door before the lady gave our seats away! :P
Been here 3 times so far, all for weekday lunch. The first time I had the burger and fries and it blew me away. Absolutely delicious on a really nice roll. The second time I went with the Jerk crusted Tuna sandwich which one of my friends was having, and that was incredible. Nicely medium rare, and they let us have 1/2 salad 1/2 fries for our side. It was a VERY substantial meal, so even thought it wasn't cheap ($9.75), I thought it was very reasonable given the quantity and quality of the food. The third time I had exactly the same thing, altho I was tempted to try the cornmeal crusted oyster sandwich. The tuna slab was somewhat smaller than the previous time, but the meal was still incredibly substantial. Ice tea to drink and we had no problems keeping our glasses full. Perhaps the service is better on weekdays when it is slightly less of a zoo, because it has always been excellent so far for me.
Great brunch spot to munch in Palo Alto for families, couples and even loners. Menu is simple and food is quite simple but they deliver quality plates. My Smoked Trout with poached eggs and potato pancake was a hit. Just can't go wrong with soft poached eggs and crispy potato pancake. Trout was also tender and smoky and the caper sour cream was perfect compliment to balance the flavors. Only thing that could have been better was the brioche which was a little hard and stale. Scone was definitely way better so choose that from the choice of brioche, scone, or baguette.
We've been going here once or twice a month since my last review, and I'd say the experience has been consistently four-star the entire time.  To be honest, I find it entirely indistinguishable from Joanie's next door, which seems to be getting more love in its reviews.  Like, identical.  Like, they might secretly have the same kitchen back there.  We always sit outdoors (because of aforementioned dog), and we have never had to wait more than five minutes for Saturday brunch.  Our service has always been attentive, with drinks coming out quickly and the waiter checking in on us frequently.  Some of the recent reviews make this place sound like a real dive, but it's truly a totally decent place to eat on Cal Ave.  Once again, three stars for the food, plus one for the atmosphere and dog-accommodation.
Cafe Brioche is a lovely spot for a sidewalk brunch.  We got the smoked trout with poached eggs and... Read more 
Pretty disappointing. I liked being able to sit outside, however: -They have no whole wheat anything (strange for a breakfast place) -I got one skimpy glob of cheese on my $9 goat cheese salad. -When I went to ask to see if I could have more cheese, the waiter responded, "That is the portion. The cheese is expensive, so that is all you get. We've never had a problem with anyone complaining about that before. " I was annoyed and responded, "well, you have a problem with me now." Overall, the service was kind of rude. We were sitting outside and even before my little cheese incident, when someone at our table asked for anything, the waiter looked very put out, particularly when it was something like more water.
FYI to answer the ? of many. The restaurant was taken over by new owners last December. They have made many changes.
I am new to Cafe Brioche  but have been there many many times the past year for lunch & dinner. The... Read more 
My absolute favorite brunch spot in Palo Alto.  The dishes are delicious and inventive, high quality ingredients and really put together well.  I've only had lunch there once, but the mushroom soup was to die for.  I am not sure why everyone thinks that this place is pretentious and overpriced... I find it very reasonable and most definitely worth the wait.
Chef Christian Vancliff creates exquisitely crafted Continental/ French food here. Always crowded, make sure you have a reservation. The Clafoutis is yummy!
For me this is a perfect cozy Sunday morning breakfast place (not American breakfast, more a Euro/French menu). The omelettes are great and the french toast is perfect. Small cute place to spend the morning with friendly service. I have only been here twice but I plan to go more often...
this is often the hot spot for me to have lunch when i'm craving a good salad. it's right off california ave - so parking could be painful if you arrive at noon or after. so try to arrive by 1145'ish and you'll be fine. they have awesome salmon salad (and it's not pieced salmon, but the entire filet), which makes a good portion for the price. ($14). it's sometimes over salted, but usually just right. they also have a great selection of sandwiches. The duck confit salad was OK. the duck was a little too dry for my taste. also, it's not best for groups over 4. it's a little small and most tables are meant for 2 or 4.
Every other review was exactly true so my expectations were set appropriately. I put my name on the list at 11:25. I was told there was a 15 minute wait. I did my shopping at the Cal Ave Farmer's market. At 11:50, shopping complete and stuff taken back to my car, I walked back to the restaurant. My friend and I were next on the list. It was mad crazy bordering on chaotic and PACKED full of people. We were directed (not shown) to a two-top in the back, next to the kitchen. We took it. I had the croque monsieur and pomme fritte. To my recollection a croque monsieur is ham and cheese dipped in egg batter and fried to a light brown perfection. This was not. This was ham and cheese with too much dijonnaise on brioche and shoe string potatoes. My friend had the artichoke heart omelet and scone. She said the scone was good. It took effort to have our waters refilled. All in all, the prices are reasonable and the food is good, but not great. Taking everything into consideration, there are many other better places to eat nearby, including at the Farmer's Market. I wouldn't seek out Cafe Brioce on purpose.
i just LOVE LOVE LOVE quaint brunch places like this. LOVE them. the scrambles and omelets here were yummy. yes they did forget my latte - but by the end of the meal i didn't really want it anymore (we ended up going somewhere else for our caffeine fix) and they didn't charge me for it. the best thing is that it provides me a place to go for a nice brunch with my friends. that's the best thing. :)
A small, quaint bistro with likely the best sandwiches, bar none, on the peninsula. To start with the bad: I've never been satisfied with the egg plates at brunch. They're well enough but the eggs are rarely done properly, either tasting soggy or coming out cold: more care is given to the remainder of the ingredients, but an omlette or scramble is about the egg. Everything else is exceptional. Service can be hit or miss. Sunday brunches are a bit of a madhouse, a testament to how good the place is. However, it never feels like there are enough staff to cover all the patrons, and wait times are long for nearly everything, from food to refilling water to even ordering wine. The sad part is that Sundays are the only day this is forgivable, and the service tends to be similarly brusque at most times. However, the remainder is a wonderful experience. The Jerk Crusted Salmon sandwich (and likewise the salad) is exquisite, but all of the rest are also excellent. Entrees and salads are very good, although the dressings on the salads can feel heavy-handed (especially the caeser). The moules are very well done, and I've heard friends rave about the calamari, with good reason. In short, it's hard to find something on the menu you won't like. This is a great place to try something new and different from your normal palette and be glad for it. Wine selection is limited but quite good. I am outspoken in my disdain of rose...although the current Cotes de Provence they serve is delightful and perfect for a casual lunch. I must say, as well, the espresso is excellent, even though none of the servers have been particularly good at making it - I've never been served one with a good crema on the top but it still tastes great. I may have been griping about the service, but they are quite friendly and often willing to go the extra mile to suit requests, and if you are lucky enough to have the manager (who is often there) serve you, it's a treat all in itself; she is an extraordinary woman and excels at all the details of food service. The prices can seem intimidating but are quite reasonable for the quality and quantity of the food. An excellent destination at any time.
I've been to Brioche a handful of times...I can see why the reviews are so across the board; my experiences were as well.  In the positive column: duck confit salad (YUM), healthy servings, tasty sandwiches, outdoor seating, cozy, neighborhood atmosphere.  In the negative column: spotty, inconsistent service.   As I write this, I acknowledge the "plus" column is considerable realtive to the "negative" column which begs the question: how important is good service?
Brunch here was not a winner.  Should have gone next door to Joanie's. I ordered the habanero sausage scramble and the beignets.  The habaneros must have gotten lost somewhere because there was no sign/flavor of it in the sausage.  The beignets were lackluster.  My friend ordered a scramble (forgot which one) which she thought was ok and a brioche.  Could not finish the brioche and this was not because it was EXTRA LARGE but because it was not tasty. The waitstaff seemed more interested in chatting with each other by the coffee station. On the plus side, the atmosphere is really cute.  Reminiscent of French country.  Too bad you can't eat the atmosphere.
Duck Confit Salad is pretty amazing. The duck is prepared really well as well as the spinach in the pear vinaigrette. It's a really cute place, nice place to dine with wine.
We usually come here for lunch on weekends and the food has always been superb.  I love the jerk tuna sandwich!  The duck confit sandwich is is worth trying if you're not on a diet.  My parents are very picky eaters and they really liked the chicken sandwich.  I also love the atmosphere. The waitstaff is always accommodating with table selection and are very attentive.  They're knowledgeable about the menu. Listen to their suggestions!
So we had been to Joanie's down the street and weren't impressed and thought we'd give Cafe Brioche a try as well.  Lot easier to get a table so that was nice.  Coffee came in a big mug - another plus.  Ordered the special for the day: coconut and fig french toast.  Sounded pretty yummy.  Then it came out.  Big minus.  Huge even.  The entree was just SMALL.  Seriously this was one of the pricier brunch entrees and it was SMALL.  Three small slices (each about 2x2 inches) and very thin.   Needless to say, I was still hungry after eating it.  I really can't express how disappointed I was about it (but I'm trying to!).  Plus our server never came by to see how things were going after we received the food from one of the other servers, because I would've made a comment on the quantity of food, or lack thereof.  On the plus side, my wife's bacon avocado omelet was quite tasty.  If I had gotten that, I probably would've given this place 3 stars.  But leaving hungry left a bad taste in my mouth and yeah, I'm dropping this down to 2 stars.  I've definitely had better.
I've only been here for brunch. Wait times not too bad. Omelettes/scrambles have some really good options. I want to try the oyster sandwich sometime, that looked really good last time I was there. Good place to chill with friends, or check out the farmers market on California.
Delicious and inexpensive salads, sandwiches and desserts are the highlights of their lunch menu. The French style cuisine and bistro dcor whisk you away to France, if only for the duration of your meal. Daily specials are always fantastic.
Nice brunch and although crowded - quick to sit for two.  Service was very fast.  Not quite the bistroey setting like Nora's but the more like your generic sunny brunch place.  Food was good and brioche was buttery.
i went here w/a friend who couldn't stop raving about their brunch, especially their brioche. my first impression was, it's crowded and small.  but the food turned out to be enjoyable. i had the apricot french toast w/bananas from their specials menu. but warning...their cappuccino was GROSS!!! and their coffee was alright. my opinion, a place that serves brunch MUST have good coffee. but i wouldn't mind going back and trying their lunch menu.
Their fried oyster sandwich, get IT!
I have never bad a bad experience here and I've been eating here for at least 5 years.  The food is always good and fresh.  They have a very diverse menu and lots to choose from.
Brioche is great for breakfast lunch or dinner.  Though at times you may need to indore crowds, it is well worth the wait.  My favorite thing on the menu is their jerk crusted tuna sandwhich with avocado in a toasted roll.  This is served all day which is great for when my little french girlfriend wants sweet breakfast brioche and I can get my jerk on.  When you go say Hi to Malek the most professional and friendliest guy I have ever come across. Malek is the best.  Enjoy him.
Great place.  Excellent French food on a sensible budget.  I took to French people here (Parisians) and they were completely impressed with the food.  The PEI mussels in some buttery sauce with fries are awesome.  The blood sasuage is also great, but I swear that i didn't know it was blood sausage until halfway though the meal, when my French friend told me.  I swore I'd never eat that! The wine is pretty reasonable priced.  One time though, they brought out a much younger wine than the menu said.  When I told them about the discrepancy, they were obviously embarrassed about it and gave us a discount on the wine.  Fair enough. At the end of the day, if you want to impress your first date, bring em here.  It's cozy, quaint, and has excellent food for the money.  Bon apptit!
I think it is one of the best if not the best place on California Ave in Palo Alto. I have had their croque monsieur (excellent with real jambon) and their burger and I was impressed. The bad part is, it is always super crowded and getting a table is near impossible. That is the reason, I have never eaten at the Counter which seems to be quite good.
These people really care about food.  Lunch/brunch is the best.  Great burgers, croque monsieur, and classic brunch dishes.  The only downside is the service, which tends to be irregular and may test one's patience at times.  Dinner tends to be too quiet (i.e., very few customers go here for dinner).
I've been going for years, and within the last few months I'm sad to say that service has gone way downhill.  For example, was in there this past Sunday... a list of people waiting to be seated, several tables waiting a loooong time for their checks, other tables sitting empty a loooong time before they got re-set. There was a notice of ownership change on the front window.  Maybe the new owners will fix the front of house.  Or maybe they're the ones who have broken it.  A shame, this used to be my favorite weekend brunch.  It's going to be St. Mikes from now on.
Love this place for brunch.  My favorite menu items are the French toast, smoked trout with hash browns, and habanero scramble.  The tuna sandwich is also great!
Got there on Saturday and 10am and parking out front and sat right away and was given water and my tea immediately.  Ordered the Vegetarian Eggs Benedict, it was tasty and came quickly, moderate size, the cottage fries were really well seasoned with my tea, came to $11.50.  Service was a little slow, had to ask for the bill, they were swamped after I arrived, usually 1 to 4 couples waiting to be seating.
It's a shame that the service here is terrible because the food actually is quite good. My husband and I went to Cafe Brioche on a Sunday for brunch.  It was busy (I'm guessing because of the Farmer's Market), but the wait wasn't too long.  The first sign of trouble was when I overheard one of the servers (who later became ours) speaking to an old lady trying to ask about how long the wait would be.  He was being really snippy and short with her.  STRIKE 1.  We waited outside for our table, with me wondering if perhaps we should have just put our names down next door at Joanie's instead... After 20 minutes or so, some guy named "Max" comes out and starts calling out names one by one.  No one is responding so he starts calling them out so fast that no one even has a chance to respond.  STRIKE 2.  We hear our name while he is talking in micro machine speed (I know you remember those commercials back in the day) and we walk inside to check-in with Max.  At this point several people are also there trying to check-in too, but his dumb ass called out the names too fast no one knows who is next to be seated.  Smart move, Max! We finally get seated.  I happen to really like the decor of the restaurant, but that wasn't enough to keep me entertained for 10 minutes waiting for someone to take our order.  No one even gave us menus and we had to pick them up ourselves.  Oh and btw, the menu I picked up had different pricing than the one my husband had.  When our server finally came to take our order (same rude guy from earlier talking to the old lady), I brought it to his attention and it took him another 3-4 minutes to talk it over with Max.  Max gave us the right menu afterwards, but our server at that point was nowhere to be found.  Wait a minute, weren't you just about to take our order before I brought up the menu prices?  Ugh.  STRIKE 3!  So FINALLY Mr. Rude Server comes back and takes our order, but only after I had to ask Max to get his ass over to our table.  I got the portabello mushroom and goat cheese omelette and my husband got the croque madame.  The food came out quickly, but that is only one of the very few positive things I can say about this place. As an aside, I want to point out that I overheard the server for our table taking the order of the table next to us.  When they asked what the soup of the day was, he didn't even know!  He had to go back to the kitchen and asked, but instead of just asking he decided to run some checks or something back there before finally coming back and taking the order again.  If your'e a server, aren't you supposed to know what the specials are?  And if you're going to take someone's order, don't go off and do something else in the middle of taking it! The bill took forever to process.  Their computer crashed or something.  Max came up to our table and told us in an all too smug manner.  The computer crash wasn't really their fault, but it just kinda added to the sourness we were already feeling from the moment we walked in.  Max was so irritatingly condescending.  He made excuses for everything that went wrong instead of just apologizing and accepting responsibility for what happened.  Nothing he made excuses for was even a big deal. Everyone but the busboys (who were very polite) need to be fired.  The food is certainly not good enough to make up for the horrendous service here and I am never coming back to this joint.  I should have been wise and read the reviews beforehand.  I hope Cafe Brioche takes the time to read them too so they can finally rectify the single biggest problem customers are presenting.
I had such high hopes...but there were too many disappointments from start to finish. I met some friends here on Sunday for brunch.  I didn't realize that there is a farmers market on California Avenue on Sundays...it is a really great one too!  If any good came from this dining experience, it was finding out about the farmers market! We got there around 11 to get a table for our friends that were meeting us at 11:30.  We waited around 10 minutes for a table, so that wasn't too bad.  Unfortunately, after that, the wait was miserable.  I think there was one waitress for the entire restaurant.  It took about 3 repeated requests to get some water.  Then another 3 requests to get a Mimosa...that arrived about 30 minutes after we ordered it.    We couldn't find the waitress, so we started asking the busboys and even the host.  It was totally unacceptable.  The meal took a very long time to arrive....our meals could have been good, but two of our scrambles were completely cold.  The hashbrowns were gooey. The brioches were ok (kind of dry and flavorless)...the scones ok...the beignets just ok (too much "frosting", I just like powdered sugar).  Ugh...it was a total waste.  At least I was able to have a good conversation with my friends...but I felt embarrassed to pick a place that had such horrible service.
If you want to get a table, get there early, else you wait in line.  It always looks really busy, but the food wasn't anything to write home about.  But the portions were large, and for a brief moment, I thought I was back in Paris.
Very good salad and sandwiches, but a bit pricey.  Well, I think it is pricey anyway.
Friendly service and good food. The scones make your mouth water and the truffles fries leave you wanting more. Food is always fresh.
Lazy Sundays...I love it! This spot is a perfect place for Sunday brunch. I got the tuna sandwich and side salad. It was not too heavy but still filling. My boyfriend got one of the turkey sandwiches with french fries. Not really typical "brunch" food but we were in the mood for sandwiches that day. The food was good, nothing spectacular but it was satisfying. The service is really friendly here and kept my coffee filled up the entire time. I would definitely come back to this cozy brunch spot again.
This place is where my Auntie and I go for brunch and leave feeling satisfied. I think our routine is part of the reason I like this place. I find their menu creative, yet comforting, offering some good homey meals, but also some more gourmet flavors to satisfy whatever mood I'm in. I'm a fan of eggs, and their scrambles and omelets don't disappoint.  I've had both their veggie/mozzarella scramble and the spinach, basil, walnut and roquefort cheese one.  I also have to put a plug in for the goat cheese omelet, which I love.  But my favorite part of the meal is most definitely their scones. I wish I had one now.
the restaurant selection on califronia avenue disappoints me.  i don't get what all the hype is about.  i'm on cali ave once a week for my son's baby sign language class at blossom birth center.  after each class, my wife and i need to forage for food and find a huge crowd of restaurantgoers up and down the strip.  however, i wonder why.  i don't find california avenue and all its cafes all that special.  the whole street kind of disappoints me, but anyway... stanfurd country in general is simply subpar.  across the bay, in berkeley; that's where people know how to keep it real. anyway, cafe brioche?  i think it's not too bad.  they make some good sandwiches there.  i've been there a couple of times so far, and the food is definitely good.  understandably, the service is more attentive when it's not as crowded and hectic; but the food is always very good.  it's a small restaurant, not super spacious.  however, the staff there was able to give my wife and me a space where we could fit our son with his stroller, no problem. i think my favourite dish there so far is the roasted leg of lamb sandwich.  the fried oyster sandwich and the seared tuna sandwich are also really tasty.  my wife had a duck confit salad one time.  it also was pretty good, but i didn't get to taste much of it, so i can't say for sure.  my wife mentioned that it had a little bit too much dressing. well, i definitely would like to return to cafe brioche if i end up in stanfurd country again at lunchtime.  it's nice to sit outside when the weather's good.  i think the restaurant gets most crowded during the california avenue farmers market on sundays.
This place is way too pricey for the quality of food. $8 for two pieces of soggy French toast. Then an additional $4 for a side of potatoes that were just okay. (They should go to Crepevine to learn how to prepare potatoes.) They don't even have crepes on the menu and it's supposed to be "French." For prices like this, I'd expect very good - exceptional food. Overrated, and food is not that good.
We went to Cafe Brioche for a Sunday afternoon late lunch.  They were accommodating of our food restrictions.  The salmon salad and croque monsieur were good.  I'd go back to check out other sections of their menu and to try their breakfast menu.
The service is good. The atmosphere is very nice. The food is presented well. But this place only gets 3 stars because the taste of the food is only so-so. The tofu scramble had no flavor. The omelet of the day (cheese and salmon) wasn't great. The cafe au lait was too bitter. The baguette was decent. I general, it's just OK. If you are looking for a leisurely place to eat, this is good, just don't expect to be wowed.
Good, unexpectedly inexpensive, satisfying, and usually not too bad of a wait for 2 people. If your'e in east bay, I'd recommend La Note over this in a heartbeat, but this is a nice little south bay gem, and alongside all the chain stores like le boulangerie (which is improper grammar, you idiots!) this place really looks great.
dunno about the other stuff, just have been here for breakfast/brunch.   The oyster sandwich is the tasty equivalent of a seriously mean oyster po  boy......although some of their omelets are good too.
Small place, good food, average prices, was pretty empty on a Thursday night so no wait. The lighting is pretty unflattering, so beware on a date.
Thank you yelpers for another awesome find! My husband and I met my cousin here for breakfast this past weekend and had a lovely breakfast. I had a scramble, my husband the eggs benedict and my cousin an omelet. We were all very happy with our food and man are those scones freaking delish! I would go back to just eat the scones. Big thumbs up!
Cafe Brioche is a gem among small restaurants. Brioche offer's a quaint, semi-european, casual dining experience to it's visitors. This little downtown cafe is extremely popular because it has so much going for it. Besides being charming, the menu is really fantastic. Brioche serves up some really different and exciting dishes that are sure to please. Does House Smoked Trout with Poached Eggs sound appealing? How about  an egg scramble with sun dried tomatoes, spinach, pine nuts and garlic? An omlette with artichoke heart, proscuitto, hazelnut and brie? Brioche succeeds by making the oridinary extraordinary. Very popular on weekends for brunch and most definitely worth a visit. Anticipate a 20 minute wait for a table.
I've been here twice for brunch, and both times were very good. The scrambles are good, and the service is great, your coffee cup will never be empty long.  There's a wait for brunch on weekends, but not too long. If it were longer than about 15 minutes, I'd probably want to try another place on the street.
A lot of my friends seem to prefer Joanie's next door, but I really love Cafe Brioche.  The duck confit and the cornmeal fried oysters are sublime.  They always have a lot of choices for dessert.  The food is amazingly well priced for how complex and subtle it is.
I don't really know how this place is when you don't have a reservation. I have been going here for 2 years for anniversaries and birthdays and I love it! The place is small, but I like it cozy like that and warm. It is also a little pricey, but the food is good and it is worth it. I like their creme brule so much! I guess I was lucky to always order things that tasted good. I will go again and soon!
my sister took me to this place a couple months ago for breakfast, and another day for dinner. and mannnn they are gooooood. the muffins that they served for breakfast were absolutely amazing. i mean. AMAZING. the only thing i remember from the main meal was the omelette like thing and it was absolutely delicious too. packed with a punch of flavor. good service, good ambience, good food = good rating.
Nice French breakfast place - other meals look tasty too. I ate here for the first time today.  Food was excellent, an excellent variety of healthy choices on the breakfast menu - any scramble can be made with tofu and soy cheese instead of eggs.  Also there is a tofu hash, which is more or less a scramble with potatoes mixed in, according to the waiter. The tofu scramble I had, sans cheese of any kind, was delicious, and I had it with some rosemary roasted potatoes.  The seasoning and flavors were a step above Hobee's tofu scramble, though I wouldn't necessarily always choose this one over Hobee's.  On second thought, I might. As others have mentioned, service is slow, but when we were served the waiter was knowledgeable and helpful.  Slow service is expected at a French cafe. Though we are not in France, I was not surprised. My potatoes, while tasty, were slightly burned - dark brown is not a desirable color for any potato part but skin.  It was just the outside though, and there was no burned flavor. I'm going to hold back from 5 until I have a few more experiences.  Overall, I highly recommend it for vegans and vegetarians as well as others.
We've been going to Brioche for weekend brunch for a good seven years or so.  I love their drip coffee and beignets; my partner loves their roquefort scramble and veggie egg benedicts, the kids love the beignets. Last Tuesday we went for dinner and it was AWESOME! My childcare fell through so I needed a place that was upscale enough for the adults but still served french fries for the kids (2nd day back at daycare after 2 weeks xmas holidays so french fries was the way to go).  Anyway, I called earlier in the day and explained my situation.  The host (who doesn't work weekends) was super friendly and said yes of course we were welcome with kids (ours are now 4.5 and 2.5). We arrived and had a fabulous dinner.  Great bread, savory beignets, truffle fries and kid fries and sancerre for appetizer and then the veggie options and some meat options for our guest and a byo bottle of red for us.  The food was well presented and the flavors worked out well.   The mushrooms entree was a little on the sour side but in general the food was excellent! And they were so incredibly good about seating other guests away from us.  I really truly appreciated this since it allowed me to relax a little.  My kids were actually very well behaved (!) but still, kid noises are kid noises and I hate to annoy others who did manage to get childcare in place :) We'll be back for breakfast soon with kids and for dinner without kids!
Brioche is a wonderful place to grab a bit of French cuisine on California Ave. Its a little small, with seating for perhaps 30, so make a reservation if you can at busy time. The food is worth the wait though. Whether you are in the mood for a Filet Mignon or just a simple salad and soup, Brioche will have something of interest.
this restaurant has 1 really good dish, the huevos rancheros for breakfast. the beignets are also very good. i'm not fond of anything else there although some of the other breakfast dishes are ok. lunch and dinner are mediocre at best. also the service really sucks. if you want authentic french service this is the place to go. an example of service this weekend: 1. ordered grape fruit juice but was given orange juice 2. ordered a baguette with breakfast but was given a scone 3. asked for a napkin but was never given one 4. a waiter had some extra napkins on a table as he was putting them on some tables. i grabbed one only to have him yell something weird at me and later throw a towel next to some glass near my face. 5.slow service!!! these guys wait forever to bring you a check. in short, the huevos is good (4 stars) but for anything else i would go somewhere else e.g., barrones in menlo park or joanies next door. i also think lunch and dinner there is terrible to mediocre (2 stars). service is absolutely terrible (1 star) as mentioned.
I love this place for lunch....  good service and yummy food I've tried the Marinated Flank Steak Sandwich and the Jerk Crusted Ahi Tuna Sandwich...both amazing.... comes with  salad or french fries on the side... I'm in the area for work a lot so i'ts convenient and delicious. Can't wait to go back! Get's a bit crowded during lunch and they don't have much of a waiting area so if you go during the week, go early or late...
We just enjoyed a fantastic meal: I think this is my current favorite restaurant for a balance of price and quality. The truffled fries were a delicious starter,  and the rack of lamb was melt-in-the-mouth tender. The cassoulet was a bit unconventional, but the flavors were rich and everything was perfectly cooked. The duck was tender, and the pasta special was also just right. I enjoyed a carafe of the cote du rhone, which complemented the meat dishes very well. For dessert we sampled the mousse: excellent and super-rich; the creme brulet (rich and smooth); the tarte tatin (warm and flavorful, but not my personal favorite); and another chocolate dessert served a la mode which was also very nice. My espresso was a bit of a surprise: more like an americano. Perhaps the waiter mis-heard? But the coffee was still good, just less intense than I would expect for an espresso. Overall, highly recommended, and I'll be back.
I would recommend their weekend brunch, which is hearty and yummy, fresh coffee, simple choice of wines by the glass, excellent service, friendly brunch-loving crowd, try it if you have not already.
Good food, reservations accepted, great date or special occasion spot or for just a delicious bite. Nice brunch options too. They have artichoke/goat cheese beignet fritters that are delicious. I like their lemon aioli with the French fries!
The scone was so good. If they could turn up the AC, it would be a perfect brunch.
My breakfast plate was bland, I had to smoother it with ketchup. My husband wasn't impressed with his breakfast either and it was one of their specials.
This may be our new place to go for brunch.  It is a nice little place but the food and coffee are great (the coffee is really good...even decaf)!  I had the ham and cheddar potatoes for $5.95 and shared fresh beignets ($3.95 for 6).  The potatoes were perfect; the skin crispy and the inside tender with lots of flavor.  I would get this dish again.  I took away one star because we had to wait for coffee refills and the waiters, though doing their jobs, didn't seem too friendly.
Cozy place that serves an excellent ahi sandwich with a super fresh salad.  I prefer to eat here for brunch or lunch vs. dinner.
Went for Brunch on Sunday. I thought the food was good. The service was a little lacking. It was pretty busy and it seemed like they could use an extra waiter or two. Also, a fellow customer was very rude. if you see a man wearing a polo shirt that says Rush Limbaugh on the sleeve, watch out. He will be rude to you!
I've been several times for breakfast, and once for lunch.  Brie-and-hazelnut omelette and brioche are great; at lunch I had the steamed mussels and really enjoyed them.  Make sure to go at 9am or slightly before for weekend brunch, since it's very popular.  Prices do seem a bit too high, though.
my bf & i went there for dinner last night, and the experience was very good.  we will definitely be back again! portions are quite large, so be careful how much you order. hits - truffle french fries, duck confit salad, lamb shank, service misses - pan seared seabass was not the same fish we're accostumed to, it was more of a tuna texture (maybe a different type of fish?).  coconut tart was lacking in taste & texture
Absolutely love the ambiance here. I would often drop by for a glass of wine. Sometimes a little short staffed but I don't mind it. Everything from the butter with herbs to the lamb sandwich is just very very satisfactory. Plus the staff speaks French, which is always nice for all francophiles out there.
This place is great for breakfast, lunch, or dinner. The atmosphere is very cozy, the waiters are friendly, and the food is delicious. For breakfast I usually get one of the omelettes; there's one with goat cheese that is my favorite, and their hot chocolate and lattes are very well made. For lunch, I usually order the croque madame.
This little French cafe exudes a wonderfully convivial and cosmopolitan feel. I have been there twice for lunch and on both occasions the food was excellent, service fairly attentive (could be a little better) and overall experience satisfying.  Wide ranging menu should satisfy most tastes. If you enjoy a tasty salad for lunch you won't be disappointed.
Went here for dinner Sunday night around 6 pm with my husband.  We were one of the first parties there; people kept trickling in the whole time we were eating, but no one had to wait that we saw. The decor was very nice with good lighting and skylights.  The location was also nice right next to the farmer's market that takes place Sundays from 9am - 1pm.  We parked right outside, and there was plenty of on street parking. The owner was very gracious when seating us and gave us our pick of tables, and the waitstaff was also very attentive taking our order, making recommendations, and giving refills.  I had the boeuf bourguignon, which was served in a big bowl with mashed potatoes.  OMG - so good!  I think that dish is in the same category with chicken soup for its healing powers.  My husband had the white bean cassoulet which was served with a chicken drumstick, a sausage, and a piece of smoked pork - also incredibly delicious.  We tried a mid-range glass of cab, which was very good, nice and peppery.  Our total bill was around $52 for 2 - not bad for a nice place.  The closest thing it reminded me of was Nick's on Main in Los Gatos, which also has amazing food, but costs almost twice as much. Very impressed.  We will return.  I am curious about the brunch menu, which it looks like people have recommended.
Try the shrimp and avacado sandwhich or the croque madame... pure heaven! Just a little small so prepare to wait a little bit if you come at a busy time
I've been going here for years and have never been disappointed. I like that it's good french food without a bunch of attitude and a that's it's a comfy rather than overdone environment.
We went there for a weekend late lunch.  The place was not crowded and we got seated right away.  The service was good.  We ordered a breakfast dish and a sandwich, food was good, but nothing impressive, perhaps because we didn't order the raved dishes.
Quaint little cafe.  Reservations are recommended.
The cutest little place. The brioche burger is SOOO filling and tasty.  The fries are absolutely irresistable.  I always tell myself I shouldn't eat them all but I end up eating them all. I've never been to France but if Cafe Brioche authentically represents french cafe food.... I can't wait to get there.
My favorite thing: the oatmeal crust french toast (my 2 favorite breakfast foods!) Least favorites: The long wait The temperature (it was a little too warm in there) The lack of space The table I was at - not comfortable.. I was really tall sitting on the bench and my boyfriend was really short sitting in a chair.  I kinda had to lean over resulting in a slight backache. I think I would return if I was in the neighborhood and was either willing to wait for the french toast or a table was ready and waiting for me.
We had breakfast over here on Sun morning. It was a really good experience, very good food, good service. I ordered the omelette with chicken, avacado, onions, peppers....it was done very well and tasty. My hubby ordered the scrambled egss with spinach, garlic, pine-nuts, again very yummy. Would like to give it 4.5 stars....if Yelp would allow :)
The minimalist quick review: Fair prices. Nice ambiance. Minimal service. Coffee is too acidic. Good portion size. Pretty good food. I didn't have the brioche, so I'd call this a first impression an "incomplete" review. I think I'll try Cafe Brioche again, but won't go out of my way to come here.
My friend and I went here for breakfast on sunday and it was eh.  I ordered an omelet and brioche since it is cafe brioche.  I was dissapointed w/the brioche, it was way over proofed and therefore tasted really yeasty.  Well i'm assuming that's what happened and not because their brioche actually taste that way.  Taste and texture wise it was ok, not buttery at all, nothing special which is sad cause they do call themselves cafe brioche. The omelet came out really greasy and kind of blackish in color like it was fried on a really dirty stove top w/re-used oil.  I'm use to my omelets coming out a nice yellow color, not w/a sheen of blackness on it.
Food is always consistent and good.  However service was slow today even though it wasn't busy.
Went here for Saturday brunch. Had delicious pancakes, beniets, and banana bread french toast. Fresh OJ and a perfect cappuccino. We've tried a few brunch places in the area and we'll definitely be coming back.
Don't order their eggs benedict. Their line cook does not know how to poach an egg.   The only reason why they are getting a 3 star from me is because their servers are nice. They tried to replace my eggs, but it still came out poorly poached.
Simply great food. If there are one or two of you, eat at the bar.  Watch the scene. Good wines by the glass. Good food. On occasion, better than you can get in France Malik, manager,  is a wonderful caring man.
Pretty good food, and dirt cheap, for French food in fairly large quantities, anyway. I got a vol-au-vent with seafood, which was excellent. For main dish, cassoulet, white beans with 3 kinds of meat (duck leg, lamb, and a rather ham-like pork-chop, I think). The meats were a touch dry, but flavorful, and the beans helped with that. My friend got a filet, which he liked a lot. Dessert was good too, but I went a few weeks ago and can't quite remember what it was...a caramely apple tart thingy, maybe. We went for dinner on a weeknight and service was fine.
I went to Cafe Brioche with a friend on a Sunday afternoon.  One of the main motivations to choose this cafe was the note that I could bring my dachshund and sit outside.  That part was easy and appreciated. I ordered the avocado bacon omelette, and iced tea.  My friend had the fried oysters (and tea).  The oysters - although not my style food - were apparently good, but we were both surprised to see that they came as a sandwich.  The menu was poorly phrased so that - although not unpleasant - wasn't expected.  My egg dish was ordered with a wonderful expectation of some of my favorite ingredients combined in a brunchy dish and served with home fries.  Um.  Sorry... but... canned red peppers should never be added - most definitely not in such huge amounts - to unsuspecting potatoes.  ALL I could taste were the peppers.  Bad bad bad.  The eggs were well cooked and the requested hot sauce provided.  I took a fabulous looking forkful and... ew.  The bacon was game-y and soggy.  (I even tried to give a tiny bit of it to my dog - he wouldn't eat it!) I, sadly, sent my food back.  When asked if I wanted something else, I had to say no.  I knew that it had taken SO long to receive our first plates, that any subsequent order at that point... would have arrived long after my friend had finished her brunch.  At least I didn't have to pay for any of it. The tea was really good. The service was basically cordial. The seating - while RIGHT on a tiny sidewalk - was a nice option The French fries (with the oyster dish) were... a la McDonald's (perhaps they've changed since other reviewers gave glowing comments?  Frankly, a previous review of the  French fries were the motivation for my friend to vote for this cafe, and weighed into my vote) All in all. It's OK I don't plan to go back.
me and my family decided to eat   some french food  thank god we  went i  still remember the  tendernes  of the lamb  shank with white beans :):): i can not get over it  soft as cotton melts like  sugar and my  wife had the beef  stew  which she's craving for.buggin me to take her there again. the  service was great  and the people were  nice and  i heard  that  they  have a new  managment  whch is a good thing
Thought we would give it another shot.  But fail number 2.  We left after drinking our coffee and cancelled our order.  We waited for 25 minutes for our breakfast and it wasn't even full.  The table next to us also waited for 1/2 hour and when their food finally came, they had jam on their toast on the side... which they didn't ask for.. apparently something/someone's jammy hands brushed the toast with the butter.. UGGGH!!! What a mistake!! There are sooo many better places to go.  Go if you want all the Parisian "f**k-you" attitude with mediocre food.
Great food.. horrible service!  We went there last many months ago and have never returned even... Read more 
This is a place we continue to return to and are not disappointed.  Many lunches, some dinners.  I like it for meeting small groups -- it's a small, pretty place where you can hear each other talk.  Hubby likes the mussels and I like their salads for lunch.  We were there last night (very quiet on a Monday) with two other couples and stayed and chatted for a long time.  It had been a very hot day so we weren't in the mood for their more-french entrees which are always good, so mostly we had fish dishes.  Two had the salmon, which they seemed to enjoy, not overcooked.  Two had the fish stew, very yummy broth.  Lemon tart was very nice.  Service is very good, I have found -- not intrusive.
This spot is simply perfect.  I have been going here for over five years and have never been disappointed. Service is fine, though it can be a little confusing finding a seat the first time you go there on account of how it is arranged.  I have never had a problem though, even when they are very busy.  The manager himself comes out to chat from time to time and is riotously funny.  He looks like he could be Penelope Cruz's brother but with a French accent. The other servers are generally quite charming (and occasionally there are some breathtaking beauties working, too!) which indicates high morale but the real magic is the ambiance and the food. The size is just right and the decoration is French/Californian.  One cannot help but feel comfortable, cheerful and somehow dignified.  Very nice paintings on the walls and the furniture matches just right.  There are seats outside, as well, which is wonderful on a warm day. The food is delicious.  My favorite is the lamb shank.  The mussels are incredible, too.  There is also a very nice oso bucco.  The meat is so perfect - it almost melts like butter. There are also some good salads, my favorite being a liver and spinach salad.  Don't worry - there are more tame ones, too, and they are just right. I have not had breakfast there (yet) so I cannot comment on that menu. Wines... don't get me started.  I have tasted some delicious flavors I never would have known existed.  The desserts are perfect, too, especially the creme brulee. Cafe Brioche is, to my tastes, at least, just right.  Easily my favorite restaurant in Northern California.
Cute setting Wonderful menu Had the Truffle fries - tasty but soggy fries. Don't think I would order them again Cesar salad - crisp and well balanced. Little too much dressing. But i didn't need to finish it, Did I? Lamb Shank - Delicious and Huge. Amazed at the great taste of the bean stew accompanying it - would definitely order that again, but would like to try something else, next time The house bread basket had very tasty types of bread with a tasty olive butter and the table had a great tasting Olive oil to use as a dip, as well Whole experience was great with really appropriate service
The food is excellent, but the service is crap! I have gone here a few times in the past and I've had the same waiter. I do not know if he's the manager, but I get attitude from him everytime. I waited a good 45 minutes in the cold which I didn't mind, but everyone seemed to get a seat, even people that came after me. After I was done with my food, I kindly asked for the check and the waiter barked at me with "WAIT!" Even after this incident I left him a good tip for the great food. I should've given him a tip of advice instead! I'm definitely not coming back here. I'll miss the food, but I can't take anymore of this rude service. A description of this jerk: A very big husky man with a mustache connected to his beard. His hair is also slicked back with tons of gel.
Great service, although I miss the old staff, who were low-key, professional Excellent value for bkfast; my parents ate there every day when they were staying at a B&B down the street.  Smoked trout with potatoes and sour cream are not too filling, good protein.  If you want stellar cuisine, I recommend going across the street to Elan or Jin Sho. Casual, elegant/rustic atmosphere.  I love Joanie's, but Brioche is calmer, food a little more refined, and just as easy to go by yourself as it is to go with kids or a few friends.
Cafe Brioche is certainly one of brunch places we frequent in Palo Alto/Mt View area, but it's more out of lack better choices than because it's one of our favorites. the Good: - reasonably priced - they do a good job with letting you salt your food - good choices, usually they have interesting specials Needs improvement: - more service with a smile would be appreciated, though the service is timely, don't get the feeling of being welcome, which i guess for me goes a ways. the place next door is pretty good about this. - sometimes there's a long long wait for this place and again it's not as good as some of the places in Palo Alto
I have been here several times on the weekend. It is absolutely delicious as it offers both classic brunch faire as well as an excellent assortment of unique omelettes, scrambles, and pancakes.  I usually tend to order the Spinach, Sundried tomatoes, pine nuts and garlic scramble and have dabbled with the baguette, scone and brioche.  Excellent, excellent, excellent and reasonable prices ($8-$10 for a full breakfast).
We were in the Palo Alto area and decided to swing by and check out their menu.  There was a wait, so I figure it had to be somewhat good.  We got there around noon on a Saturday and had to wait about 20 minutes.  The place is cozy and loud.  I ordered the omelette special which had ham, mushrooms, peppers, red onion, spinach and feta cheese.  It was pretty good, especially with the feta.  My brother ordered the french toast special with fresh fruit on top.  That was delicious as it was made with cranberry bread.  My mom ordered the chicken, avocado, red pepper omelette with habenero sauce.  That was mediocre.  We weren't rushed, so that was good.  I would go back if we were in the area but I wouldn't go out of my way to go there.
great menu. execution A-ok
i absolutely LOVE this place. This is one of my favorite hole-in-the-walls. They have absolutely the best breakfasts and great lunches. For breakfast try the huevos rancheros and their omlettes.  They also have these amazing scones and these fried french pastries with powdered sugar all over them - have one of these with some strawberry jam and you are set.  I disagree with the comment about the coffee - i had their mocha and it's fabulous.  For lunch - the best things on their menu are: the brioche burger (i usually get it with brie instead of rouquefort -spelling?), the  portobello mushroom sandwich, and the salad provencale. Their a bit crowded for lunch (try and get there before 12pm if you want to sit down without a wait) and there never seems to be a line for breakfast. In terms of price - sandwiches are typically $8-9 and salads are anywhere from $7-15.  Their entrees are about $10-$15 (for lunch). Breakfast is usually around $10.
we got there at 2:30 pm, 10 min. before closing on a saturday afternoon.  our service was pretty rushed, maybe b/c the server wanted to get us out of there so they could close up (understandable).  between the three of us, we ordered a roasted lamb sandwich, an omelette, and a veggie scramble, all of which cost $9-10 each.  all of us were pretty happy with our food- what was surprising was that we finished everything on our plates, which is unusual for us, so maybe the portions are smaller than other places.
used to be 4stars. I love their food especially their scone was excellent. Today I went to the restaurant......sad experience. Not friendly water- its' ok because French. some slowness.....it's ok because French. But FOOD, I can't compromise.  used to be 2 scones small triangle shape when I ordered scone....I loved them!!!  Today, just a square and it fell a parts. Taste OK. not good as before. then I got an Egg Benedict. geeee.....one of the most worst Egg Benedict I ever experienced.   English muffin were not toasted enough and too thin. Ham was terrible. Let me say again, terrible. veeeery thin, did not taste like ham, like the cheapest ham at Safeway.food was already cold. and plus nobody speak french at french restaurant. I recommend Mike's cafe for egg Benedict and Douce France if you wanna feel petite France atmosphere at cafe.
Uh oh.....I'm feeling a little bit cranky on this one.  I used to work about 3 blocks from here, and although I didn't eat here often, I always liked it when I did.  I decided to ignore the comments on Yelp about bad service, and meet my sis here for lunch after getting my hair colored nearby.  How can you pass up a place that has a chicken liver salad?  I love those little hepatic organs, and since no one else at my house does, and they're so high in cholesterol, and the liver is the sewer system of the body and ends up with all the bad stuff, I rarely have the joy of eating them anymore.  My sis and I always share our meals, so when she said she wanted to order the chicken liver salad, I opted for the lamb and eggplant sandwich.  Well.... my sandwich was a big disappoointment - dry stringy fatty lamb, couldn't even identify the eggplant.  Bread was good, not on the sandwich, but the stuff they brought in the basket with butter.  The aforementioned little livers were good and perfectly cooked, but the service was nonexistant.  I like to be left alone to gab on and on as much as the next gal, but not this alone.  Except for taking our order and serving it (ever so slowly) we never saw anyone.  We left the table to go for an after lunch walk, got about a block away and realized they'd never brought the bill and we hadn't paid.  Came back laughing and told them the story and they ignored us for several minutes and then begrudgingly brought  our bill and "allowed us to pay".  They should have been happy we were honest.  Next time I'm afraid I'll not be coming back.  I'll just have to settle for pate somewhere else to get my liver fix.
Cafe Brioche got our business because Joanie's next door was closed.  I think they have the same kind of food anyway (French style American breakfast/lunch).  There was a 25 min. wait for 2 people, and the host wasn't really organized.  The service is nothing to rave about, as the other yelpers have stated.  You place your order and get your food, but don't expect coffee refills or anyone to ask how your food is.  The good part is the food here is great, so at least you won't be complaining about that!  Also, they have fresh squeezed OJ.  We ordered the goat cheese, portobello mushroom omelette with hash browns and the huevos rancheros.  The omelette and hash browns were awesome, but the huevos was a miss (bland).  We also ordered a scone which was served with butter and preserves and very tasty.  I'm definitely coming back.  I love brunch and while we were waiting for our food and checking out the other dishes coming from the kitchen, everything looked so delicious and appetizing!  My husband can't wait to get the burger with fries.  If you're a foodie and all about the taste of food, this is the spot!  If you're big on service and ambiance, I'd say skip this place.  It gets four stars for great food but one star off for the not so great service, because I like good service when I dine out!
We come here almost every Sunday after the gim! Great little Cafe, great customer service, great food and if we are not too late we can even swing by the farmers market which is right in front of their door before having our lunch. We especially love their Roasted Leg Of Lamb Sandwich on focaccia bread, their scrambles and of course their homemade beignets! Yam!
Stopped in for breakfast on a rainy early Friday morning and it was nice to be seated right away. There have been past times when we have wanted to eat at Cafe Brioche on the weekend and we were not willing to wait. Sat down immediately near the window and took a glance over the menu. They have some pretty fabulous items to choose from. The breakfast menu is more gourmet then your traditional breakfast items. Many of their scrambles and omelets have nice aged cheeses and vegetables. I opted to get a vegetable scramble with chicken apple sausage. It was very tasty and just the perfect amount on the plate. We started off by ordering cherry scones that came with butter and fresh jam that were really good. Next time I want to try their beignets. They also have very good fresh squeezed orange juice and good coffee to start your day off right. I'm glad I was finally able to try this place and I will keep it in mind for future breakfast meetings.
duck salad was good but service was bad. caucasian business owner stayed behind the cashier all the time without greeting the customers and with no smile on his face. only latino waiter came out to talk to us. shouldn't the owner felt happy because we - customers were eating in your restaurant~
oyster po-boy!
After having fond memories of Cafe Brioche in years past, I decided to take my mom there for an early Mother's Day dinner.  Remembering how delicious the Cassoulet de Toulouse was, we both decided to order it for our main course. It states that it is a "traditional white bean stew with duck confit, smoked pork chop, and sausage de Toulouse," but I was wondering what happened to the bean stew part.  I had to lift the generous (yes, generous) portion of the meat up to actually find the beans buried underneath.  In the past, this dish was served piping hot to the table in the pan it was cooked in.  While it was tasty and they were very generous with the portion of each meat served, there just were not enough beans for this dish.  And there was no stew in sight.  We started our meal off with two salads which were fine, nothing great, but still fine.  Their website lists that they have a notable wine list which is just not true.  It's a small restaurant so I don't expect a huge list, but I would expect more than four wines per each type served, especially with a wine shop only a couple of doors down.  The white wine list consisted of three chardonnays and one sauvignon blanc.  Overall, it is a quaint bistro type restaurant and pleasant enough, but I am not sure if that is enough to lure me back.
My family goes to Cafe Brioche every weekend for brunch. It has a nice, casual decor and the food is consistently delicious! The servers are almost like family. They greet my family every weekend with warm smiles and superb service. I haven't had everything on their menu because I can't resist my standbys. The huevos rancheros for brunch is definitely something to eagerly jump out of bed for! The lamb sandwich with eggplant was the first item I ever ordered there and it is one that I have ordered again and again. And those French fries? Out of this world! On weekends, you might have to wait for a table, but it is definitely worth it. For those of you who complain about the wait and/or service, go somewhere else. Cafe Brioche is a family favorite that we will continue to enjoy for many years to come.
I have gone here several times over the years, but it's never a place I kept in mind to frequent.  But a couple of weeks ago, we met the in-laws there.  I had the croque madame, and having just returned from a vacation in Paris where I had it almost everyday, I thought it was very good.  We sat inside and the service was okay, but we had to wave them down a couple times to get coffee refills even though we were seated right near the server station (you'd think a place popular for breakfast place would have that down) . But all in all, I thought to myself that we really needed to go there more often. So we did - the next weekend with friends (the ones we went to Paris with, in fact).  The boys had the croques - good choice.  The girls split an avocado-bacon omelette and eggs benedict with egg over medium.  We started with beignets, which were good but not as light and airy as we expected.  The croques were as good as they were the week before.  But that's where it stopped.  A poached egg came out...um, huh?  The server looked kind of confused and whisked it away.  But no big deal, right?  We still have the omelette.  Well, not really because my half had a hair in it.  A very, very long hair all through it, which didn't really make me want to nibble from the other half.  So I tell the server and again he looks a little perplexed and takes it away.  So I'm losing my appetite, and once again our coffees aren't getting filled, but this time we were outside so we couldn't even wave down the server.  So we sat and waited and a few minutes later (a point for the fast turnaround), the eggs benedict came out. The egg was soft, which isnt what we ordered, but it was food and we were happy.  After all that though, it was bland and barely warm (which I thought odd since they had apparently turned it out in several minutes).  And the potatoes were limp and not fully cooked.  Blah. They took the omelette off our bill, but never acknowledged that they did it or that there was an issue in the first place.
We went here for dinner. The place is cute and cozy and the waiter had a charming French accent. Everything on the menu looked delicious and we had problems choosing. When we finally chose the appetizer it turned out to be a mistake. We got the brioche fritters with goat cheese and artichoke hearts. In concept it sounded great. Unfortunately, half-way through the fritters we realized that the batter on the inside was completely raw. We called the waiter over and at first he tried to convince us that it was cheese, but I know my cheese and that tasted and looked like very gooey, very raw batter. The other waiter agreed with us that it's most definitely raw batter and it's not supposed to be that way. Perhaps the fact that I already ate half of it spoiled the rest of the dinner for me. My eggplant polenta was fairly good, but I wasn't blown away by it. My husband seemed to like his bean entree that included a piece of pork, duck and the sausage. But neither he nor I were blown away by this place.
Great lamb sandwich, but the service is lacking and quality varies - I've waited way too long for my food there only to have my order screwed up and sloppily assembled.
We love to come here for Saturday brunch. My dear love the French Toast here.
Lunch food is pretty good but service is sloooooow and it's hard to find parking since it's located right on California Street.
Despite its lukewarm reviews, I decided to try Cafe Brioche for weekend brunch.  It took 5-10 mins before someone came to greet us at the door.  The wait was 10 mins which wasn't bad and then we saw that there were two spots are the counter.  We jumped at it.  There were plenty of interesting options on the menu.  I ended up ordering pancakes and my bf ordered a brie omelet.  The pancake wasn't too special but I did enjoy it.  The omelet was absolutely fabulous.  The omelet also came with a choice of scone or brioche.  Given the name of the cafe, we opted for the brioche and it was undoubtedly the right choice - it was amazing.  As we were seating at the counter, we were able to get our waiter's attention with little effort.  However, I can see how service may not be lacking to other diners sitting at tables.  All in all, I will definitely try Cafe Brioche again in the future.
This is on our list as one of our fun date night restaurants (not fancy, but more of a neighborhood place). We've even taken my parents (from out of town) there for dinner, but it can get a bit too noisy as it's a small space. I have gotten the Cassoulet several times (huge course and hard not to eat the whole thing) and it's been a winner each time. Good portions for the price and service is friendly and helpful.
Nice service, decent prices for breakfast and GREAT good.
My date brought me to this cute little cafe.  I never knew it was on this street.  It felt a little like Europe and I was surprised by how packed it was.  I ended up having the grilled chicken sandwich.  The bread was fresh and the chicken  was rather moist.  The service was very quick and  a good place to take a date.
i was there with my  family and over all we liked everything we had. i had file Mignon  it was really tender  and the soup french onion ohhh... it was perfect for my taste so far it is the best one i had...... we like the service and the place is cute and cozy. i will definitely go back and  have that onion soup and try other things in the menu
I just got home from dinner with three friends at Cafe Brioche and didn't want to wait even one minute to write this review.  We had been intending to go the nearby Oaxacan restaurant, but when the owner of that restaurant was rude to us, we walked out.  It turned out that she did us a big favor because we wound up at Cafe Brioche!  The service was wonderful--very knowledgeable, accommodating, and friendly.  And the food was superb.  We went a kind of pricey route--after splitting an artichoke beignet appetizer (they added an extra one so that each of us could have our own), two of us had the lamb shank, one had the paella, and I had the fish stew provencal (totally delicious).  We were kind of full so we split a pretty large blueberry cobbler a la mode for dessert.  Again, delicious.  During the meal, half of our conversation was about how good the food was. Besides that, the host was friendly and gracious, and our waiter was excellent and offered very good suggestions about both food and wine.  When one of us didn't like her wine, he took it back immediately and gave her another (which she loved).  The entire bill was $161---not bad at all for a wonderful meal. An added bonus was that we were seated at a table for four in an alcove at the very front of the restaurant which had none of the noise from the rest of the restaurant.  What a wonderful change from most places where the din is almost deafening.  We were actually able to relax and enjoy our conversation! I will definitely go back to this restaurant--and to that very table!
One of my favorite restaurants in the Bay Area for many years. Consistently good, fresh, quality ingredients. The wait staff is friendly and attentive. Hands down the best burger, salad nicoise, and pastas around.
Overrated. I don't know why there are long lines in front of this place.  The food is so-so, as is the service.  The tables are about two inches apart.
Great service, great food and cute cafe. Went for breakfast and the selection was great. Can't wait to go back again.
First of all, I understand that we had a large party (16 pple) to be exact.The restaurant was pretty full but from the time we ordered, to the time it was served, it took over an hour. I ordered a Spinach salad with duck liver. I'm not a fan of duck liver, so i asked if I could substitute the liver for just chicken meat. When I finally got my salad, it was drenched in salty salad dressing. There was more chicken than actual spinach. It's the most disappointing salad I've had in a long time..... Yes, when asked to add more spinach to the salad, the waiter did accomodate to my request. But not without a rebuttal. He said, "That's what happens when you substitute the liver with chicken meat." Excuse me, but I beg to differ. A salad well made would never drench the palette with salt no matter what ingredients were used. Then to make things worse, two other dishes (a salmon dish and the bistro burger) that were ordered were also over salted. How can so many dishes go wrong in one night? The last thing is not a big deal but it shows the lack of service. We ordered a coke somewhere in between the night. after waiting 10-15min, I had to remind my waiter that we ordered one. Going out to eat is a complete experience where food and service makes or breaks the night. I simply found it dissappointing and overpriced ...but mainly more disappointing.
