Went to Bistro Elan on Birch St. for dinner and had a brilliant pseudo-French cuisine experience. Excellent service from a knowledgeable and interested staff, good menu selection, and the dishes were, simply put, stellar. The dessert menu I thought was particularly good as a non-dessert eater myself -- they offered non-stereotypical selections as well as 3-4 choice dessert wines. One thing to know is that this place is small, like a French bistro -- I'm not sure you could seat more than 6 people together without shuffling tables. It feels authentic throughout, though the owner appears to be Norwegian :) I can't speak highly enough of my experience here, and we took quite a long time to go from appetizers through desert. Never rushed, just encouraged to enjoy.
The low reviews for this restaurant is completely unjustified! The food was delicious and service was even though a little slow, was quite friendly. We got to the restaurant about 7pm and was seated immediately, it's a very small space and about half filled when we arrived (although it filled up pretty quickly), couple outdoor tables with heating lamps, very nice ambiance. Greeted with menus, bread, and complementary amuse bouche of cured salmon on chips. We shared a fresh dungeness crab salad to start, that came out really fast. I was kind of expecting the salad to come with lettuce, but it didn't, even better no fillers! Thin sliced avocados, gravenstein apples, crab, crushed toasted pistachios. The vinegar dressing on the apples had a very sharp bite, it was a great compliment to the creamy of the avocados and softness of the crab. The portion is pretty small, I can definitely eat that all by myself. For the entree, I got the Sonoma duck leg confit with pea and cherry tomato risotto, and my friend got the pain seared sea scallops with corn pancake and cherry tomatoes with roasted corn. Both were excellent! I liked both of the starches better than the protein. My risotto was super decadent, creamy but not too rich, great flavor with just enough acid from the tomatoes. The pancake had a thin caramelized crunch on the outside, and the inside was melt-in-your-mouth soft! I was expecting a denser pancake texture, that was such a pleasant surprise! The duck and scallops were seasoned and cooked perfectly too. The only that wasn't good was the hard-as-a-rock bread. For such a tiny place, I can imagine lunch time being a bit overwhelming. Good food takes time to prepare, and you want to take the time to enjoy it, so I would recommend coming here for a leisurely dinner when you are not in a rush to get somewhere.
I love Bistro Elan (On California Ave) so I was excited to try their new lunch location with 2 friends. Don't bother - their only interest (as hostess said directly to me) is in "turning tables" at lunch.  Hey, if I wanted a "drive thru" experience I'd go to In-n-Out. 12noon, there were 2 empty tables and they refused to seat us because the 3rd person in our party was not there yet. [note: They dont take reservations either] We honestly explained we'd order starters and wine (if they had it) -- but the hostess whined that they wouldn't be able to "turn the table" again after us. Classy.
I enjoyed this place a lot, the funky setting was great and the meal was awesome. I would have given them 5 stars but the vegetarian options were none existant which will prevent me from coming back with my wife
First. let me volunteer that I am not a regular Yelp reviewer; I am prompted to write this review because of the marked change between all aspects of the experience (including food quality) at the prior incarnation of Bistro Elan on California Avenue and that in its current location.  My wife and I had been to the Cal Ave location a couple of times and liked it quite well--the food and service were very good, if pricey, and we regarded it as the best restaurant in the Cal Ave area.  Cal Ave has matured recently (especially with the addition of Baume). While I dont pretend to know the reasons behind the move of Elan from Cal Ave to Birch St,  the end result (from the diners POV)  is disappointing.  First of all, the place is miniscule (I suppose management would use the word "cozy").  There are only 10 or so tables inside and they are arranged so tightly that the waitstaff have to engage in gymnastics to avoid bumping your table (or you!) during their rounds. While this might be acceptable in a less pricey establishment, it is not acceptable here where the tab for a simple dinner for two with one glass of wine and without dessert exceeded $100 pre-tip.  The food was lackluster and uninspired.  The green salad was not dressed; rather it seemed to me that balsamic vinegar was simply poured over the top of the leaves--I hardly noticed any olive oil--and the result was a disaster.  The main course, steak, was also ordinary--in fact, the steak was cold and it felt like the meat had been precooked and reheated to order.  In an admittedly small restaurant, one can rightfully expect to receive more attention to food quality and preparation.  The Anatolian Kitchen, next door, has better and more interesting food and the prices are much more reasonable
Great food.  Just don't be the last to be seated for lunch.  One hour for entree to arrive.  There was obvious confusion about what happened to our order.  Sometimes, waiters and cooks are in a no-win situation.  We lost.
