3.5 stars My friend took me here the other day for a belated B-day celebration dinner. This place is nice, clean, and the service is fast and friendly. If it weren't for the fast and friendly service, I would've given them a lower rating. Don't get the Pad Thai if you go here as it is very bland and dry. I almost ended up getting that. My friend got that instead and I had some of hers. She also got a tofu dish that she ordered here before that she said was good but this time she didn't care for it that much. The dish I ordered was the chicken with lemongrass in a hot pot. That was good and it was spicy enough for me but I didn't detect that much lemongrass in the dish. The ingredients were all fresh though. Rice comes separately and the portions are generous. I couldn't finish my dish and had to take some of it home. The guy who was our server was very nice and attentive. The prices at this place are reasonable. Most of the dishes here are between $9.95-$14.95. Some of the specialty and seafood dishes cost more. This is a casual place with lots of other interesting restaurants around the area. I'll have to try the Afghan place next door sometime soon.
Came here for dinner on a weekday with some coworkers. I wanted Thai food (I guess I always kind of want Thai food though) and some of them wanted pho and we were lucky that we found this place on Yelp! There was plenty of available seating even though we got there around dinner time. It got more crowded as we were finishing up our meal though. I got the Indochine Chef Noodles because I wanted pad see ew and didn't find it on the menu... but this sounded pretty much like it. I guess I was right because it turned out to be almost exactly the same. Yay! Noodles were good and had plenty of flavor, definitely one of the better "pad see ew" dishes (quotes because it's not actually called that) I've had in the South Bay. My only complaint would be that the noodles stuck together in clumps a bit so there wasn't as much sauce on them. I also tried a bite of my coworker's Chow Mein. Meh, not something that I would order. Other coworkers' pho looked kind of clumpy as well. The noodles were pretty stuck together. The waiters here were super polite....well, maybe. I'm not really sure. After everyone had eaten as much as they could, we were just sitting and chatting while we waited to get stuff boxed up. I guess since we were talking the whole time, they didn't want to interrupt us so we had to get their attention to ask for boxes. Then, after we had our boxes, we were still talking while waiting for the check to come. I thought it was pretty obvious that we were done eating, given that they had already packed the food up, but we ended up having to get their attention again to ask for our check. I think it was because they didn't want to rush us since we were just sitting and chatting... but I'm not completely sure. I would give this place 3.5 stars because I liked my noodles, but for some reason I'm not excited about trying other things on their menu.
Completely underwhelming. I stopped in for their lunch special: Red Curry Beef The quality of the beef was subpar.  Tough and chewy, thin precut strips. I ordered their curry based on the advice of other Yelp reviewers, but yuck.  Good thing I didn't order anything else.  Or ever again. Paying their normal prices would've been a ripoff.  If the service wasn't so nice, and the cheesecake bite at the end, I would've given this place one star.
Their Thai Chicken Soup is doing wonders for my head cold that inconveniently arrived in this beautiful weather. It's a spicy and sour broth with lots of chicken, mushrooms, galangal mixed with coconut milk, fresh slices of ginger and chopped up lemongrass. Just spicy enough to clear my sinuses. And of course it's right across the street from me, so I can easily walk there in my virus haze.
Indochine has a lot of things going for them. First of all, they are across the street from me. This... Read more 
I went there with my coworkers on lunch time. It was pretty busy but the service was fast and friendly. We tried yellow curry, sweet basil chicken Ginger chicken, and Pad Thai. Everything was good except ginger chicken was too gingerly(?) for me. Also the smallest cheesecake piece was great to cool down my mouth. Over all, I love their food.
I probably ordered the wrong thing, but this place gave me the worst bowl of pho I have ever had. The broth added no flavour of its own besides lemon, which made the whole thing taste like dishwasher detergent. The cuts of beef were overcooked and basically tasted like rubber. If you come here, don't get the pho.
We came around 1130 for lunch. The server was super nice. He was attentive and patient with us since there were so many options! I ended up getting the Vietnamese Chicken Salad and the Fresh Spring Rolls. Vietnamese Chicken salad - It was ok, i felt that it was overly salty. The dressing was forgettable. The presentation was cute. I would say the taste was mediocre to its presentation. However, they gave you chicken breast which were tender and spiced up. nicee. would i get this? i would pass it. Fresh Spring Rolls - first time eating bean sprouts in my spring rolls. usually its vermicelli, chicken/shrimp, lettuc. Not bad. I'm giving this a 4 for its great service, and attentiveness. They were cool with splitting the check and they gave us cheesecake as dessert! You should park in the back near the dentist area. It gets crowded for lunch. would i come back? maybe
As a Thai/Vietnamese/Chinese restaurant, it's hard to expect Indochine to really excel at any one cuisine.  Nonetheless, given it's reviews and it's relatively convenient location, I figured it was worth a quick stop. Quick tip: stick to the Thai curry dishes Tom Yum Soup - they actually call this dish something else (Sour Shrimp soup?) and it isn't the most impressive rendition.  Some peeled shrimp, some chopped American mushrooms, and a sour chicken broth.  I've had much better.  Wasn't particularly piping hot either. Mushroom Delight - a stir-fried assortment of king, oyster, and enoki mushrooms.  Actually fairly tasty, but a very basic preparation. Pho Tai - the classic Vietnamese soup noodle broth.  Broth was exceedingly bland and you can do much better at any dedicated pho restaurant.   Instead of thinly sliced beef like you typically get, it was a mixture of beef chunks and green onion.  Pretty disappointing. Indochine is a convenient and quick Mom and Pop shop that's good for a quick dinner, but overall, I'd stick with the Thai curry dishes, especially given the prices.  The other items we sampled were less than impressive for the Bay Area. Indochine accepts credit cards, including American Express.
Very nice local neighborhood restaurant. Food is quite tasty, and the service is fast.
A long-time favorite neighborhood Thai place with great food, reasonable prices, and warm, attentive service. The Coconut Chicken Soup and Basil Chicken Eggplant are my favorites. The soup strikes just the right balance between creamy and spicy. My kids like the Pad Thai made with chicken only, no shrimp. The staff is friendly and efficient, and they're happy to adjust dishes in terms of spiciness and ingredients. The chocolate cake for dessert is light and makes a nice finish to a yummy meal. Is this really a five-star restaurant? Let's put it this way... Given this is *Midtown Palo Alto* - which comprises several blocks of martial arts studios, Baskin-Robbins, and a dated Safeway - Indochine is definitely one of the best places to eat and quite possibly "as good as it gets." The lunch is a great value, and the people who run this place are just lovely. If you're in the neighborhood, definitely worth stopping in for a bite.
Stopped by for light brunch - Curry was OK. Spicy is definitely spicy. Papaya salad was sweetly sour and refreshing - loved the mango slices. Overall it was a nice lunch, but nothing memorable enough to come back to.
I have been trying A LOT of Thai restaurants lately and comparing them to one another as well as to my own Thai cooking (a recent passion of mine).  I have to say that Indochine is very, very good.  The restaurant appears to be very clean (I have been told that they steam clean the kitchen every six months).  The ambiance is simple with clean lines to their decor, and you won't feel out of place wearing jeans.  Their Thai Coconut Soup (e.g., Thom Kha Gai) is one of the best I've had, and I order it almost every time I go there.  I only wish that they'd put the galanga and the lemon grass in a cheese cloth to flavor the soup as it is served special to me without either of them because it is too tough to chew.  I put my galanga and lemon grass stalks in cheese cloth at home and tie with a string to a wooden spoon propped up over the pot. All of their food is made to order, and is NOT made ahead of time and kept warm. Also, I was recently introduced to their Shaking Beef, and it was excellent.  They use real beef tenderloin (i.e., filet mignon) in their recipe.  I believe this is one of their most popular dishes. The Chicken Eggplant and Green Curry Chicken is also very good.  Some restaurants have too many varieties of vegetables in their curry, but Indochine has the perfect balance and their curry is  very flavorful. I highly recommend this well-kept Palo Alto secret.
FREE SOUP + CHOCOLATE CAKE?? YES, PLEASE! I'd recommend coming here for lunch, because it's cheap- less than $8 deals that comes with soup, a small vegetarian spring roll andddd a mini chocolate cake at the end. Got the green curry with chicken. Great and spicy! Even better and spicy the next day. They definitely aren't stingy with their ingredients. Had lots of chicken and veggies. Mine didn't come with extra rice in the to-go box (as other Yelpers have mentioned), but I still enjoyed lunch the day of and the day after coming to Indochine.
4.5 Stars Went here for lunch today with two of my co-workers. It was kinda busy, which is usually a good sign that the food will be awesome. I was not let down. I had the yellow curry chicken and had them add some red curry to make it more spicy. OMG! They made it awesome. Not too spicy... just right. Their lunch special is a fantastic deal. Includes hot soup, small spring roll, rice and their secret dessert... CHOCOLATE CAKE!!! Oh yes! The spring rolls were good and came with a tasty peanut dipping sauce. The portion size of the curry was excellent, as was the taste. Full of chicken and potatoes. More chicken than I'm used to for sure! Overall, a great experience and I would highly recommend them. My only beef was they didn't refill waters and service was a little slow. :(
Met a friend here for lunch, who loves to eat here, and left feeling very satisfied. Love the Sweet Basil Chicken, perfect flavoring & spices. I especially liked the brown rice (1. It was an option, 2. Typically it is very sticky, this wasn't, a little harder with the chopsticks, but spoon & fork were provided). The vegetable soup and veggie spring roll were yummy, but I thought the peanut dipping sauce was way too sweet. Then to top it off, we were offered small pieces of chocolate cake, which were the perfect size and light tasting. Service was perfect and I especially liked that the waiter seemed to figure out when we needed refills on our water. And big pluses for not being pushy about us leaving, so we had time to catch up.
We came here today, to meet a friend and hang out with her.   I am so thankful we chose this place to meet. Absolutely wonderful place.  Nice for couples, and also good for families too.  The owner is cool with the kids..  and likes to give them some sweet rice.  (awesome stuff btw).   Get the Basil Pork spareibs; you will not be disappointed.
This place is right down the street from our apartment. It's really convenient for take out but I would recommend going in. When I took a group of friends we got great service and free desert.
Good service; tasty if simple papaya salad and green curry. Atmosphere a little spartan.
Ok so the ambience is not going to win this many points, but the food and service is awesome.  The beef salad has just the right amount of kick to it and is very fresh with basil and cilantro.  The green curry blows Rice Thai's out of the park. The amount of food you receive here for the money is super - had leftovers for at least another meal. The server had some excellent recommendations and catered to what we wanted to taste.  I really recommend giving this place a try - delicious food.
First of all it's loud in there, they could really benefit from better acoustics ( and decor). As for the food I'm not sure if it was just the particular dishes we ordered but we were slightly disappointed. The pineapple fried rice was not what we expected: bright orange-red and with a musky flavor we found odd. The kee Mao tofu had a great flavor but was just a pile of tofu blocks over juice, no vegetables at all. The crispy taro rolls were dry, bland and small. Even though we weren't impressed we may give them another shot based on the kee Mao and friendly service.
Came back for lunch today, and I was glad to see that it was pretty full (it tends to be quieter at night). Service was friendly and quick, as usual, which is key for lunch time.  During lunch, they also give you a complimentary tomato based vegetable soup while you wait for food.  On the lunch menu, I found a typical vermicelli bowl, but they're the ONLY place I know that actually uses boneless skinless barbecue chicken breast in the vermicelli bowl.  The chicken was moist and had lots of flavor and was totally what I was looking for. I forgot how good the indochine noodles are.  I don't particularly like pad see-ew, but these noodles are slightly sweet and have a nice bite to them, and the chicken in the dish is so good. In the end, they brought a cute little chocolate mousse cake as a free dessert. I'll definitely be back for lunch again.
Indochine is a Thai/Vietnamese, more directed towards an American customer base, and the owners are... Read more 
I wouldn't say the food is good or bad but mediocre. It's a place that's good for a quick lunch/dinner and when you're in the mood for Thai/Vietnamese. They make their food FREAKISHLY fast! Not sure if it's a good thing or bad thing, but I was pleased to not have to wait long to get some food since I was VERY hungry and pregnant! I ordered the Green Curry with Chicken and it was spicy. I swear there was a least 2 whole jalapeno peppers in there. They have an ok soup they serve with their lunch special and the fresh roll they give you is literally only two bites. However, I love the brown rice they serve (and the fact that they even have it). So all in all, a decent place but it won't knock your socks off - well maybe...since the food is so spicy!
I love this place.  A family run neighborhood restaurant serving Vietnamese / Thai fusion cuisine. They make accommodations to the menu when requested, provide friendly service, excellent food, and sometimes offer tasty homemade ice cream on the house when they are experimenting with new flavors. Try their silver noodle salad, the yellow curry, the tofu with chili and garlic, and any appetizer. Really, I love this place.
I got takeout from this place because I was craving some Thai food and my former go to place (Siam Cuisine) shut down a few months back. I adored Siam so finding a place on the mid-peninsula that topped them was a difficult task. I found Indochine on Yelp and I assumed that they were pretty good since they had 4 stars and a decent number of reviews but boy was that wrong. I ordered the tofu kee mao and the fresh salad rolls. When I got home, I noticed that the rice for the tofu was missing. Maybe I was supposed to order it separately? If I was, I feel that they really should have let me know on the phone instead of having to learn by trial. Instead, I received a giant pile of tofu with limited vegetables and a pretty flavorless sauce. Great. The salad rolls were alright, but they're pretty hard to mess up. The peanut sauce wasn't exceptional or anything. It was mixed with sambal olek I believe, so that's really all I could taste. Anyway, maybe I just had an off experience or maybe they're under new ownership or something. I don't know what it is, but the food is medicore at best.
This place is amazing. We just discovered it last week. On a Sunday night we wanted to have a take-out dinner, so we decided to try this restaurant that is so close to our house. The menu is big, and everything sounds really good. While we were waiting the owner started talking to us. Such a nice fellow! He told us some interesting stories and gave us Stanford discount (we are students there). Then he just poured us delicious thai iced-tea. Fore free, just to try. But the most important part - the food was delicious! Really-really good, and the portions are HUGE. I recommend everyone to try this place, and we will be coming back there for sure.
Came here for lunch on a Monday. It was not too busy and not too slow, a good sign. In a nutshell, good service and great food. I ordered: 1) Fresh Spring Rolls; really good, super fresh as described and comes with a very tasty peanut dipping sauce. 2) Pad Thai; delicious... one of the best I have had and I have tried a ton. 3) Red Curry Beef; also delicious. Meat was tender, sauce was perfect with a nice hint of spiciness too. I will definitely come back again!
Came back last night for dinner and had a much better experience than my first (not that it was bad the first time, just nothing too memorable). I really liked the spicy panang fish (perfect amount of heat) and the pad thai (there's something on it that makes it a little different than other places, like a sweetness I think?). Service is great and fast, and I was just disappointed that we didn't get a complimentary cake this time ;)
Massamun curry (beef & potatoes) was hearty and filling. Good for a cold winter day. I like that... Read more 
I recently had a pleasant, low-key dinner here and thought the place was solid, both in terms of food and atmosphere.  The dishes were good-sized and very well spiced.  For example, the green chicken curry had a goodly amount of heat and didn't taste sweet at all but for the red and green peppers diced up in it (those were deliciously crisp and sweet).  I also had a pan-fried tofu dish that wasn't quite what I was expecting, but was tasty nonetheless.  The fresh spring rolls (with rice paper, not fried) were fine, as was the peanut dipping sauce on the side. Easygoing and friendly, the servers really made the meal enjoyable.  The dining room is pretty small and if you sit near the back you can hear the servers chatting in Chinese on the telephone and in the kitchen.  The tiny strip mall in which Indochine is located has pretty terrible parking.  Perhaps there's more in the back, but the night was dark and rainy when I went, so I didn't get a chance to do any exploring! I'd say this is more of a take-away place (and by the brisk takeout business they were doing, they know it too), and I'll definitely return for some of that spicy curry!
WOW! this place has the absolute best thai food I have ever tasted!!! My favorite dishes are: Indochine Noodles, Eggplant basil chicken (Amaaazing!), green curry chicken, shaking beef (melt in your mouth pieces of filet). and the waiters are soooo friendly and helpful!
This place was really mediocre. I didn't like anything.
Indochine is an intimate neighborhood restaurant that we could all learn to appreciate. Just to be clear, it's Thai & Vietnamese FUSION restaurant that also serves Chinese dishes. Therefore, one shouldn't come here expecting truly authentic Thai or Vietnamese (or any single) cuisine. That doesn't mean we don't like this place, though. We enjoyed most of our food, including the claypot chicken, which was more like a Chinese dish, and the basil chicken. The Thai curry and the chinese broccoli & tofu were both alright. But I wasn't impressed with the som tum; it could've been more flavorful. In short, this place serves decent "Asian" food. The restaurant is beautifully decorated, and the service is quite friendly. The owner of the restaurant greeted us at the end, proudly introducing his homemade, WINE-infused ice cream. It was sinfully delicious! SUM: I'm usually never a fan of a place that serves PHO, CHOW MEIN and PAD THAI under one roof...but Indochine seems to somehow do this right.
Not a bad choice for Thai or Vietnamese food, if you're in the area. Here's the breakdown: SETTING: Clean, simple space with tasteful Asian decor that's easy on the eyes. STAFF: Very friendly on both visits MENU: Half Thai and half Vietnamese. But splitting the menu in two also reduces the choices on each side (e.g. there are no Thai noodle dishes) On both my lunch visits I was craving something healthy, with plenty of veggies.  But the limited menu was a bit of a disappointment - The green curry ($7.95) was all I could see that sounded appealing. And both times it was good, with a large portion and plenty of heat. My only nit was the sauce was a bit thin. One dish; Two visits; Three stars
3.6 Stars I think this place is cute, small place, good ambiance, really nice owner, they just need to hire more wait staff or at least staff that knows how to actually wait tables. The owner's great, he just can't do everything by himself. The person who was either busing tables or filling up water cups, completely ignored the table across from us who wanted their check -- although they had piles of empty and half eaten plates and sat there with annoyed faces for way too long while he filled up their waters but didn't actually offer any service. Then it took about 20 minutes for their food to be boxed up. It was sitting in the back for 18 minutes. We were there long enough to notice everything. I am complaining for the other table because we watched them for so long and felt so bad. The Pineapple Fried Rice was pretty good, the Yellow Chicken Curry was okay, I thought it was bland, but my sister really liked it because sometimes things are too spicy for her to eat otherwise. I don't know that I would go back, unless my Sister wanted me to. I might go back and try some of the recommended dishes according to the previous positive reviews though. If I do go back, I have to try the desserts or at least the Mango Sticky Rice.
Hubs and I order from Indochine pretty frequently, as it is within walking distance of our apartment. I have to say, even though the food is pretty great, the best thing about this place is the people who work there.  Not only do they provide excellent service (our order is ALWAYS right), but they are extremely friendly and know their menu well.  It's truly one of those places where you can absolutely trust the recommendations made by the waitstaff. Dishes we have tried and enjoyed: shrimp curry, shaking beef (OH EM GEE good), lemongrass clay pot shrimp, & demon wings.
When we don't feel eating out but have cravings for thai/chinese food we call up Indo Chine. I like their pad thai  than their other dishes. Its okay and very close to my in laws!  Meaning we can call and food will be ready fast! We only order for convenience, but its definitely not our top 5 choices!:) Tried many times this restaurant, its consistent....
I think this place is pretty good. Its nice to be able to walk there. I really like their pad thai,... Read more 
Papaya Salad with Shrimp ($7.95)-- good, does great when you want something fresh and healthy. Iced Vietnamese Coffee ($3)- good but not as good as Lee's. Taste like it was made with lowfat milk instead of condensed milk like it should be traditionally. Iced Thai Tea ($3)- Too sweet for me, but the bf loooooves it. Roast duck curry- was very tasty, but it had very little duck meat, most of it was skin and fat. Beef PraRam (beef and eggplant curry)-- was a bit bland, the beef was way overcooked and tough, but again, my bf who is less picky than I am liked this dish alot. House Noodles (with egg and chinese broccoli)- was good, though I've had a much better version at Krung Thai.  But if you're not comparing, this dish is definitely a tasty one to try. All in all, decent food, decent prices!! Dishes I still want to try: Pad Thai Beef Salad Saigon Salad Chicken Salad Thai Chicken Soup
I had lunch twice at this restaurant and both times I loved my food. I tried sweet basil chicken and pad thai. The second one was specially delicious . My husband also liked his dishes a lot. The food was fresh, tasty and the service was very friendly. The little chocolate cake is included in lunch. Very nice detail. I went  there with my 3yo daughter and she got her soup for free. Besides that, you can't beat $7.95 price tag for lunch. I will be going there more often.
So I decided to check this place out because its close to my house and I got a coupon in the mailer for half off a second entree. After reading the reviews, I wasn't expecting an amazing Thai place, but I was optimistic because sometimes its better to taste for yourself. I called in a takeout order: spring rolls, red curry chicken, and chicken and vegetables. The spring rolls were excellent on the inside, with large amount of shrimp and fresh mint and veggies. However, the rice paper was either too thick or just too chewy. But the dipping sauce made up for it, it was a mixture of yummy thick peanut sauce and a little hot sauce to spice things up. Next, the red curry was ABSOLUTELY delicious. It was a perfect degree of spicy for me, just enough to see a lil perspiration.  Thick sauce and very flavorful! The chicken and vegetables were a simple dish that tasted pretty good. A little on the oily side, but still tasted great, not bad. Both lunch dishes came with rice, 2 mini spring rolls, and a little salad with a vinegar-chili dressing, which was a bit spicy. The guy working when I picked up the food was very nice and shared stories about the restaurant. Apparently they just changed cooking staff who have a lot of Chinese experience and are considering adding Chinese items to the menu. I suggest you check this place out and you might find a hidden gem in your neighborhood:)
Lunch review. The first thing I noticed when we walked in is the bare walls, ceiling, and floor and it was LOUD!  Lunch conversation went something like this: "Anything on the menu look especially good to you?" "Huh? "WHAT LOOKS GOOD TO YOU?" "HUH?" I had the chicken basil lunch special.  The soup was rather bland but the chicken was very tasty.  Lunches also come with spring rolls which were also quite good.  Another person ordered the red beef curry which he said was terrific.  I tasted the sauce and agree, it was quite good.  Out group has two vegans.  One got an eggplant special that looked especially good and the other just ordered a vegetarian fried rice.  The lunch special prices are competitive with other similar places in this area and the food is excellent. Note to owner:  Please consider investing in carpet, wall hangings, and acoustic ceiling treatment. Note to prospective customers:  Learn to lip read.
Checked out the lunch offering.  All lunch combos are 7.95 plus tax and include a small bowl of soup and a spring roll cut in two halves. Soup today was a veggie broth, with tomato being the main flavor, that contained celery, cabbage and few other veggies.  It was rather mild and not anything to get too excited about. Spring roll was fair enough and came with some decent peanut sauce. I went for the red curry beef.  For whatever reason, they offer yellow and green curry with chicken and the red curry only with beef. Curry sauce had good consistency and flavor but was very mild.  After a good teaspoon of chili sauce, which I had to go round up myself as each table is not supplied, the flavor was much improved. They have 11 tables.  Occupancy ranged from 4-7 of those while I was there, which is not bad considering there was a backhoe hammering up the street corner the whole time.
sometimes you're desperate and out of time, and will check out whatever is closest at the time, but that doesn't usually work out so well.  got a chicken pad thai and it was a huge mass of orange-tinged noodles, stir-fried mundane chicken, and little bit of tofu/onion/parsley/etc without great flavor.  thai town where are you.
Been here about 6 times. Green chicken curry is really good but not spicy enough. Wonderful service from kind owners and cozy atmosphere make this place a winner!
Our family has enjoyed weekend dinners at Indochine many times. It is a small friendly neighborhood restaurant. The server who often takes care of us remembers us and what we frequently order. The food is tasty and the portions are a good size - not too small, not ridiculously large. The service is prompt and polite. It can be a little noisy if it's crowded, but not unbearably. I hope Indochine is around for many years.
This placed replaced Mint Leaf which was a disaster, rude service and high prices. Indochine is the opposite. However, I am giving this 3 starts because the last time I ordered Indochine fried rice, it was tasteless and I just ordered one again (asked for it to be spiced up a bit), it taste great but it has plenty of eggshells in it!!!! I called and they said next time to inform them and they can "give" me something in return. I'll try one more time and see what they do. Also I think the price range posted is incorrect, this was reasonably priced for sure Oh they do not take credit cards for orders less than $15.
Went today for lunch.  They have a nice choice of lunch options for $7.95.  Included soup, spring roll, rice and entree, and a little piece of chocolate cake.  Good portion size and pretty tasty.  Service was very good.  Think it makes a nice lunch spot. My dining partner had the green curry again.  They don't ask how spicy you want it and it was definitely on the spicy side but pretty tasty.  I had the sweet basil chicken which was quite good.
Well, we did not have a good first experience here.  We ordered takeout which went smoothly.  I... Read more 
Ok, so first I should say that I am not really into the whole Thai food thing. Sure, it's good, but there are so many Thai restaurants and a lot of them are mediocre at best (Castro Street in Mountain View). This place was okay. The food wasn't super great, but the service was attentive and very nice. I would go here again for lunch since the portions are large for a good price, even if the food itself wasn't all that great.
Average Thai food in every way. The appetizers were great, the entrees were average. The service was average, the menu selection was average, even the ice tea was average. Which was fine, actually, for the average business lunch I was having here. Indochine is a perfectly innocuous, reliable place, in a quiet, modest, part of Palo Alto where you can probably take good company to have quiet, interesting conversations. But don't expect much else from the place. It was so average, I can't even write about it in this review in a more-than-average way.
I also recommend coming here for lunch because it's just such a great deal and includes the entree, soup and a spring roll.  You can pre-order and get it to go. I've had several of their dishes, and all of them are tasty.  They tend to run a little spicy for me, but not overly so.
This place is great for a lunch. Much  better than any of the downtown places. Their lunch specials include veggie spring rolls (the freshly rolled ones, not the fried) Their meats do have a frozen taste - especially their curries. What I did like, was their stir-fry dishes - eggplant chicken is very good, with a light basil sauce. I'd recommend their stir-fry dishes with vegetables.The yellow curry was not that good. Overall,. their sauces are good. I wish they'd use better quality meats though.
Great service, varied menu, and reasonably priced.  We had the spring rolls, chicken lemon grass clay pot and the Prawn curry dish - they all had fresh ingredients, plenty of veggies, and a nicely balanced combination of flavors. It wasn't crowded at all for a Friday night and the service was attentive and friendly.  My hot tea was refilled about 3 times! *****edited down to 3 stars on 6/3/08 ... we went back and ordered almost the same thing but we tried the thai basil chicken instead of the prawns. Something was different than last time...  The fresh spring rolls were still quite good - lots of fresh mint, and 3 prawns in each one.  The wrap was a bit chewy but didn't distract too much.  The clay pot hardly had any veggies but was a generous portion for $9.  The Thai Basil didn't have enough basil for my taste and too many bamboo shoots.  The service was still attentive and the teas was refilled as before!  :) After we left, the boyfriend and I both just shrugged - eh, not worth going back to but not worth really complaining about either.   Too bad, it's a cute spot without the crowds.
I came here for the first time on friday right before they closed to set up for dinner after picking up my boyfriends tips at the starbucks across the street. The place was pretty vacant which meant speedy service. Now that I think back, I'm hella surprised they even let us in since they were getting ready to eat themselves before the dinner crowd. My boyfriend got the red curry lunch plate, and I got the yellow curry. Both were extremely delicious, but I have to say mine was better ;) All in all it was $17 and some change w/o tip. Anyway nice staff, great food, and damned good price. I haven't been there enough times to say its consistant, but it deserves a solid 4 stars. Can't wait to go back
Officially my new Number One lunch spot! This place is all about the lunch specials. Get it and be prepared to have enough food for two (or even three) full meals! The portions are generous and include salad/soup and spring rolls. When they pack up your leftovers, they always include an extra bowl of rice so that you have plenty to eat later. And if you are ordering take-out, they will also include extra rice for you for FREE if you ask. Hello, dinner :). Right now I am absolutely addicted to the green curry chicken and go back weekly to get my fix. Love the burning sensation YUM-O. This new fav is here to stay.
I don't understand how this place can rate at 3.5 stars, so I'm giving it a 1 to drag down the average. Ordered fresh spring rolls, fried spring roles, pad thai, green curry, and chicken wings. Ok, so its relatively cheap at $50, but taste was less than average. - The vemicili in the fresh spring roll lacked chewiness, through the prawn was fresh. - Fried spring roll was ok, but a bit too greasy for my tastes. - Pad Thai was a big disappointment - again the noodles lacked the chewy texture associated with freshness. - Green Curry was biggest disappointment. No flavour, just hot peppery taste. Its like pepper and hot water! - Chicken wing marinade was nice, but giant fatty wings reminiscent of fast food. I'm from the orient, so maybe the taste has been too westernized for me, but I also like western food - so I simply think this is just poor food. Better taste for better value elsewhere. Thumbs down I'm afraid.
First time here - had a Basil Chicken dish for lunch. I can say that the food was pretty good - but nothing exciting. I would come back here again if I happen to be in the area.
Cheap food, nice environment and good taste
Ups - Tasty food. - Fast service during lunch. - Good place if you're vegan. - Clean. Downs - Asked for tofu in my Tom Kha, didn't get any. - Asked for coconut milk in my Thai Ice Tea, didn't get any. - Didn't get the correct split in our change back. - Small portions of food for the price. Nice place if you're jiving Thai, but am not planning to go there more then maybe once every two to three weeks. UPDATE: Went a 2nd time, great service, they were able to fulfill my full order down to the letter. I asked for some extra rice to take back with my with my left overs. The owner was more then happy to oblige, free of charge. Will go back again.
I came here for the first time today.  We came for lunch at around 11:45, and we were the only ones there.  Service was overall attentive enough.  They gave us only 5 glasses of water when we had 6, but it was easy enough to get their attention for another glass. One of my companions' coworker comes here a lot and has her own special named after her.  Its called the Masayo special, and its like a stir fry of eggplant, chicken and garlic.  4 out of 6 of us got it and asked for it to be very spicy.  They all enjoyed it and the staff even brought out extra chili sauces for us to use. I personally got the yellow curry chicken.  The portions are pretty generous and lunch comes with a salad and 2 vegetarian spring rolls.  All of it was pretty good.  The curry wasn't as spicy as I like it, but yellow curry is usually pretty mild.  I put hella chilis in it until it was hot enough and it was quite tasty. I really liked that they gave extra chili sauces and the portions are very fair for the $7.95 price lunch special price.  It did start to get a little busier when we left at 12:30, but wasn't full.  My friend told me it gets more crowded on Fridays.  I would come here again and try their  other dishes or pho.  The idea of vietnamese, thai, and chinese food all in one spot intrigues me.
I discovered Indochine about 4 years ago since I literally work right down the street. I think its great Thai cuisine. My office staff loves it & every Friday my friend Alyssa & I go there. Dennis the waiter is great. He always hooks us up VIP style & more a less knows what our order is & how we like it. Cant go wronge with Pad Thai Prawns or the lunch special Red Curry Beef. We always order extra spicy & its always on point!!!
Best curry we have had in a very long time! Thai food in Palo Alto is generally terrible, but this place was great. Highly recommend the green curry chicken. Pretty spicy, but not at all too spicy. We were practically licking the bowl. Very friendly service. Had a great neighborhood restaurant kind of feel. Very high quality food with great flavors. Will definitely be back!
We've been here a few times and have always been happy with the food and the service. We came last night with a friend from out of town who wanted Thai food. We had spring rolls, papaya salad, beef fried rice, and chicken with basil and eggplant.  Everything tasted very fresh, and the fried rice and chicken easily had enough food for 2 meals. Our water glasses were refilled often, and even though we were the last customers in the restaurant, they never made us feel rushed to leave.
I come here often with a group of friends. The food is very great and Bill is my favorite waiter there. The eggplant and the okra dishes are great. I just wish they had a slightly larger vegetarian selection.
This review is long overdue. When my fiance and I lived in Palo Alto, we came here weekly. The food is delicious and the service wonderful. My fiance loves his food extra spicy, and they always remember him and bring him, without him asking, some sort of garlic/jalapeno sauce thing that they make fresh for him. We recently took a party of eight, including kids, to eat here, and the server warned us that we may have ordered too much food. But everything was so delicious that we ate everything! Even the staff was impressed. Oh yea -- and we drove for 40 minutes in pouring rain to get there. It was well worth the trip! Some of my favorite dishes are the honeyglazed pork ribs, the masuman beef, and the pad thai, but really, everything is delicious.
My wife and I go here often. The food is excellent. They even make their own ice cream. I like the Seafood soup with coconut milk and many of the curry dishes. The staff is very friendly. My wife has a business in the midtown area, and always brings her clients to this restaurant. If it was my restaurant, I would probably add some sort of wind screen by the front door and some rugs to dampen the noise level, but, overall it is great!!!
i met my sister here for a great dinner last summer. i remember the place being extra special and good.
Indochine has the best Pad Thai I have ever eaten.  Highly recommend Indochine for its high quality food and service.
Recently, the yellow curry chicken here was a huge disappointment.  The problem was the sauce - very very very runny.  The taste was okay but the sauce killed the dish.  Better luck next time?
Surprisingly reasonably priced, yummy Thai food in Palo Alto.  Service is extremely attentive -... Read more 
I live across the street from this place and frequent the other restaurants in the Midtown area. I just tried this place for the first time this week for take out and was very pleased with the food and friendly service when picking up. The pad thai was really good, reminded me of pad thai from a place back home.
Thai food in Palo Alto is almost uniformly awful. Indochine and Lotus Thai Bistro (on California Ave.) are the two exceptions to this rule. Lotus Thai Bistro won me over with its spice, but Indochine wins for atmosphere and for depth of flavor. I have really enjoyed all of the curries I have had here. I often go with a friend who lives for pad thai, and she thinks Indochine's is the best in town. Where Lotus Thai is nicer for take-out, Indochine has a nice quiet dining area (and easy, convenient parking!), and the waiters are happy to let you linger. It is a great place to have an inexpensive dinner and catch up with friends.
I ordered takeout from this restaurant and the ordering experience was pleasantly easy (employee could speak English) However, when my bf got home with the food, we both found the Pad Thai to be too bland (him) and too spicy (me). I didn't get as many shrimp as I usually did at other places and my bf didn't get much chicken. Skip this place!
New Thai and VIetnamese restraurant in midtown Palo Alto.  Replaced the Mint Leaf which was overpriced with terrible service.  They've addressed both issues - service is great, prices are reasonable, with a nice selection of both Thai and Vietnamese dishes.
Some of the nicest people work here. They are so polite, attentive and nice. I had the Thai food and it was average. The lunch combo comes with fresh spring rolls, soup and rice.  Parking is a hassle but tip for you...it is ok to park in the spots that are reserved for other shops in the mall.
This is a lovely casual local restaurant that is friendly and serves tasty, wholesome dishes.  The staff is very considerate and they have always meticulously addressed any special requests (such as making sure there are no peanuts in the dishes we order, since my husband is allergic to them).  They also remember my children and treat them as valued customers (and give them treats, which makes my kids anticipate any trip to Indochine with delirious happiness). We particularly like the duck curry and the seafood soup with coconut milk.  The owner of restaurant also makes great coconut ice cream, which my kids love.  I saw a past review saying something about the previous restaurant in this spot not being kid-friendly, so I thought I should add this review, since Indochine is definitely kid-friendly!  I think we're lucky to have this place in Midtown.
I was introduced to this place by co-workers and it is a GREAT place for lunch. They give you a free cup of vegetable soup when you come in that's pretty tasty. The lunch menu is great and everything is reasonably priced. Entrees are great size portions. I love their yellow chicken curry! Don't remember what everyone else got, but it looked just as good. The staff here is also very friendly. Recommended place for lunch if you work in the area!
not bad! it's hard to find good entrees for around 10 bucks in palo alto. i had a bunch of "thai styled" dishes. all the dishes were flavorful with a little bit of a spicy kick. the rama tofu (eggplant and tofu in green curry) is really good. my mother was eyeing our neighbor's calamari salad - must try that next time.
Nice and quiet location for a surprisingly splendid restaurant.  The cuisine is Thai and Vietnamese, with very affordable prices.  So far I've only had the duck curry, but it was fantastic: duck (obviously) with pineapple, tomatoes, raisins, peas and basil in red coconut curry.  The chef even made it more spicy on request.  The thai iced tea (one of my personal favs) is creamy and delicious.  I'm definitely coming back here.
My wife has become the biggest fan of Thai food, so on the way back home today we decided to give Indochine a try and we were not disappointed. The attention was great. The food was very good too. The portions were very generous, so much so that we have enough left for tomorrow's dinner. Highly recommendable easy-to-miss spot in Middlefield, Palo Alto.
I went here for lunch today, and I must say it was very tasty! Not only did they have good portions but the waiter was very attentive. Its located in a hidden area and its easy to pass this place by unless you were looking for it. The place is pretty quiet even for lunch time, but then again we came sorta early to beat the lunch hour rush of Middlefield road. Their lunch menu is pretty good, can't beat 7.95 for a rice place!
Back in the day, I used to work in the Midtown shopping center running an educational center.  Mint Leaf was always our weekly lunch treat.  Almost every Friday, we would head over there and splurge on their amazing Thai food.  One thing that stands out about this place is how each dish had its own unique flavors and they all  tasted fresh.  Every meal was a delight and I look forward to returning when I am in the Palo Alto area.  Don't forget about this great little find ... venture outside of downtown and head down Middlefield for a great meal.
Good Thai, Yellow curry had very good flavor, careful when ordering Thai hot, hotter than normal lol
I'm not sure how this place survives, it's been pretty empty the two times I was here. Probably because it's in kind of a removed location. It deserves more traffic. The Pra Ram Beef, if I recall correctly, was quite good entirely because of the sauce. The beef in it was actually a bit tough.
Indochine is a small restaurant.  One would completely miss it while driving on Middlefield Road if one was not searching for it.  But when you step inside the restaurant, you get a feel of a very nice restaurant without paying for the "nice" dining price. The ingredients used in their food are fresh.  The flavors are nicely balanced.  The amount of time that it takes for the food to get prepared is not too long. The customer service is excellent.  The waiters are very attentive.  While dining there all three times, I noticed the owner acknowledge his regular customers and conversed with them.
My favorite fusion place. What I really like about this is the friendliness of the staff and how welcoming they are. I usually show up with my 5 year old in tow and they never blink an eye, always helpful friendly and personable. The food is good - not as spicy as I like, but then they know that and give me extra spice on the side! Can you tell I am a regular. The portions are large and I always have food left over for another day. It is also my 5 year old's favorite "Tai" restaurant. The other day I went there and added an order of shrimp rolls at the end (to go). They forgot to charge me and when I pointed it out they were like its on the house. Now tell me how many places are that nice!
Great little neighborhood restaurant. I would say that they do a good job of mixing Thai, Vietnamese and western flavors in their dishes. It is a good spot for lunch and dinner. Parking is bit of a hassle during lunch. I would carpool with co workers if you end up going to eat here. You are bound to circle the block anyways, so might as well do it in one car.
Probably a bit higher than 3-stars, but I can't in good conscience give it 4.  Solid Thai and Vietnamese food with friendly service.  I've dined here three times, sampled a variety of dishes, and can't report being knocked out enough by anything worth noting here.  Very nice atmosphere.
It was recommended by one of our friends to try this restaurant. Tried the Pad Thai and I have to say that this is by far the most bland tasting Pad Thai I had ever tried. We also ordered the Basil Beef and Eggplant w/ chicken. They almost taste the same except the beef had bamboo shoots  added. Still bland. I am a Thai food enthusiast and I've been through alot of Thai restaurant and this is by far the worst one I've had.  Good side to it is that they had an excellent waiter. Thanks Dennis!
Surprisingly delightful Indochinese dishes of questionable authenticity.
i'm sad that everytime i come here, it's practically empty. maybe everyone does take-out like we do. pad thai, chinese broccoli w/ tofu, devil wings, yellow curry.... my personal favorites. check it out... the times i've dined there, i've always enjoyed the atmosphere and the service was great.
A neighborhood gem! Relaxed vibe. Friendly service. Excellent curries - the "party in your mouth" variety.  I really like the balance of flavors in the "Beef Pra Ram".
Never been here, but it wouldn't let me submit the business without rating it, for some reason... I'll edit this if/when I try out the restaurant
Had lunch with a friend here. We were looking for a new spot to hit up in PA, so I read up on Yelp and we decided to try it out. The pics are a little deceiving. The place is somewhat of a hole in the wall and slightly off the beaten path from the usual places we have one to off University or El Camino. We were expecting a wait, but surprisingly when we got there, only 3 tables were occupied. We were quickly seated and ordered from their lunch menu. I decided to try their chicken over Vermicelli and my friend got the sweet basil chicken over rice. Since this was a thai/viet place, we thought we'd order 1 of each cuisine to gauge the rest of their food. To our disappointment, the chicken on both dishes was kinda dry.  My vermicelli noodles were soggy and stuck together, which made it difficult to eat. I'm so used to the SJ Pho spots where the vermicelli dishes are authentic and the noodles cooked to perfection, but this was not great. Her sweet basil chicken was a little better. Nothing to boast about for sure though. Service was good but parking can be tricky since the parking lot is small and confusing. Most likely we won't be back here. Back to good ole University Ave!
asian fusion restaurant...i love asian fusion but this place just didn't quite cut it for me. the flavors were muddled to the point where i wasn't quite sure what i was eating anymore. .: chicken satay. served with shrimp chips and a peanut butter-like sauce that wasn't quite thai...and not quite straight ground up peanuts. it just lacked depth of flavor in general. the chicken itself was dry and quite oily. .: demon wings. covered with fresh peppers, but none of the seasoning really transferred to the wings themselves. .: duck red curry. the flavors were just a little off. they served it on a super wide bowl as well, so the curry got cold really fast :( .: ginger chicken (with a variety of stir fried veg). lots of color in the dish, it went well with plain white rice. .: chili eggplant. yum. this was probably my favorite dish. seasoned well, cooked until tender, i love eggplant! i only assume he was the owner, but he came by our table twice to check up on us. the waiters were super attentive and kept filling up water for us (almost unnecessarily). but great service just can't save mediocre food.
this place has pretty decent Thai food, their pad thai is good and their curry is awesome.  One time we had a beef green curry with egg plant, it was very flavorful and delicious!  I would order beef curry instead of chicken curry though because their chicken is not very tender.  Dessert - you should not leave the restaurant without trying their vietnamese coffee ice cream or the Thai tea ice cream, very delicious and unique!  It's a nice little Thai place and the price is affordable.  They even have lunch specials.
Every dish we tried was pretty good. Nothing overly amazing, but no complaints either. The coconut chicken soup was good, as well as the red duck curry and pineapple fried rice. Overall, I'd come again when I want to avoid downtown.
One more good Thai Restaurant. I was there for a lunch today and it is crowded. It almost took 40 mins for us to get the order on the table. After having my first spoon of curry I forgot the time they took to bring the order. They are yummy and delicious. I ordered Rama Tofu a spicy dish and the portion of the food is heavy for lunch. Will visit again for sure.
I came in and had the lunch special. I thought it was a decent value and decent food. I was not blown away however. Overall, solid.
Go here if not for anything else to try the Demon Wings.  Make sure you ask for extra demon if you really like spicy chicken wings.  The rest of the thai food is normal.
After being back a few times for lunch and dinners, I've decided to give them another star because of service and portion size.  They're also nice and accommodating to my toddler.  Out of town guests I bring here love this place.  Lunch is a good value, though the offerings at dinner seem much tastier.  They still need ambient music though-- I see speakers, but where's the music???
I'm Asian.  This place is like eating at home, without having to cook.  They don't use MSG, they're... Read more 
The service here was really really good very hospitable. The food was pretty average and the prices were on kinda the higher side but what do you expect in Palo Alto right?  I pass by here pretty much every day but I've only gone once so it didn't leave the most lasting impression. The food was a bit spicy for my taste even though I indicated "least spicy", but perhaps for some that would be good.
The service is really awesome. Very friendly and hospitable waiters. The food is great. Very different than your typical Thai/Vietnamese restaurants.
Nice place in midtown for lunch. The lunch special is a good deal, add that to a coupon and we've got a nice meal. The food is a-ok to good. It's the atmosphere and other stuff that makes it nice. Would go again - the food's good, but not stellar.
The place was better than I expected.  I met a friend here for dinner last night & we ordered spring rolls for appetizers, pad thai & pineapple fried rice.  The pad thai was decent but the pineapple fried rice tasted great!  They close at 9PM yet they were nice enough to NOT kick us out since we sat there 'til after 9 (us girls catching up...hehehe...).
Not bad, not great either. Wanted to try something closer than downtown Palo Alto so we stopped here. Food was reasonable but $35 w/ tip for 2 people in Midtown given the "ambiance" is kind of pricey.
I have now been twice for lunch and twice for dinner and plan to return again at least once a week or so because each time I have come to this restaurant I have been very impressed by first - the service and next by the food. The interior itself is nothing to write home about - certainly nice enough for the  strip mall location but nothing special - just simple, plain and clean, nothing more.... But when the folks serving you are so nice, welcoming and helpful the light fixtures are not something you worry too much about. When the food arrives the wonderful smells alone hit the senses and you know you will enjoy the meal. So, let me see - what to choose.....? Who cares! Every is good - ok, to be fair I haven't actually tasted everything on the menu - but in for visits I have been able to taste two appetizers, on salad, one salad and ten main course dishes (not to mention the Thai Iced tea and the warm wheat tea) - and with every dish tasted I kept thinking; "I live five minutes from this place, why did it take so long for me to try it?" My favorite dish probably is the Basil Chicken, but the Shaken Beef is also very very tasty as is the Indochine Noodles and the green curry chicken. each other thing I tried was also tasty and I still have things on the menu I want to order. So, here I am raving about this place = when the fact is I'd bee very sad if it got too over crowded - at the moment the place each time I've been has been busy enough, but not overly so and I've always been able to get a table right away without a wait. It is one of those "little-secret" kinda places. But the fact is I think anyone on the lookout for a tasty, not too known, uncrowded place need look not much further than "Indochine"
This is by far my favorite fusion restaurant on the peninsula. The Pad Thai (my favorite) is amazing, intensely spicy with several flavors hitting your pallet all at once.  I will warn you the special hot sauce is intense but so worth the runny nose and perspiration. I have ate at this place many times and have never been disappointed with anything off the menu. Even the ice cream is unique! Try the Merlot ice cream, that's right, ice cream made with wine!
Overall, very good service and delicious food. We went here for dinner and ordered Green chicken curry, Eggplant Khee Mao with chicken and Indochine Chef's Noodles. All three dishes were very tasty. My favorite was the Green curry chicken. The portions are very large too.
Good service. I had the Green Curry Chicken for lunch. Tasty cheap ($8 for small salad, chicken curry, rice, spring rolls, and desert) food.
There is an embarrassing paucity of good Thai food in this general area. While I can't say this is the absolute pinnacle of fabulous Thai food, it really is very good and far and away the best for many miles that I've found. The spice level is not all that high--the 4-pepper top rating on the menu only provoked mild sweating--the flavors are really excellent and more subtle than most other Thai restaurants nearby. The flavors are free of overly pasty curry and excessive sweetness--they are light and very flavorful.  Ingredients appear to be uniformly super fresh and very high quality which, if you are familiar with most of the other Thai restaurants around, is quite a change. The papaya salad is excellent; seafood dishes have all been great; Shaken Beef is one of the best around. Almost everything on the menu (and we have tried a lot) is a pleasant surprise and sometimes well beyond. The only issues we have run across are occasionally inconsistent food (a Monday dinner once was entirely out of character) and slow service if very crowded. A hidden gem in Midtown Palo Alto for sure.
I've eaten an Indochine at least 10 times since they opened and gotten take out almost as many times. Service in the restaurant is unfortunately mediocre. If your a friend or a regular you will get better service than people they don't see as frequently. But the food is pretty good, which is why we go back. And it's within walking distance, another big plus.  So give it a try and see how it goes.
I agree with most of you.  This is one of the best Thai places in the area.  Excellent service, extremely vegetarian friendly....they will make adjustments to there menu items to make them vegetarian.  Price is on par with most Thai places in the Bay Area.  Extensive menu.
Indochine is participating in the 1st Annual Bay Area Dine Out for Meals on Wheels on Nov 9, 2010. Thank -you for helping to fight hunger and loneliness among thousands of seniors in Santa Clara County.
Here is what I like about this place: It's really clean - if you pay attention, most of the restaurants in the south bay are kinda gross. The food is awesome - very creative dishes, a wide variety and the flavors are great. Good value - For the price you pay and the portion size that you get, this place is a great value for it's location. Great service - what can I say, the service is great. It is hard to find a restaurant in Palo Alto where you great service, food, and value but this place manages to pull it all together, and it's clean!
I love bringing friends to this place.  I find the waiters genuinely nice.  The food is excellent and always fresh.  I'm a big fan of their vermicelli with prawns.  Sometimes I substitute with braised tofu.  They are very accommodating, especially because I go there so often!  Prices are reasonable, which is essential for me.  This is my first yelp post, and Indochine  is the first place I thought of to rate.
Thought their yellow chicken curry and green chicken curry were both excellent.  Tasted and appeared freshly cooked, with plenty of flavor.  Friendly wait staff and very reasonably priced.  Would definitely go back anytime.
Finally a Thai place with high quality meats, clean and friendly service, and a great selection of Thai and other asian classics.  Consistently, with every visit, our chicken dishes, most notably the curries, always have generous helpings of juicy, white chicken breast.  The yellow and musaman curries are our favorites.  We come at least once every two weeks.
Indochin has been our number one take out place and sit down dinner/lunch place for years.  This is extremely convenient since we live down the street and I have a business pretty close to the area. They customize the food special to my son's liking, (believe me that is a hard thing to do) and have been able to maintain that consistently.   They even made me a customized dish (not on the menu) when I showed up after a 4 month long hospital stay and numerous dietary restrictions. I bring my midtown clients here, and the excellent service, the wonderful food, and the ambience is always a hit.  Thanks for making me look good and being so good to us over the years.
We eat here regularly and love it.  Friendly, great service, nice owner and reliably good food.  We like the fresh rolls, the chicken satay skewers, Indochine special noodles and the garlic prawns.
This place is interesting.  The food is tasty, but very Westernized - french influence in particular.  Nothing is very spicy, and I think that their curries have not only coconut milk but cream - dairy/butter mixed in.   This works, but takes you by surprise, if you are expecting your typical Thai curry.  I'm not sure where they get their tofu; it almost has a cheese  like consistency.  Again, yummy, but unexpected.  Their service is perfect, and recently, they've started giving out free desserts for lunch (tiramisu or chocolate cake) both of which are surprisingly tasty.  Don't come here if you are craving for authentic Thai food, but  highly recommended otherwise.  Their Indochine Chef's Noodles is one of their more authentic tasting dishes that is excellent - it's basically Pad See Ew but one of the best I've ever tasted.
This review is for take out only as we haven't yet made it into the restaurant to eat yet. We really love the food... much nicer and more authentic than some downtown Thai places. Portion sizes are great and the take out is always ready bang on time. Would recommend the Massamun Beef.
The staff are friendly and efficient, but my food tasted and smelled off.  I think that's a bad sign.  We will see if I get food poisoning later.  I ordered the pad thai, which came out red - what the hell?  I have ordered pad thai many times before at other places, and it usually is not red.  I don't know what kind of food coloring that was, but I sure hope it isn't the one that has been shown to be carcinogenic.  Anyway, the whole dish smelled off.
We had fabulous coconut curry and vegi dish here. We will be back for sure! Great service, great food!
We eat here evenings when we're too tired to go far from home.  The portions are large, the service is friendly and prompt, and the wine is very good.   My favorite dish is the papaya salad which is wonderfully fresh and lightly dressed.  The eggplant dishes are also very good, and they are always willing to adjust the degree of spicy heat.
Ordered take out here for the first time. Got Pad Thai which came out bright orange. The noodles were all stuck together, there was not much flavor or vegetables. The Imperial roles had a thick doughy outside instead of typical crispiness. My girlfriend got the mango chicken and threw it out after one bite because it tasted strange.  I would not recommend this restaurant.
We usually eat in downtown PA and I have to say it has a very different feel eating in Mid-town.  Not bad, just different.  We had a couple of curry dishes and pad thai.  The food was okay; not bad, but not particularly good either.  The curry is  a little bland.  It's salty and sweet enough, but lacks actual flavor from herbs or spices I expect from Thai or fusion food.  The service was also lacking.  The owner was very friendly but the waiters were hard to come by.  I'm not too impressed.  The place isn't bad but not somewhere I would recommend to friends to try either.
My husband and I returned to this restaurant after not being there for a while.  For a while this was one of our favorite places to eat.  The food was as tasty as always but as in the past it seems they are always out of one wine or another on their list.  My husband was talked into substituting another wine for the one he picked that was unavailable.  Since all the wines by the glass were in the $8-$9 range my husband ordered it without asking the price.  When we received the check we were shocked to see a $24 charge for the two glasses.  Shame on the waiter for not pointing out the price of this wine.  It is true my husband shared blame since he failed to inquire the per glass price.  This certainly left a sour taste in our mouths and it will be a long time, if ever, before we will consider returning or referring friends.  I give this restaurant 5 stars for the great food but I must deduct 2 stars for the waiter's professionalism in not telling the price of the wine since he was obviously pushing the most expensive wine.  We left a 17% tip but felt we could have left less!
