This place's bread & dip are #1 on my list. Susan's Downfall = HAVE to try this!! Other than that, I've tried a couple other pasta plates but nothing is as great to me as the Susan's Downfall, although it is overwhelming with sauce. I was treated here on several occasions, including random times throughout the year, for meetings, Valentine's Day, and for my 20th birthday dinner, which just passed. They know me, so they give me amazing desert that is not on the menu, and even some plates that are not on the menu. However, it is certainly possible to get things that are not on the menu, as I was able to my first time here. All you have to do is ask them, and they will give you options. Deserts = 5/5 Susan's Downfall = 5/5 Salmon = 5/5 Other pasta dishes = 4.5/5 depending on what you get. But I'm a pasta person, I love all of it. Beware though, this place is PRICY.
We felt like Italian and decided to pick a random new place to try out, so a group of us (5 people) ended up here at Cafe Pro Bono. We were super lucky to have gotten the very last table outside the restaurant because the inside was fully packed despite the fact that we arrived fashionably late for dinner! The server was very attentive (filled our water throughout the meal) and friendly even though we were seated outside. I almost feel like we were inside with everyone else based on the service we were provided! We ended up getting the following: [ appetizer ] Carpaccio alla Veneziana - almost not enough for 4 people because it was very delicious! [ pasta ] Tagliatelle alla Pro Bono - Tagliatelle Pasta with Porcini Mushrooms a light Alfredo sauce. This was my boyfriend's dish and it was just okay since I'm not a huge fan of mushrooms... Rigatoni - with spicy Italian sausage, mushrooms, roasted red bell peppers, and light marinara sauce. This was my dish & I LOVED it from beginning to end! I totally could not get enough of this and actually was able to finish the entire plate (which is SUPER rare for me)!! Also, the reason I got the rigatoni is because they don't have penne (SAD!)...but I'm glad its deliciousness made up for that fact! [ other ] Bread was complimentary and I thought it was pretty good with the olive oil/vinegar...not too much complaint compared to what others have said. Maybe we just caught them on a good bread day?? Overall, I thought this place was a nice find in the "old" part of Palo Alto. Parking is definitely not an issue here - there are two huge spacious parking lots right next door - and the service was decent. Can't complain much!
The inside is SO cozy. Parking isn't an issue. Service was pretty good, but we had great company to pass the time. My friend cleared his coq au vin, so I assume it was good, and the clams and linguine was great too. I had the seafood risotto, but to be honest, the arborio rice they used tasted like regular rice, almost like a slightly soggy fried rice. Didn't seem like a well-done risotto, in my opinion. The seafood was done moderately well, some pieces slightly overcooked and some completely overcooked. I think my friend ordered the duck breast arugula salad, and it is was it is. The duck breast was very thinly sliced though, so don't expect much bang for your buck! This place is a perfect date place, but food is slightly mediocre. Also, totally confused by the term "Pro Bono". What?
I wish I could give this place 3.5 stars, so rather than 4, I'm going to give it 3. I'd always passed by this place when looking for parking, but never thought to try. It's a fairly large Italian restaurant, that has a few outdoor tables as well. We were seated quickly, as it was quite empty for a Friday lunch. I had already known what I was going to order due to Yelp reviews, the Susan's Downfall. The pictures didn't scare me. :) However, there was also a daily lunch special menu attached to the regular menu, that had some amazing choices. The risotto with proscuitto, butternut squash, truffle cheese, and truffle oil looked amazing, but I was set on Susan's Downfall. We were given olive oil with garlic and other herbs to go with some french bread. Yum. But I also limited myself as I knew I was going to smother many slices with the gorgonzola sauce my dish came with. Our dishes arrived shortly after, and there were more raviolis than I had expected. I would say about 8 raviolis with herb and cheese inside, although I feel much of the flavor of the ravioli gets lost with the crazy gorgonzola sauce. It was good, but not out of this world as I had anticapted. I think I enjoyed dipping the bread in the cheese sauce more. Someone at my table had ordered the risotto, and it just looked okay. I was glad I didn't get it. Prices are a bit higher here for their pasta dishes. Susan's Downfall is $15, and the risotto was $17. We also had coffee, which was good here. Service is great here, although I did have to ask for more bread as we killed the first basket quickly. Overall, the food is decent here, I think it sounds more amazing on paper, but would try them again for something else.
Classy place, typical portion sizes for an upscale restaurant, which means not that much food. Had the charbroiled prawns with polenta, veggies, and a lemon butter sauce. The prawns with the butter sauce was pretty good. Polenta was alright; I think I just don't prefer that texture. Attentive waiter and pretty quick service. Overall wasn't super impressed with the food until dessert. Bread pudding with apricots and walnuts, topped with vanilla ice cream and caramel sauce. Wow, it was delicious. And my friend had a Moscow Mule, and said it was top notch. Basically the dessert and service upped my rating to three stars, but I won't be going back for awhile.
We had a great experience at  Cafe Pro Bono!  We hosted 18 people at the restaurant in their private room to celebrate my son's PhD at Stanford.  Ayden, the owner/manager helped us plan a wonderful menu (fresh halibut, Greek chicken, osso bucco and their specialty pasta) with perfect wines. The entrees, especially the halibut, were delicious (and it's hard to prepare halibut without drying it out and it was moist and perfect). We had great starters too and the desserts (loved the tiramisu) were completely worth the calories. The staff couldn't have been more accommodating and the service could not have been better.  The waiters were gracious, joked a bit with us when they were serving the food and genuinely couldn't have done more to make this an incredibly lovely and fun evening. Thanks so much, Ayden and staff!
This is honestly more of a 3 star rating due to service, but since I think food is more important...well, here you go: We came here for an intimate family dinner celebrating my grandma's 90th birthday. (Yep, my grandma is 90 and she's sharper than anyone else in the family. She also has better skin than any of us. I know, jealous.) For appetizers, we ordered a Susan's Downfall, grilled wild boar sausage, and grilled polenta with portobello mushrooms. The best part about Susan's Downfall was definitely the cheese sauce. It made their bread that much better. My mom was such a fan, she mopped the plate clean! (Now you know where I get my classiness from.) The polenta was more like a cake than the kind of pudding consistency that I'm used to. Not bad...but I guess I just prefer non-grilled polenta? Service miscommunication #1: While we were ordering our entrees, we accidentally ordered a salad because our server didn't speak very clearly and we had a hard time making out what he said. From our impressions, he asked what kind of salad we wanted after my mom pointed to the duck breast on the menu. Naturally, that must mean the salad comes with the entree right? Awkward moment. But the arugula salad was good, if anyone's curious. For entrees, the most memorable was the duck breast (sans salad), and the lamb chops. Both were super tender and well-flavored, highly recommend. The Coq au vin was the biggest miss of the night. I took one bite and the meat was terribly dry. Unless you like eating meat that tastes like sand paper (such as my uncle, he ate the entire plate, how, I do not know), I wouldn't recommend it. Service miscommunication #2, we wanted to order the halibut for my grandma since my grandma loves fish. When the entree arrived the fish was orange. For the whole time, my family sat there pondering, "Is halibut supposed to be ORANGE? I thought it was a white fish!" At the end of our meal, we asked the waiter what fish it was and they told us it was wild salmon. The halibut ran out so they substituted our fish with the salmon instead. Well, the whole world makes sense again! But it would've been courteous if they gave us a heads up first. It would've saved us from a lot of discombobulation. This place doesn't seem like they're the most communicative bunch, but they did give us a free panna cotta-like dessert after learning it was my grandma's 90th birthday and sang a song for her. Plus, the duck breast and lamb chops were delicious, so overlooking the communication issues: 4 stars.
One of my favorite things about going out to eat is the bread and butter (or olive oil) served.  The bread here is not good.  The rest of the food was decent, and the service was decent, but neither were great.  The ambiance/decor is just okay too and could use some updating.  It is fairly inexpensive for Palo Alto, but then, it is in midtown Palo Alto, which tends to be slightly more reasonable than downtown Palo Alto. Service could use some training.  They seemed to be running around very busy but getting nothing done.  For example, a server would run to get a pitcher of water, come refill for one patron, then run to put the pitcher back, then come back again to the same area for something else.  Very inefficient.  Because of this, we waited longer than we needed to for various things, such as water.  It is clearly a family-run business, but service was a bit like amateur night.  I will try one more time and update my review.
Lived in the area for over a year, and this was our first visit - for some reason I thought it was a sandwich shop!  My boyfriend informed me that it was indeed a restaurant! The outside doesn't reflect the inside at all - one of the few places I would say that sitting inside is nicer than outside as the outside is a bit stark - it needs some planters and some softer lighting to make looking at the Nut House parking lot a little more palatable. Ambiance - Cozy & full on a Saturday evening at 7.  Decor is a little dated.  The temperature inside the restaurant was slightly warm for our taste and my boyfriend was wishing he had shorts on.  Luckily I had on a tank top under my sweater so was fine, but a little more air would have been nice.  They let us pick our table from the two free ones, which I liked. Service - Professional and well-paced.  Waiter delivered the wrong entree to me by mistake but corrected it immediately.  They didn't overdo it on the water (I dislike when they are constantly filling the water glasses!) and did not rush us at all - it was a very pleasant pace. Food - Bread was not homemade, but nice and fresh and the olive oil mixture was tasty.  We ordered the homemade tagliatelle with lamb ragu and the horseradish encrusted salmon.  Both were solidly good - my pasta tasted fresh and was cooked perfectly, the ragu had nicely shredded and tender lamb.  It could have had a big more richness of flavor but overall was a solid dish.  Boyfriend's salmon was a very generous piece, the crust was delicious.  Rice pilaf was also tasty and the vegetables were fresh and al dente.  He drank a dark Italian beer (really good), I mis-ordered for my drink - my prosecco was too sweet for my entree -  but I thought I would be getting an appetizer and decided against it at the last moment. The prosecco would be good with a dessert. Prices: Reasonable for the area, which tends to be pricey.  $60 before tax and tip. Overall - Good food, nice atmosphere, we will be back!
I wasn't happy with the service or ambiance here.  We were told we had "5 minutes to order" before the kitchen closed - this was around 2pm.  Interestingly we had asked if they were still open before they seated us, so why rush us? The food was OK.  My panini was very oily. I wouldn't go back.
Small Italian place across the street from the California Ave. institution, the Nut House.  After a Passport to Palo Alto event, I walked by this place on the way back to my car and took a quick look at their menu.  From what I saw, it was very busy on a Monday night so I booked a reservation.  When finally getting here to eat, my friend and I enjoyed the dinner immensely.  Service was very helpful and not rushed.  We got the gazpacho and the polenta appetizers and the Susan's Downfall ravioli and  sausage rigatoni for main courses. The ravioli was as advertised...full of tasty ricotta and spinach goodness.  The rigatoni had a bit of a spicy kick to it too.  I wouldn't mind ordering either dish again on a future visit.  The gazpacho tasted weird to me, cold soup?...but my friend did indeed love it and I stuck to finishing the cube of polenta with portabello mushroom red sauce underneath. For dessert, we got the white choc/dark choc mousse.  There was a considerable wait for our dessert after we placed the order but it did eventually arrive.  The mousse itself wasn't super sweet even with the raspberry sauce that surrounded it. Worth a repeat visit although this will probably be around $35 per person for two courses and dessert/wine including tip.  There is a small outdoor seating area but not recommended if it is a windy day.
Came with bread to be dipped with olive oil and vinegar - YUM! Appetizer: -------------- Sauteed jumbo prawns with garlic, white wine, and lemon - it was delicious! Caesar salad for two- it was delicious, but a bit too fish-y for my taste Entrees: ------------- Organic Whole Grain Farro Pasta - it was really healthy...which wasn't bad, but it was so dry! Susan's Downfall - honestly speaking, you have to get this dish. It is AMAZING- the sauce is so delicious!  **HIGHLY RECOMMENDED** Dessert: ------------- Creme Caramel- alright Tiramisu- absolutely delicious and mouth-watering! All in all, the food was alright, but not worth the price tag, in my opinion. I've had better italian - I would recommend checking out Florentine's in downtown Saratoga.
Never mind, delicious food Great service A very cheerful and attentive waiter
Delicious food Okay service but who cares once you get your meal
This place is so cute, I have no idea why it has taken me 5 years of living in the Palo Alto area to try it! My friend and I were seated outside as the sun set, and we were given just the perfect amount of time to look over the menu and make our decisions. I cannot stress enough how wonderful the service is here - I feel like our server had a sixth sense or something... Anyway, after we made our selections they brought out the simple yet addictive bread & olive oil concoction. We managed to finish off two servings in no time & they were very generous and non-judgmental of our ravenous state. We split the appetizer version of "Susan's Downfall." (Who can resist a name like that?!) I had no idea what to expect with this dish other than ridiculous cheesy goodness, and it seriously delivered. Totally worth $9.95. Four raviolis stuffed with herbs and cheese and smothered in MORE crisped gorgonzola cheese? We devoured those raviolis no problem and didn't let the server clear the plate until we had basically licked it. (Not really. We used the bread. Stop worrying.) After our love affair with Susan's Downfall on top of the copious amounts of bread, we were admittedly afraid of our main course... Still, we couldn't help ourselves from eating even more as my cappellini (pomodoro) and her gnocchi (pesto) flew onto our table with grace and grandeur. Both were delightful, though her gnocchi was much creamier than expected (not a classic pesto). Mine was lighter and just what I had hoped for. Both were also reasonably priced at $13.95 and $12.95, respectively. Needless to say, we boxed up the remainder and eagerly await lunch leftovers tomorrow. Yay!
The dishes we had did not impress me at all. I am putting 2 stars because waiters and service were nice. However the food was not really good, except the bread + olive oil they bring for appetizer (although the bread was not homemade). I had Italian Sausage Rigatoni and my husband, Mushroom Pasta. After our first bite, we looked at each other and my husband finally said: "it's bad, isn't it?" We did not enjoy much our meal, even if we almost ate everything... because we were very hungry. It looks like they use dried mushrooms for their sauce, which I do not like at all. It was just "plain" and unsalty and no hints of aromas or some delicate flavors. Otherwise the place was nice + service too. I just hope they will elaborate more their menus, because they have the potential. I always want to try things twice, so I will come back one more time to test.
This is a very cute, very italian restaurant. Right when we were greeted at the door, I could tell it was going to be an authentic meal. I got the greek chicken with all veggies. The chicken was really tender with perfect grill marks and the veggies were simple but cooked perfectly. The sauce that was on the chicken wasn't too heavy or creamy. Will definitely come back to try a pasta dish.
I've tried this place twice now because of the high ratings on Yelp. Also looking for a place with "outside seating". Trust me -- its a few tables on the sidewalk  Both times I also had a mediocre and expensive meal. Seriously - I could make better pasta at home. They also were out of the beer I wanted that was on their menu.
Good food, good pinot (Tolloy Pinot Noir Vigneti Delle Dolomiti...a seriously delicious pinot), easy parking. Pretty relaxed atmosphere,  you can stay awhile and relax. Cappellini was slightly overcooked (my subjective taste), waiter and staff were superb.
Tucked in the corner, decided to stop in here a quick lunch. Sat outside with the few tables they have set out. Bread and sauce, yum. Gnocchi - potato dumplings with sun-dried tomatoes and pine nuts in a basil pesto sauce- the dumplings were nice and perfect and everything went well together. Tried another pasta dish which was well seasoned as well, wish I remembered what the dish was! Overall, happy with service and the food is pretty darn good.
Some facts before I get started on my review: -first time, reservations made for a party of 11 or so females (birthday party) - I hate cheese and creamy things. ____ Okay, the food was great. I have a really hard time finding an Italian place type of deal that I can actually eat. Atmosphere: dim lighting, I honestly can't say too much about this factor since there was soo many of us, and we were probably the loudest. ___ Service: somewhat slow BUT, there was TOO many of us. My food came out in a timely manner but somewhat got warm since we were all getting our foods. The portion for the first time was decent, not too much or little, but I honestly wished there was more. The waiters were extremely nice however. SO HONESTLY: I'D GIVE THEM FIVE STARS, but under the circumstances, I'd honestly have to go back again and I totally would. ____ Only bummer: no rainbow carrot cake, that was on the special menu, but apparently they have it only sometimes... ____ I did however order the mango sorbet and it was a different texture then other sorbets I believe, but it was realllly good. [: and main course I ordered: Rigatoni with spicy Italian sausage in a mushroom-red pepper sauce $14.95 and honestly it wasn't spicy, but it was soo good and worth it.. price doesn't make me too happy, but it's not bad. Would order the things I got again, definitively. P.S. they make real strawberry lemonaid here. (birthday girl ordered it)
Cafe Pro Bono is a quaint restaurant in the wonderful California Avenue that definitely has its share of loyal fans. On any given weeknight, you can find a diverse assortment of patrons looking for Italian fare. The interior is more spacious than the small exterior front would suggest and decor, while not noteworthy, is typical of a neighborhood staple. Service was prompt and we tried a few of the pasta dishes. As we waited, some bread was brought to the table and I did like the olive oil with fresh ground olives. Our selection: Soup of the Day - they feature a new selection each day and tonight was chicken soup.  A tomato based broth with lots of vegetables, pasta, and chicken was brought in a large plate with a small circular area.  The veggies were good but overall found the chicken overdone and the flavor very muted.  It also was definitely too lukewarm. Linguine con Vongole - a staple.  Good pasta.  Nice quantity of clams.  Overall, would have liked the dish hotter as well but flavor was fine. Coq Au Vin - enjoyed the wine based sauce and marinated potatoes and onions.  The chicken, while fall off the bone tender, was also overdone with little actual flavor in the meat itself.  I often brine my chicken and find the flavor similar when I don't. Overall, Cafe Pro Bono is a local favorite but I'm still searching for some great Italian in the Bay Area.  While prices are moderate, it's no surprise that chains (with even better prices or portions) are so popular here as the quality is often only slightly worse. Nearby, I typically like the admittedly pricier Cafe Riacce. Cafe Pro Bono accepts credit cards including American Express.
Nice, casual, no-pressure italian food. A few tables on the street to catch the evening sun. A constant rotation of waiters double checking you're happy with your food.
Lovely! Had a nice salmon salad. It was delicious :)
I love this place.  I always have such a great time.  Perfect Staff and perfect food. Susans Downfall...Need I say more
Love coming to this little resto.  Friendly staff, good food, and ncie ambiance.  My fave on the menu is Susan's downfall.  Weird name - sounds depressing, i know.  But it's delicious! :)
This is my second visit, first review. Service:  Very friendly staff, kept our water filled, our order was taken, and food / drinks delivered in a timely manner. Parking:  Plenty of parking in the area.  No problem (for us) Food: Bread:  Nothing special Chicken Parmesan (not on the menu, but they complied).  Chicken was perfectly cooked, good size, but there needed to be more cheese. Bolognese:  Pathetic portion for the price, but after complaining, they brought an addition portion out. I thought that was very respectable (and the reason for my 4-star review).  I didn't try, but I head it tasted excellent Ravioli (Cheese/Herb):  Very tasty, but the ravioli's could have been filled more. Price:  Yes, there are some $$ items on the menu, however, plan to spend at least 50 per person for drink, salad, meal and dessert/coffee.
Cafe Pro Bono is great overall. The restaurant is cozy, the service was wonderful and our waitress was helpful, but all in all I would not call this my favorite Italian place. Risotto was mediocre. A little bland and not creamy enough. I was pretty disappointed! Perhaps it should've been cooked longer? My friend's Tagliatelle dish seemed better-- I think they shine on pasta, and I'll have to try something on the pasta list next time i'm here. They're nice about substitutions (my friend wanted salmon instead of chicken). No refills on soda. Very mediocre blueberry panna cotta.Great cappuccinos (they claim it's the "best cappucino" in town). I will come back to give them another shot, but until then, it's a very average Italian restaurant.
Ate dinner at Cafe Pro Bono around 7-8pm and I would say it is definitely one of the better "authentic" (read: stereotypical Tuscany looking) Italian choices in Palo Alto. That said, it's generally "safe" tasting and food is a bit less flavorful than I'd expect from the menu descriptions -- I tasted others' dishes as well to confirm. But all was very well prepared. When we arrived 80-90% of the clientele was over 70, which is great, but also a marker for a particular palate. Then it evolved into mostly Stanford students on dates as the evening drew on. Wine selection was pretty ordinary and uninteresting, and didn't seem to leverage the wonderful selection local wineries we enjoy living in Northern California. Disappointing there. Their bar is very well stocked however. I would say if you are looking for gourmet/interesting food, pass, but if you want a safe family sit down, I'd highly recommend it. Service was very good.
I really like Cafe Pro Bono.  Tucked away just off of California Street, it's a quaint little Italian restaurant with delicious homemade pasta.  We had the Tagliatelle with Salmon (a custom creation of mine) and the special risotto of the day - both very good and only $16.95 each, a reasonable price for the quality and ambiance. We ordered the blueberry panna cotta, which was about average - I think the blueberry was too overpowering for me.  (I had originally written that we skipped dessert when my friend reminded me that we did, in fact, have dessert... so clearly nothing memorable.) Our server was very friendly and accomodating of my special requests. They claim to have the city's best cappuccino... It's certainly good, but don't be fooled, nothing out of the ordinary.  If you want espresso, go to ZombieRunner down the street or Philz Coffee. And, indulge my rant.  Restaurants in Italy beat the US in many regards, but what are the two ways we excel?  (1) Free tap water (unlike Italy where it's wine or bottled water), and (2) unlimited free refills on soda.  Right?  It's about the beverages.  Well, Cafe Pro Bono breaks that rule by charging for refills on soda - sadness!  A disappointing surprise mid-meal.  Minus one star for not upholding the American standards of all-you-can-drink caffeinated goodness. Otherwise, parking is easy, service is friendly, atmosphere is nice, etc.
What did we order? 1 Grilled Wild Boar Sausage with Flageolets 1 Grilled Sardines 1 Monk Fish Special How was the taste on a scale from 1 through 5? 4 How was the service on a scale from 1 through 5? 5 Did we feel it was worth the price? Yes Will we visit Cafe Pro Bono in the Future? Yes **
What did we order? N/A How was the taste on a scale from 1 through 5? N/A How was the service on a scale... Read more 
I've been wanting to come here for awhile and never really found a reason. Tonight I did, and it was so much more than I had expected. The host was friendly with a funny and playful attitude. It made us feel at home right away. I ordered the pork chop special and it was perfect. I half expected it to be a bit dry and buried under a lot of sauce, like I've had elsewhere. It was perfect, moist and had just enough apple glaze for flavor without taking away from the rich taste of the chop itself. From the outside it looks like a hole in the wall restaurant, but that all changes as soon as you walk in the door. The atmosphere is warm and comfortable while be very classy and a perfect spot for a date. I really didn't have a single complaint with the entire experience.
Good food. Good service and atmosphere. I really like this place.
Cafe Pro Bono is the B E S T! Go eat there right now!!! The service is perfect; the atmosphere is delightful; the food is beyond excellent! By far, the greatest meal, and the most enjoyable dining experience I have had EVER! The staff from host to server to bus person are most friendly, yet not intrusive. The ambiance is most elegant, yet not pretentious. Appetizers, soup, salad, entree to dessert were all prepared to perfection and the presentation was impeccable.  The wine and beer selections are excellent! The daily specials were excellent, and the regular menu offers many wonderful choices--I can't wait to try them all! Cafe Pro Bono is the very, very best!
My wife and I tried this place for the first tim Sunday evening. It is a small, quaint restaurant that was fairly crowded at 8 pm. The service was impeccable - nice, friendly without being intrusive. We started with the evening's special - cream of Asparagus soup. It was great - not to creamy or overdone. We also had a melon salad topped with pancetta! Who would have thought that combination would work? It did! We. like may reviewers ordered the "Susan's downfall". This is a dish to die for..just the best thing I can remember eating. Only problem was that we were somewhat full by the time our entrees arrived. Risotto with smoked salmon and carb filled ravioli were again, both perfect. This little eatery is a hidden gem - can't way to return.
I have often enjoyed lunch with clients at this restaurant.  Attentive, friendly service and outstanding pasta choices!  Love the penne con pollo, but all choices have been delicious!
I can't believe I haven't reviewed Cafe Pro Bono yet! (especially since I've been at least 8-10 times now). This is by far my favorite go-to pasta restaurant. The prices are reasonable, the service is great and the food is sooo good! We didn't have reservations, so we waited about 10-15 minutes.  The host was extremely nice and promised he would get us a good table.  It was soo worth the wait because we got a little booth all to ourselves in the corner in their back room.  It was soo nice! For dinner, we shared two appetizers and an entree.  For the appetizer we had Susan's downfall which is so rich and cheesy! Make sure you save some bread to soak up the extra cheese sauce. We also ordered the prawns which were perfectly cooked. (could have used more lemon, but I love a lot of sourness - my husband thought it was just right). Lastly, we ordered the special - duck confit with risotto.  It had the perfect balance of saltiness and the crispy duck along side the risotto was perfect. I also, yes, had two cocktails... you really only need one because man do they pack a punch.  No such thing as a watered-down drink here.  Though two cocktails over the course of about an hour and a half kept me plenty happy and talkative! Good thing I had a lot of food to eat! Please try this place at least once! My other favorite dish is clams with a white wine sauce - yum! I can't believe that Olive Garden is literally right around the corner.  Why would you eat at Olive Garden, when for the same price (roughly) you can eat here!  Mind blowing, really.
SOOOOO GOOD!!!!!!!!!!!! All of the items on the menu are AMAZING!
I was lucky to have dinner here within 30 minutes and leave for the movies right after without making a reservation or waiting.  The veal tortellini is handmade and full of flavor!  I loved it and it was actually my boyfriend's dish.  Next time I'm definitely ordering that.  I hope they keep that dish as a signature on their menu.
We had the following: Caesar Salad - one of the best salads I've had Goat Cheese Salad - also equally amazing Steak - came pre-cut and the sauce had amazing flavor. 2 Moscow Mules - awesome drink with Vodka and Ginger Beer among other ingredients Overall, amazing place, great ambiance - perfect for a date. The service was exceptional as well. Will definitely go back.
Last time I was here I wrote: "For $10 it was bordering on farcical to see four precious-looking medium shrimp arrive at our table." This time they gave us three shrimp for $10 instead of four, so I think we've now crossed that "border" I was talking about! And there were four people at our table this time, so we couldn't even split this "appetizer." Pricing issues like this and the spotty, forgetful service on a not-very-busy weeknight are the reasons for the downgrading. I get that it's heretical to ask for butter when you've just given us a pretty tasty oil and vinegar mix to dip our bread in, but it doesn't mean that it should take the four of us asking three different people for butter a total of about nine or ten times for some to actually get to the table. Aside from that, my lobster special ($13) was just "okay." It was a trio of three small handfuls of food: a small mound of Maine lobster chunks with lime chunks and microgreens, a small helping of lobster bisque, and a piece of lobster "jelly" with sugar-crusted orange wedges. The lobster chunks were perfectly cooked but ruined by a rogue lime seed hidden underneath that I hadn't seen and chewed into. The bisque had great flavor, more intense than the LobsterShack's in Redwood City, but the consistency was really greasy. The lobster jelly was alright but the piece was so small that aside from the first bite there wasn't any lobster jelly to eat with the orange wedges; it ended up being mostly just sugary orange pieces. Dessert was the best part of the meal: both the tiramisu and chocolate mousse were priced fairly and nicely made. It became apparent that the servers had noticed our table wasn't impressed with the service and their attitude towards us seem to cool, which is a shame because you'd think a place that cared would attempt some damage control instead of just going metaphorically limp. Spotty, average service is fine for a more casual, downtempo place, but since Pro Bono is clearly trying to present itself as a place with "ambience" and as A Place for Celebrations one would think they would work harder to be worthy of the image and the Palo Alto Pricing. I was already skeptical with Pro Bono to begin with, but even my friends who liked the place were a bit disappointed, and when you lose even the fans that's just sad.
I came here with a friend to help her celebrate her birthday recently.  The food wasn't bad and... Read more 
Not super impressed with neither the service nor the food. While our server was never outwardly rude, I could sense her slight annoyance when first we asked for more time to order or to change tables because the draft from the door was too cold. There was an older, much more friendly guy though who checked on us a few times towards the end of our meal. * Free bread basket - 2.5 stars The dipping sauce was olive oil, seasonings, and balsamic vinegar. Loved that though it was heavy on the oil and hard to reach the balsamic on the bottom. The bread itself was meh on the staked side. * Susan's Downfall - 3 stars (Cheese and herb ravioli with Gorgonzola sauce topped with toasted almonds, $8.95) Good flavorful sauce, which went well with the sliced almonds. There were only four pieces of ravioli though and I couldn't taste much of the filling. Once my friend said it tastes like cheeze-its, though, I couldn't get that out of my mind (she was right). I still found myself cleaning off the sauce with our free bread though. * Coq au vin - 2 stars (Braised Mary's Free Range Chicken With Pearl Onions, Pancetta, Mushrooms and Burgundy Wine, $18.95) The only good thing I would have to say is the quality of the meat was decent, being rather tender. The sauce had a strange sour aftertaste that really wasn't pleasant, and the side veggies were overcooked with no texture and added nothing to the dish.
Great spot for casual dinner and for those who's top priority is a good meal at a reasonable price.. I have been there 5-6 times and all the meals i have had are always great. I like the atmosphere, kinda tight where the tables are close together and medium noise level ... but imagine it's not for everybody. If you are looking for Chicie spots --then go into SF. The staff is terrific, very prompt, and the other reviews all describe how good the food is . Corkage fee is reasonable. We always get the ravioli  special as an appetizer. Doesn't have the best curb appeal -- but that is what makes it great , it's not pretentious. Wouldn't change a thing.
I came here with my fiance for Valentines Day dinner.  They definitely prepared well for Valentines day.  This is a very intimate and dim lit restaurant.  Ideal for a romantic dinner. The food here is very good.  Even though we didn't get their regular menu because of Valentine's day.  The salads, appetizers, and entrees we ordered from the Valentine's day menu were very good.  The service was very adequate. The bread and the dipping sauce was really good.  Even though the listing has this place at 2 $$ signs, but if you get a bottle of wine or order appetizers and salads, you can be looking at 120 for 2 people.  Bottom line is that this is an intimate, romantic, yet very delicious place.  You won't be disappointed coming here.
I decided to try this place after reading all the positive reviews, but left disappointed. My friends and I, we ordered coq au vin and me, fish risotto. The taste of the dishes are bland. I simply cannot forgive the chef for making the arborio rice with no taste. I mean arborio rice is a sponge, it sucks in all the flavor of the soup, well, unless they poured a very bland soup over the rice. If one bland dish is forgivable then two at the same time is not. The coq au vin was just as bland. And I have to say the chicken meat was not from a free range organic chicken. For a hefty price of the dishes, I simply don't get why they don't use a better quality chicken. I rate this place with two stars, one for the service, and another for the ambiance. Will I go back? Sure, but only if I can take a peek into their kitchen and see how my risotto was made. I mean it is just so difficult to make a non tasty risotto.
Client brought me here and I said I want protetin and veg. Asked why? The answer is easy I want to live longer! Table had Gnocchi IU had salad with chicken good service and enjoyable
Cafe Pro Bono, always has great authentic tasting Italian food. The Rissotto and Susans Downfall are amazing!!! Everytime I go the service and the food are top notch!
The first couple of times I went here I would have probably given this place a 4 and then a for ambiance and service and the food being pretty tasty.  I came here the first time to take out a girlfriend of mine for her birthday and we had a great time.  The server was sweet and helpful and presented my friend with a birthday candle on her dessert which was pretty good, a flour-less chocolate cake!  YUM!  And the host or owner even gave us some port on the house.  Sweet guy! The 2nd time was okay too.  This time it was for my birthday with the same girlfriend.  I got the lamb shank which was ginormous!  I took at least a half of it home.  I forget what she got but the server we had this time was also sweet. And the very last time we went here on a double date with my husband and her boyfriend everything just fell apart.  Our server had a bit of an attitude and our food kept coming out really late and all at different times.  We watched 3 tables get their food before us.  And when we asked when our food was to be expected the server in a nice tone but with a bit of an attitude explained what happened in the kitchen.  It wasn't out right rude so I wondered if he was maybe more annoyed with the kitchen or annoyed that we asked. Finally when we got our food, it seemed lukewarm and not as tasty as it had been before.  My friend's boyfriend also ordered a wine or drink that came extremely late and so it wasn't on our bill.  We assumed it was going to be comped but we asked if there was a mistake anyway, and of course the waiter forgot to put it on our bill and had to put it on there.  I get it was an expensive glass of wine but not even a little something after the long night of annoyances? We're all probably done with this place for a while.
The lettuce in the salad was wilted and a lot of the leaves were yellow and brown.  I requested lettuce in my sandwich and my sandwich came naked. Poor little sandwich.
Price lo. Yummy hi.
My mom & I came here today for lunch.    She had the tagliatelle with chicken, mushrooms and alfredo sauce ($16) and I had the gnocchi with pine nuts, sun-dried tomatoes and pesto sauce ($12).   Both dishes were good, I especially liked my gnocchi with pesto sauce.   Didn't really notice any sun-dried tomatoes, but it still had great flavor.  The pesto sauce was very heavy, but it somehow didn't drown out the pasta.   Nothing on the dessert menu really appealed to us, so we skipped it.   The portions were pretty hearty and I was quite full and had some leftovers to take home. Service was sloooooooooooow. (Update December 2011).  Returned with my fiance.  The food (gnocchi w/ pesto again + Caeser salad) was excellent, if a bit pricey, and this time the service was much faster (we were in and out within 45 minutes).   The bread & olive oil are also very good.  Definitely one of the better Italian options in Palo Alto.  The menu could be more creative, but the choices they have are well-executed and delicious.  I'd previously said 3.5 but its now a solid 4 stars.
Cafe Pro Bono...I am so conflcted about you! On the one hand, I have to say you get pretty good food at pretty good value.  I like almost all of the pasta and meat dishes I ordered here.  I particularly like the way they cook their pastas, which has always been al dente for me.  I also liked the risotto dishes, which have always been flavorful and well seasoned.  I had a mushroom risotto here once which was really quite good. But I have to agree with my wife that every time we came here, the service has been pretty awful.  For example, they always seem like tey are unhappy with us brining large parties here, when from my perspective, we are doing them a huge favor.  They are always kind of grumpy when I ask for water or more bread, which I usually think is just good Italian dinner courtesy - no? Anyways, I give them 3 stars for being decent in both price and food.  Down marks, however, for the horrid service.  Really Pro Bono, you could be so much better!!!
I was excited to try this place based on the reviews but was disappointed with my experience. The ambiance is pretty nice, but the food was just eh. We had a reservation on a Thursday night but it wasn't really necessary since it was pretty quiet. We were seated right away and the hosts were pretty nice, but after we just cracked our menus, another server came by to ask us if we were ready. We obviously were not since we had just started looking so he left. Then later, he came back when we were ready, but didn't even ask if we wanted drinks or apps and I felt like he was rushing to take our orders. He could've lost a big chunk of the bill right there, but we ended up ordering drinks and apps anyway. The beef carpaccio tasted and looked like it had been sitting around in the refrigerator all day. The beef slices were stuck to the plate and had a gross mushy texture. No bueno. Susan's downfall had a tasty sauce, but the ravioli were just eh. The best part was that we could dunk our bread (which was not warm or fresh) into the cheese sauce. That's about it. I had the rock shrimp pasta and the shrimp was overcooked, and the pasta sauce was runny. The flavor of the pasta sauce was pretty good and the pasta was cooked correctly but I just left all the shrimp on the plate. Overall, not worth the $. I'd go somewhere else.
I went here for a business lunch and it was fantastic. The service was great and fast and the food was solid. The waiter was extremely attentive, even when things got busy in the restaurant. Most of us got something that was not on the menu - salmon salad. It was really great with really fresh fish.
Quite good, but why a cook added a lot of olive oil to the salmon?
Came here for dinner last Saturday with a group and it was nice.  I thought our server gave off a strange vibe, but definitely no complaints. My fiance and i got the ceaser for two ($11.95).  Honestly, this was okay.  It was a bit dry and i wasn't exactly blown away by the dish.  My fiance ordered the Salmon ($18.95) and although he said it was good, he said he wouldn't order it again.  He would possibly order something new.  I ordered the polenta/mushroom appetizer as my meal ($7.95). This was pretty tasty, but again.. i love polenta so i'm kinda biased. I enjoyed the ambiance of this place.  Pretty nice and cool... a nice place to go to if you want to dine in Palo Alto but not deal with Palo Alto congestion... and there is PARKING near by!!
Order: Cornish hen Skip: Casareccia Casareccia with the organic whole grain pasta was ok. The risotto was good. My friend enjoyed his cornish hen. While the food is good, the 2 out of the 3 times I've dined there, our parties have received really bad service. Am I just out of luck?
Cafe Pro Bono is a quaint little Italian Restaurant tucked away on quiet California Ave. Parking was a breeze, nothing like University Ave. I was shocked when I arrived at how packed this place was at 8pm on a Tuesday! You may want to make reso's just in case, but they have a back room to accommodate more guests and larger parties too. The host graciously led me to my seat, very friendly service. To start, they had some very basic unappetizing white bread served with olive oil/balsamic. I ordered the Warm Spinach Salad with Mushrooms and Pancetta in a wine-mustard dressing. I hate mustard, so I was going to switch the dressing, but beware, the dressing is really a mushroom/pancetta sauce that basically defines the salad - it is served over a bed of raw spinach and is rather unimpressive for $8.95. I had the lamb chops ($25 for 3 pieces), which was a hefty price considering it was some well seasoned but not so tender lamb chops. I wish I went to Evvia. The side of mashed potatoes and vegetables that accompanied it were placed on my plate in an odd fashion, and they were even less impressive. I felt like I was eating cafeteria food (sorry). One last minor thing that bothered me was their lack of water refilling service which irritated me because I don't drink much water to begin with, and never have had an issue with this at any other restaurant. If I were to return, it would maybe be for the pasta (the chicken tagliatelle was not bad), but unfortunately they do not make their pasta in house. Despite their lack of redeeming factors, I may venture to give them a second chance, but it probably won't be anytime soon.
Came here for a birthday dinner with a group of 19- made reservations ahead of time (of course) and they gave us two long times in the private room in the back.  3 other small tables were in there as well. Felt a little bad since the atmosphere is more cozy and intimate with romantic dinners going on around us- our group was a group of young people with lots of energy and unintentional loud  inside voices.  Tried to keep the troops quiet but I think we did both the other tables a bit...oops. Food selection was enough with a couple selections under each category.  Tried a couple of pastas and they were all tasty but I felt a little not worth the medium high price tag.  Everyone was satisfied with their dishes but it certainly isn't a place you would frequent often especially if you don't have a padded wallet. Wouldn't mind coming back again for a more intimate meal sometime- cozy place, nice waiters, and not bad food and wine = good date place
Does not look so nice from the out side but inside is very cozy and quiet. The service is quite good and everything we had was delicious, from appetizers to desserts.
What a quaint little restaurant. It has a classic Italian feel. There isn't really anywhere to wait for your table besides at the front door, which can get a bit crowded on a Friday night. We moved from the front area to the bar, which is really a service bar and not for hanging out thought there were bar stools. We were seated at a nice table in the middle of the restaurant. The service was friendly and immediate. Appetizer: Susan's Downfall- cheese and herb raviolis with gorgonzola and toasted almond sauce...sooooo good we used the complimentary bread to sop up all of the sauce! Entrees: Grilled breast of duck with orange-thyme sauce...not too sweet, crispy skin, perfectly cooked. Lamb tenderloin special...it was good but not as good as I had expected. A little over-cooked. Desert: Bread pudding special...so delicious with the vanilla gelato Sorbet trio...champagne, mango, and raspberry...so satisfying. The server was spot on with her wine suggestion. Duckbill cabernet. Excellent!
Mmm! Susan's downfall is so, so good. It's no wonder - how could you go wrong with melted cheese, toasted almonds, and herb-filled pasta? Hedonism. It was a feast for the eyes too: I loved how the inside of the raviolis was red, while the Gorgonzola sauce surrounding them was white - a creative twist on a classic dish that can end up looking and tasting like Chef Boyardee if you're not careful. The 'rents enjoyed everything else we ordered here too: prawns in garlic and white wine sauce, penne with Italian sausage and roasted red peppers, and seafood linguine. Oh how much I wanted to try their talk-of-the-town tiramisu, but alas - we had my mom's birthday cake waiting for us at home. Next time. Ambience is cozy but elegant. Another hidden culinary gem on California Avenue.
After my relative's wedding rehearsal, we all ended up here for dinner before the big day.  The happy couple had heard some good things about the place, and when they found out that there was a private back room available for them to reserve, it was pretty much a done deal.  I can't say as to what the atmosphere is like dining in the main area, but the (mostly) private back room is pretty quaint.  It didn't get too loud even when the doors were shut, and it was pretty convenient that it's right by the kitchen during the few times we needed to grab someone's attention As part of the large party/private room reservation, a pre-designed, three course, prix fixe menu was already in place for us to order off of.  For myself, I had: - Spinach Salad With Citrus Vinaigrette, Walnuts and Oranges - I think this might have been my favorite just because it was a little more unique than your usual garden or caesar salad.  The vinaigrette made it feel lighter than with your traditional dressings, and the spinach tasted fresh.  I really liked the vinaigrette's flavor too, despite the bit of tartness you get from the citrus.  Definitely helped to cut through the sweetended walnuts, which were good, but I would have opted for sliced, roasted almonds instead if I was putting the salad together. - Grilled King Salmon With Sundried Tomato Chardonnay Sauce Served With Orzo Pasta and Vegetables - Nice strip of salmon that was maybe cooked a touch past ideal, but not dried out.  The orzo went well with the fish, but I couldn't much about the flavor.  I thought it was a little salty for orzo, but that could have possibly been from the vegetables or the seasonings from the sauce and/or fish.  And speaking of the sauce, maybe a little too strong with acidity, but again, I liked that it edged mored towards the tart side. - Chocolate Decadence - thick and very rich, full of darker chocolate flavors.  Definitely deserving of its name.  It came topped with a healthy dose of whipped cream, which I skimmed off the top after just the first bite.  Personally, I thought it was actually unnecessary to drape it all over the top since it doesn't add anything but more sweetness.  If anything, a modest amount on the edge would have been fine.  I really liked the raspberry sauce though...definitely could have used more of that even though I left about a third of the chocolate itself behind. In addition to my own, I tried a bite of the flank steak, which I thought was good, but hard to judge since it wasn't cooked to how I would have requested if it were my own order.  Also, the tiramisu was very good.  It's more cake like than the traditional kind with lady fingers, but I actually preferred it this way.  It was maybe a bit too sweet, but I liked it better than a number of other tiramisus that I've had in the past. As for service, the waiter(s) and helper/busboy were friendly enough, but the helper/busboy was a little too gung ho about his job for my liking.  He was always on the spot with water refills, bringing out fresh bread, and for clearing plates, but it wasn't really done in a considerate manner towards the guests.  At least a few times when he was putting down bread or pouring water, he would either come close to elbowing me in the face, or he would literally reach across me right as I'm about to take a bite of food.  Definitely on top of helping the table, but he would probably benefit from refining the technique a bit more. Not really sure what the parking situation is like on the street in the area, but I really don't think it matters all that much since there are several lots right next to the restaurant.  Plus, having come here on a Thursday night, there really wasn't a crowd of any kind fighting for spaces in the entire area.  With that said, even though the food I ordered was perfectly fine, none of it was particularly amazing in my eyes.  I wouldn't necessarily be opposed to coming back, but I would probably want to check out other options in the area if I'm coming out this way again.
Cafe Pro Bono is a very intimate little restaurant that I will definitely be back to. The bread and balsamic/olive oil with garlic and basil leaves alone would make me return. It is possible that I ate my weight in that bread and EVOO :) My whole wheat pasta dish with broccoli and a light marinara sauce was fantastic and I also enjoyed my boyfriend's alfredo chicken dish. The chicken was nicely prepared. Our appetizers were really quite amazing as well. The salad with jicama and walnuts was an unreal flavor combination and perfectly dressed. Often, I find that italians can overdo the dressing :) The prawns that we ordered to start were plump, juicy, and cooked to perfection. My boyfriend had been craving some prawns and he was 100% satisfied. Dessert was also yummy. I ate the entire bread pudding single-handedly hehe. We will be back for many more romantic dinners!
Lovely restaurant in the middle of nowhere, it seemed. Came here on a Thursday night, it was pretty packed for a tiny restaurant. Crowd of mostly older folks enjoying a nice dimly-lit meal. After scanning some Yelp reviews I decided to brave Susan's Downfall, ~$15. First bite: "mmm nom nom" Second bite: "mmm nom" Third bite: "TOO CHEESY AND SALTY" Fourth bite: Scarfs water and bread I was surprised, because I am usually pretty open to new and interesting flavors, and I LOVE cheese. But for me, Susan's Downfall was too salty and too cheesy and overall too heavy. I had about 6 ravioli and was done. My friend got the gnocchi al pesto which was delicious. Just the right amount of flavoring, not too heavy, yummy gnocchi, sun-dried tomatoes = perfection. Someone else got the arugula salad, which wasn't that good either. The birthday tiramisu was yummy though :)
Excellent food.  I had the Wild Boar Sausage appetizer yesterday and it was great.  It is an interestingly flavored sausage and served with flageolets.  I'm never disappointed by the food.  I have in the past had the chicken and Susan's downfall and would recommend either as well. Cute little place, with generally nice decor.  My only complaint is that the server was somewhat aloof.  We had a reservation for six, but they had only set up five place settings.  Things were made right quickly. At the end of the meal, we had already gathered our payment and it took a while for the server to come back to pick it up, even though the restaurant was not very crowded.
What another awesome find for the city of Palo Alto!   I was in the mood from some Italian food and boy was I glad my friend found this place on Yelp.  I went here with minimal expectations and left quite satisfied.  From start to finish, service here was impeccable.  Our waitress was attentive and our drinks and bread bowl was always full. One thing I couldn't get over was how good their bread and olive oil dip was.  The olive oil had balsamic vinegar and garlic pieces in it.  Make sure you smash the garlic pieces in the olive.  We had to stop ourselves from getting stuffed with bread before our main dish came out. Appetizers:  We ordered the special on the menu which was the bruschetta.  Glad we did because it was awesome.  Bread was crispy and tomatoes were fresh and flavorful. Entree:  I had the Rigatoni with spicy Italian sausage and mushrooms, roasted red pepper and light Marinara sauce.  Very simple pasta done just right.  Highly recommend it if you love a nice spicy marinara sauce. We were all so stuffed from carb overload that we decided to past on dessert.  Even with that they still gave us complimentary tiramisu.  Great way to end a great meal.  Well defiantly come back here the next time i crave pasta.
This is a cute little restaurant in Palo Alto, The day I came here (which was yesterday) the place was packed and the wait time was long! Luckily, I didn't have to wait since we made reservations a few days before and I was the first to arrive. The server was very attentive and kept checking on me while I was waiting for my party to arrive. I had the crab fettuccine with peas, mushrooms and I thought I read tomatoes but apparently I got zero tomatoes in my dish. I'm still trying figure out if I was reading it wrong or if I got jipped. Anyways, the portion was perfect, the food was good, the price didn't rip a hole in my wallet and I had a wonderful time here. In my opinion, the servers were attentive. Our water was filled constantly. They were around when we needed them to be (ex: asking for forks, the check, taking photos for us). All in all, great place with great company makes this place 4 stars. -Minus a star for the waiter not knowing his ETOH when my friend asked him which drink was better. You can't fake knowing alcohol!  (BTW, The bellini is fabulous so you MUST get it!)
Delicioso! Cute little restaurant a mile from downtown Palo Alto. The waitstaff was ok; not super attentive but didn't completely ignore us either. I had the wild mushroom risotto and that made my tastebuds super happy. The dungenous crab linguini was really good as well. The pasta was cooked perfectly and the white sauce complimented the crab meat. I really appreciated the fact that you could really taste the crab. Their salmon with horseradish-herb crust was done really well. The horseradish didn't over power the dish and the salmon was moiste. I guess I pretty much liked everything. Yummy little place. I shall be back to try the gnocchi next!
This place is SUCH a nice surprise and delight! My friend and I were originally going to olive garden for dinner, but on a Saturday night, the wait would have been over half an hour long. So being an elite yelper, I immediately busted out my yelp app on my iphone and found this nice little cafe just a block away. From the outside, it doesn't look like anything special but BOY were we surprised! It's a nice little restaurant that's very cozy and gives u a very homely feeling as well as classy. The walls are painted to give an artsy feel to the restaurant too. The service was impeccable. All the waiters and waitresses were super nice, and the host even offered to hold our coats for us, and at the end of the night, helped us put on our coats too. The food is good and VERY decently priced. We shared the soup of the day, which was the butterscotch squash. I love the vinegar oil for the bread, although I wish the bread was heated more. For the entree, we got the linguini with clams, which was a very tasty pasta if you're looking for something light. DIdn't get to try their desserts or drinks, but would DEFINITELY come back. For the service and quality of food ur getting, this place is actually super cheap for the price-range. Definitely a great hole in the wall discovery ^_^
I came here for dinner 2 weeks ago to celebrate my birthday. I loooove Italian food and since I was home (in the Bay), I decided to seek out some Italian. My mom works in Palo Alto, so she is always ranting and raving about restaurants there. She has been to almost all of them and had good things to say about this place. I narrowed it down to 2 places-- this one and osteria. I ended up picking this place because of the food menu and the better reviews. The food was absolutely delicious! I had a "special"-- seafood fettuccine. Very filling, and lots of seafood. Had to take some home. My cousin and brother got the salmon, which was actually breaded, but they both scarfed it down and cleaned off their plates. Mama got the veal- and she actually finished everything- which says a lot because she does not eat much. Padre got the same thing as me and thoroughly enjoyed it. The BF got a "special" also--risotto and lamb. I took a bite of that lamb (which I never really eat) and it melted in my mouth. Scrumptious! And the food portions are perfect! The place was pretty intimate and cozy. Thankfully, there was no long wait or crowd for that matter since we did go on a Monday night. (I had made reservations though). Minus 1 star because I was not satisfied with their dessert menu :/ (Creme brulee always tops off my italian dinners!) I ended up getting the "Chocolate decadence" which is a chocolate cake with no flour. It tasted like a cocoa cheesecake thing. Not really chocolate as I had hoped, but literally like a real cocoa chunk. Meh. Would recommend this place! But I would like to try other Italian restaurants in the area first before coming back!
This place is a pretty gem in Palo Alto. We went for an intimate birthday celebration, and it proved to be just the right atmosphere. Overall, four stars because I thought the food was just alright (nothing spectacular or out of the ordinary) but delicious enough to stow this hub away in my repertoire of good eats. Prices are slightly up there but for the right occasion, it's worth it. I had the Risotto with mushroom and lamb (I forget the actual name), and it was exactly that. It tasted very much like the whole thing was cooked together with the mushrooms (as opposed to just added in the end), creamy enough to add some texture, and tasty enough to keep me satisfied the whole way. What really surprised me was the fact that they got the serving size just right. What looked like a huge mass of food in the beginning turned out to stretch my belly just right. Much appreciated! To sum it up: Could be an intimate date dinner. The waiter service is a little suffocating. Portions are perfect. Wine selection is pretty vast. And parking is not a problem!
My boy declared, "I would bring a date here." My only fear is that Cafe Pro Bono has inspired him to cheat on me for the sake of impressing a first date ='( If that happens, one star! The truth is, Cafe Pro Brono *is* a lovely restaurant, with beautiful decor, solid service, and great food. The crowd is mostly of older people, not surprising with the sophisticated ambiance and all. The surroundings aren't anything special...they somewhat remind me of downtown Berkeley in fact, only much quieter and devoid of hobos. Choose between indoor and outdoor seating. The menu consists of appetizers, salads, pasta, and meat entrees ( http://www.cafeprobonore... ) I decided on one of the dinner specials - Fettuccine with prosciutto and peas in a light cream sauce, while the bf ordered Cappellini with fresh tomatoes and a bowl of clam chowder. We were started off with bread, which was very soft and chewy, but not warm and probably store bought. The dipping sauce was a great flavorful oil. The food: -Clam chowder: Way better than canned. Bursting with clams, corn, potatoes, and other goodies, all finely chopped. Definitely a winner. -Cappellini: I only had a bit, but it was great, fresh, and beautifully presented. -Fettuccine: Mmmm...I was very happy with my decision. Again, lovely presentation. Pasta was cooked perfectly, and indeed the sauce wasn't too heavy. I savored every bite. The desserts looked delicious too, but after the fettuccine I felt pretty satisfied and not in the mood for dessert (a travesty, I know). Maybe next time. And, when nighttime falls, candlelight brings the perfect touch of romance, which is, in my opinion, appropriate even for someone who is already yours.
I used to think that Cafe Pro Bono was actually a cafe. Luckily I really, truly ran out of places to eat in Palo Alto and had to come to Daddy Yelp for some inspiration. (Amazingly, it took me 5 years.) Service is awesome. Courses are well-timed, and the huge-peppergrinder-wielding dude pops up out of nowhere to sprinkle magic on your food. But my reviews are almost entirely for the food, as they should be. And this place just beat out Osteria as best Italian in the area. We got the: o wild boar sausage (spicy, piping hot, juicy, and accompanied by wonderful cannellini beans) o wild mushroom linguini (a symphony of flavors) o four-cheese stuffed chicken (boyfriend loved it. I liked it but was happier with my linguini...perfect because he didn't eat all my food, as he usually does) As a bonus, if all those freshmen on campus are making you feel old, you'll feel immediately younger when you step into this place. We had septagenarians on both sides.
I went for a business dinner. I had the Susan's down fall, but wasn't impressed with it. The ravioli stuck to the plate and the white sauce was so runny, it was like trying to eat soup with a fork. (Speaking of the fork, mine was dirty and I had to ask for a replacement.) The salad was also a bit plain, just lettuce and small amount of dressing. The wine selection was nice, and they did have a local wine for Zayante Vineyard. This is actually my favorite vineyard in the Santa Cruz mountains. They had the Merlot, not the best wine they have, but local nevertheless. All in all, the food was meh for the cost. I've had better, but I gave them two stars because they had a nice wine list.
A cute, casual restaurant tucked away in Palo Alto. I came here for a surprise birthday with a party of close to 20 people. We were seated in a small, private room with another large party, so the room was a bit loud and got warm pretty quick. The bf and I ended up ordering off of their special menu for that night. We started with a tropical salad with arugula, mango, and some other fruits I can't remember.  The Hawaiian swordfish caught both of our eyes, but I ended up with it while he chose the Niman Ranch NY steak. The salad was drizzled lightly with dressing and the fruits were arranged decoratively around the plate. After eating this salad, I realized that arugula may not be my favorite type of greens for a salad. It wasn't bad. It just wasn't for me. We got our entrees and everyone was eyeing mine! Huge piece of swordfish topped with julienned-cut fresh fruits (mango). You eat with your eyes first, and my eyes were already satisfied. Thank goodness the flavor matched the eye-catching presentation! And the fruit worked really well with the perfectly seasoned fish. Too bad the bf wasn't as excited about his steak as I was with my dish. There was nothing mind-blowing about it. It was a good piece meat, but lacked a bit of seasoning. So he picked off of my dish for the rest of the night. For dessert, the party planner brought in a birthday cake to share with the us. Rather than slicing and serving the cake, the staff took it up a notch and plated each slice with pomegranate or raspberry sauce and a fresh blueberry on top.  Matter-of-fact, the staff treated us fantastically throughout our entire dinner. They were attentive and efficient with no signs of stress from serving several large groups, nor was there any rush to kick us out at 10pm. This is a great option for a casual dinner with one other person or a group of 10.
3.5 stars. The Shrimp Risotto was tasty and had great texture! Big portions, enough to feed  a girl twice. And it normally comes with peas, but I despise peas... and when I asked if I could get my dish sans peas... they totally did just that, happily. the service was attentive, and helpful with menu options. will be back to try their other dishes! :)
What a delightful find!  Went here with fellow Yelper Caroline S. for lunch and I will definitely be back! Pro Bono is located right next to California Ave and there are several parking lots surrounding this restaurant so parking should be relatively easy to find. ~ 4 stars for accessibility and parking options The restaurant has a charming European feel to it, the tables are not crowded together and there are many seating configurations to accommodate groups or just a couple of people.  Wall decor is muted and classy - not at all kitschy!  There is a full bar towards the back end of the restaurant so this is a good dinner option as well! ~ 5 stars for ambiance Menu was almost exclusively Italian which is a good sign for an Italian restaurant!  Fresh bread was served with olive oil and balsamic vinegar in a bowl with fresh garlic and Italian herbs - mmmm, very good! Perfect sized portions - even I could finish a plate of their pasta!  We had Penne Portobello mushrooms, broccoli, peas and fresh tomatoes and herbs ($10.95) and Rigatoni with spicy Italian sausage, mushrooms red bell peppers in a marinara sauce ($11.95).  I really enjoyed the sausage entree - peppers were cooked right, sausage had a slight kick and the sauce was seasoned perfectly.  The penne pasta looked good and also received a vote of confidence!  We passed on dessert or coffee, though it was offered :) ~ 3 to 4 stars for food Service was excellent - Food came out quickly and at least three different people in addition to our waiter stopped by the table on several occasions with water, fresh ground pepper and Parmesan cheese and just to ask if the meal was satisfactory.  I give them high marks for service ~ 5 stars for service [Edited to correct error in entrees ordered!] ~ 4 stars overall for a great lunch experience with good food in sensible sized portions.  I will surely be back for more :) # 95
My instant impression was that pro bono means for free, so I thought this was a weird name for an Italian restaurant.  Free food?  Will lawyers be dispensing advice on the side?  Because of this confusion, I felt a slight unease upon entering.  But, the food was fine and the place was quiet enough so you can actually hear your dining companion. Asparagus and chicken risotto was creamy and satisfying.  Enjoyed my raspberry cocktail a little too much.  Reasonably priced.  A place that feels like it has probably seen better days in the past, but still serves up food for the public good.
Back when we worked on California Ave, this is where we'd book our candidate lunches.  The restaurant has energy, but I don't have to scream to have a good conversation, either.  It also helps that this is the best Italian restaurant in Palo Alto. The boar sausage is a fantastic appetizer that always left me wanting more.  It's not too salty, but just savory.  If you want to see what an instant heart attack looks like, get the Susan's Downfall.  You can also get this as an entree -- hopefully you enjoy cheese. If I'm feeling healthy, I'd get the warm spinach salad.  This dish falls somewhere in the "okay-to-good" category.  I like the ingredients, but sometimes I'm not feeling the wine-mustard dressing. But we're talking about an Italian restaurant here, so let's get to the main dishes.  The gnocchi is excellent, as is the Cannelloni.  If I'm getting an entree, I'd grab the lamb chops. At the end of the day, it's about the little things.  I can't get enough of their bread and dipping oil.  Also, ask for the strawberry lemonade!
This place gets better everytime we come here!  They take great care of everyone from our company.  I highly recommend it! Dependably supurb service, yummy food, and the competant staff won't rush you.
If you come at 11:30 am., you're solid gold in securing a table before the lunch crowd.  I love, love portobello mushroom sandwiches but depending on how the restaurant makes it, it can be really messy or a great treat. Well, Pro Bono did a fantastic job because, none of the contents slipped out of the toasted bread.  It was choc full of roasted red and yellow bell peppers.  I ate every last morsel of the sandwich plus the side salad. Great prices - $7.95 for my sandwich.  Service was great but a little on the slow side in getting our check and change.
This is a place that i would have probably never chosen to eat on my own. Fortunately, i was introduced to Cafe Pro Bono by Nique and her mom, and i'm so happy that i was! First off, the atmosphere here is very laid back...the several times that i have been here, whether on a friday night or a sunday evening, the crowd has been generally older, so it doesn't get really loud. Also, it's pretty dimly lit which helps to add to the overall intimate atmosphere. Of the dishes that i've tried here, the filet is the best--as is typically the case. Their peppercorn sauce is just the right blend of salty, and savory. Nique's mom SWEARS by the liguini with clams. Anytime that we take her out, she pretty much tries to order that dish where ever we go, but she always compares it to the dish that they make here. They also have some great, great desserts. If you are looking for a nice, quiet place for a date night, this is definitely a great place to consider.
So this is where my girlfriend [quick, test your putting 2-and-yelp-together skills: can you spot her review?  Look for the one that's useless, corny, and lame. (On no I didn't ! *snap snap snap*)] took me when she had been a bad girl and needed to make up for it.  True, the best way to make up to most guys for being a bad girl is by being a *bad* girl.  But I'm Italian, and therefore I dream about women and big, cylindrical... rigatoni, you pervert. She tried calling Osteria first, but they were booked till 9:30 as usual.  Definitely for the best, as Osteria seems to get worse everytime we go and venture from the things we like there (spinach pasta, veal marsala, tomato polenta). Cal Ave (and its cross-streets) are definitely the home to several places you'd never know about if someone (read: Yelp) didn't tell you about them, and Cafe Pro Bono is no exception.  The parking lot across the street is definitely a nice contrast to University Ave (shut up SFers).  You might hear crickets chirping, and wonder where everyone is, but don't worry, there are in fact people on Cal Ave, they're just inside eating at all the good restaurants (or, for the peanut-inclined, at the Nut House). The food was really good.  I'll skip the details lest I ruin your fun in spotting my girlfriend's review.  What? You're reading this review to learn about Cafe Pro Bono, not my social life, you say?  New to Yelp, then, I see.  Well, fine, here's one complaint for you:  the garlic-vinegar-oil for their bread is pretty tasty, and worked well as a topping to my mashed potatoes, but the bread itself really sucks.  Neither hearty nor crunchy on the outside nor light on the inside. I might have given this place 4 stars (it's on the pricey side), but I'm not allowed to like an Italian place less than my girlfriend, so 5 stars it is!
I had been planning a surprise birthday dinner for the bf for over a month. After extensive Yelp research I selected Cafe Pro Bono for their moderate distance (from SF to SJ) and reviews. It was quite easy to make the reservation for 18 and required no credit card deposit or mandatory prixe fixed menu. HUGE BONUS as that's a must for most places for a party that size. We were seated in one of the semi-private back dining room with 2 other parties. The staff was quick and quite attentive for such a large group. As for the food, the menu is quite vast with very fair prices---most entrees at $20 or less. The complimentary bread is served with this fabulous olive oil-roasted garlic-herb dipping sauce that was delish. The birthday boy had the Lamb in a Merlot/Black Olive sauce and I had one of the specials of Duck Confit and Mushroom Risotto. He really enjoyed his dish and I L-O-V-E-D the Duck. Super tender and moist without the over-gamey flavor duck sometimes has. The risotto was "ok" for me. 3.5 stars for the food. We brought our own cake (Guava Chiffon!) and the staff did a beautiful job plating it with extra berries and raspberry sauce. Cake cutting charge is applied. Overall, 4 stars for the combination of planning ease, attentive service, pretty yummy food, good wine list, and use of the semi-private room for no additional charge. Highly recommended.
Disappointing. Honestly don't remember much about the food b/c it was just generally nondescript. Service was slow and inattentive and though it might be partially out of their control, it was freezing in here! One of my pet peeves is aggressive air conditioning in places of business, unless it's 114 outside (which it wasn't), there is just no need for the A/C to be on so high. I have often contemplated taking co-workers here (lawyers, Pro Bono, get it?) but I'm not so sure I would after my lackluster experience.
***4.5 stars, rounded up*** My friend who lives in Newark, CA seems to believe that Palo Alto is a good place for us to meet "in the middle." Google maps confirm that Palo Alto is a 12-mile drive for him and a 35-mile drive for me. That's a 3:1 disparity, for those of you keeping score at home. Cafe Pro Bono is located next to a courthouse . . . maybe they can help me deal with this obvious injustice. We came here for an early dinner on a Saturday, which meant we had the staff's undivided attention. In fact, when when we came in, the hostess was sitting at the bar enjoying a beverage. The three of us were offered our choice of booths, each decorated with faux tapestry patterns. The decor was not original or particularly appealing, but they surely did all they could with the long, narrow dining area. The mirrors on the walls struggled to create the illusion of extra space. I will say that the tables were set perfectly, with white plates and stainless steel utensils arranged just right. Excellent. The waitstaff was very impressive. From our waitress, a tall, slender woman with European accent, to the busboys -- everyone was attentive and ready to help. More bread, more iced tea, some pepper - everything was brought out at the right time without any hassles. The food here was abundant and tasty, although it did lack originality. That's where Cafe Pro Bono loses half a star: every dish was a safe, simple alternative of its spicy, bold counterpart from some other Italian eatery. I went in the opposite direction from "safe and simple." I started my meal with gazpacho soup... I know what you're thinking: why would you order gazpacho from an Italian restaurant? Well, it was 93 degrees outside and I felt like soup, so I thought I'd risk it. Gazpacho tasted like a can of V8 with some corn and avocado sprinkled in. After a healthy dose of ground pepper, the soup finally began to get a bit of a kick. We then had the Caesar salad for two ($10.95) which is a better deal than two Caesar salads ($6.95 each). The salad was also very refreshing, and the amount of salad we got could have easily been enough for three people. For my main dish I went with the Tagliatelle alla Pro Bono, one of their signature dishes. I added chicken for a total of $14.95. The pasta was cooked to its perfect al dente stage, and the Alfredo sauce was light and not overbearing. The smell and taste of porcini mushrooms is what made the dish wonderful. I would have licked the plate if it had been socially acceptable! To cap off my meal, I opted for the special dessert - their bread pudding. I was completely full, but I could have easily eaten two more bowls of that sweet, moist, flavorful bread pudding. Delicious. Here's my only complaint: If "pro bono" means working for free, how come my portion of the bill came to $43????
I grew up in Palo Alto and have been up and down California Ave but somehow always overlooked this small restaurant. Whenever I come to Cafe Pro Bono, I always just look at the special menu. Last time I had an amazing crab linguini. The time before that, they served a mouth watering Ahi Tuna risotto. The food is so good that I take pictures of it on my cellphone and mobile-upload it to Facebook. And then by the time I finish lunch and drive back to the office, there are already 5 comments on the update...usually to the effect of "droooool".
Warm and inviting. My friend and I were seated promptly at the front by the female host, who I would later discover to be the bane of my amazing experience. As everyone has already mentioned, the oil and herb mix that accompanies the bread is great, but the bread itself is cold and average. We split a Susan's Downfall entree which was dished and served incredibly quickly, and it tasted remarkable. The almond sauce was intense, but not over the top, though some might find it salty. The ravioli itself was well-prepared. Perfectly al dente, and it was not overly stuffed--a trend I'm not a huge fan of in more Americanized restaurants. The dish itself was pleasantly displayed and a good-sized portion. We also had the Two Chocolate Mousse for dessert with tea. My friend had standard chamomile, which was served in a small teapot in which you choose and add whichever tea you'd like. The extremely Italian gentleman that brought out the tea didn't seem to speak English very well (which caused a number of humorous miscommunications as to if he should clear our table) suggested a Paris black tea with current, caramel, and citrus that paired perfectly with the mousse. The mousse itself was white chocolate and dark chocolate in raspberry. Separately, the dark chocolate was very rich and the white chocolate had a surprisingly light texture to it, but together with the raspberry sauce, the dessert was pretty tasty. The downside to our experience was a female host that was difficult to flag down, was fairly cold to us throughout the night, though she was attentive when making her rounds, and busied herself in between. When she passed by us, she waited on us and the table next to us very quickly and efficiently, but we wouldn't be able to reach her until she herself decided to pass by. On the opposite side of the same coin, however, the male host went above and beyond the call of duty. During our dinner, I felt a cold draft and saw that the door was propped open. The male host had propped open the door to help an elderly woman from her table to her car, opening her car, and not leaving her side until she had gotten in safely with the door shut. And the Italian gentleman that cleared our dishes and served us our tea, while much was lost in translation, had good intentions and a good heart, adding to the warm experience (minus ice queen hostess). All-in-all, the decor of the restaurant was warm, calming, and extremely inviting. Those dining around us were very much at home and well taken care of by the staff. A very nice place to go for a flavorful, candle-lit dinner.
Went here for a my friend's birthday party, and I gotta say they did a great job for our ginormous group (around 25-30 people).  All the servers as well as the bartender were really friendly, and the pacing of all the dishes was good despite our huge, chaotic group. We brought our own bottle of wine and paid the $15 corkage, but after looking at their wine list, their markups aren't bad at all and they carry a lot of local wines, so I'll probably stick to their list next time and save myself the trouble.  The food was good, but not wow.  However, I gotta give them credit for being one of the most affordable places to eat in Palo Alto...including wine, shared appetizers and desserts, our bill came up to less than 80 bucks for 2 people.  Great place for large parties!
I came here on a Tuesday night with my mom and grandparents.  At around 8pm, there were still a bit crowded and since we didn't have reservations we had to wait for a table.  About ten minutes later we were seated. They bring out bread, which is not warm, but very fresh and delicious.  We were planning on dessert, so skipped the appetizers.  I ordered the lobster ravioli, my mom ordered Susan's Downfall (cheese and herb raviolis with Gorgonzola and toasted almond sauce), grandma ordered the Sauteed veal with mushrooms and grandpa ordered the Gnocchi. As usual yelp was right, and Susan's Downfall was far superior to my lobster ravioli.  My ravioli was pretty good, but I've had much better.  Susan's Downfall was new, interesting, and absolutely delicious.  However, I think my favorite dish was the Gnocchi.  I'm a huge fan of Gnocchi and this was one of my favorites. For dessert we tried their daily special, the creme brulee and Lillian Bernucci's Favorite (Vanilla ice cream with hot fresh raspberry sauce).  The creme brulee was unusually grainy and really not good at all.  The vanilla with raspberry, however, was light and surprisingly good.
I came here as part of a group of 7 that included 3 young children.  They were very accommodating and, as per our request, seated us in their smaller back room.  Initially, the goal was to make it so that the kids wouldn't disturb other guests, but once they seated a huge party that took up most of the remaining tables in the same room with us, we ended up having to strain to hear one another.  Still, though, we had a really nice experience at the restaurant.  Plus, the other large group meant that the kids were not the largest distraction in the restaurant. The food: To begin with, we were given baskets of sliced french bread.  They were wrapped carefully in cloth, giving us the impression that they were fresh-out-of-the-oven hot, but they were cold.  This made me sad, but I was won over by their dipping sauce that was a concoction of balsamic vinegar, olive oil, pesto, and garlic.  I didn't want to stop eating the bread because I just wanted more and more of the sauce.  Imagine how good that sauce would be with freshly baked bread.  Yum. We ordered a variety of dishes and we were all very happy with them.  The pesto gnocchi and Susan's Downfall were scrumptious and my lamb shank was so tender I could have cut it with a butter knife.  I would've appreciated a few more veggies to complement my lamb and mashed potatoes, but what I did have was good (about 3 pieces each of carrots, zucchini, and asparagus). They had an excellent selection of desserts.  The gelato was nice and creamy.  The tiramisu was light and sweet.  The Copa alla Pro Bono (vanilla ice cream, strawberries, and hot zabaglione topping) was an interesting mix of temperatures and textures (good, but I'm not sure if I'd order it again).  On the menu, it says it serves 2, but it comes out in 2 separate large glasses - I understand the reasoning for something like this, but I found myself really wishing we could have ordered just 1 for half the price just so that we could've tasted it.  We ended up with what seemed like a little too much zabaglione at our table.
BE WARNED: Cafe Pro Bono charges you for refills on your soda.  And no, they will not tell you this up front. I'm not usually one to knock a place majorly over mediocre service, especially if the food is decent, but I feel like my lunch experience here was particularly egregious such that I need to share with the Yelp community. I came to Cafe Pro Bono today for lunch with a friend, and at first, I was fairly pleased.  Nice ambiance, not hard to get a table.  The bread and olive oil/garlic concoction were quite good. But the service knocked this place down from a 3.5/4 to a solid 2. First of all, the waitress was very inattentive.  It took her forever to get to our table and actually take our order. It also took FOREVER for our food to come out!  Who has that kind of time during a workday lunch?  The people seated next to us got their food before we did, even though they came in after. But here's the kicker.  We got our bill and my friend noticed that they had charged us $10 for "4" diet cokes.  I had one, he had one, and then he had 2 refills.  Mind you, they NEVER mentioned that the refills cost the same as an entirely new soda.  This really isn't a money issue, it's a disclosure issue (though who charges for refills?  Especially at a nice-ish place where the entrees are fairly PRICEY?).  I'm sure my friend wouldn't have been drinking his weight in diet coke had he known that it would end up costing the same as a sandwich elsewhere.  If a restaurant is going to charge for refills, they should ethically disclose this from the get-go.  Plain and simple. When we brought this to the waitress's attention, she said she would talk to the manager, but he decided that the "best he could do" was to charge us for 3 sodas rather than 4.  Pretty dumb if you ask me.  My friend expressed his dissatisfaction to the waitress and her response was that she "usually" tells people.  Um, what about this time?  Also, if it was clearly her fault, shouldn't the restaurant (if it is a decent establishment, especially!) take this off the bill? I think it's fair to say that I won't be back.
A good find in Palo Alto! I have been to California St in Palo Alto multiple times and have dined at most of the restaurants there and somehow never noticed Cafe Pro Bono till a friend picked it last night for dinner. I parked in a parking lot right next to the restaurant. My friend was running late and I peeked in and was not too excited. It seemed pretty small and like an old school type of restaurant with the decor and older crowd. No offense to older folks, I am getting there as well. The menu did not seem that exciting either with pretty standard fare. I ended up walking around the block to see if there were any other restaurants that we could go to. Since I had been to the others, decided to head back and give it a try in spite of my apprehensions. Now once I went in, my perceptions started to change. The waitress was very sweet. We ordered Susan's downfall which is cheese and herb raviolis with Gorgonzola and toasted almond sauce. It was solid start to the evening.  I ordered the Roast double breast of chicken filled with four cheeses and served with a fresh tomato-basil sauce which was yummy.  For dessert, I had the Two chocolate mousse with fresh raspberry sauce which was amazing. That bowl did not have to be cleaned after! I made sure I got it all, it was THAT good. I will go back.
Er...why would you post a review of your restaurant on a plaque at the front door with only a "meh" review? Not doing much advertising there. In fact, it worried me extensively that this restaurant (my choice) was going to be bad. Immediately my expectations dropped. Also they only appeared in the Zagat Survey circa 2002 (!) that's like 8 years ago. What happened to 2010? There really isn't much to talk about here. I'll just go over what I ate and my general impression. Really, I wouldn't recommend this restaurant for any reason--it was that basic and average. Come on Palo Alto, get some food in your rich belly (that's affordable please :).) Mushroom risotto was the essence of umami. Not mushy, a plus. Duck with orange and thyme marinade and roasted carrots and snap peas tasted exactly as it sounds. Meat was tender. Charbroiled prawns with polenta provided a good balance of meat: veg: grain. Nicely charbroiled prawns. Chocolate mousse cake was pretty good. I was surprised. Tiramisu was effing delicious. I was really really surprised. The caramel pudding was off. Properly cooked, but just didn't taste good. I was disappointed and surprised. And that was my experience. Thankfully we were celebrating JW's end of Stanford years and I didn't have to pay for this, because I'm certain I would've felt ripped off. :) Thanks JW's parents!
We ordered rigatoni with italian sausage, susan's downfall, lamb shanks, and the veal scallopini.  I thought all the dishes were delicious. The rigatoni with italian sausage had a kick to it, which I liked a lot.  The pasta was not overdone or underdone.  It was done just right. Susan's downfall was extremely cheesy and creamy.  We all shared these dishes, which I'm glad that we did since this dish would have been impossible to finish on my own.  I was completely satisfied with just getting two raviolis. The lamb shanks were very good.  The meat was tender and the wine reduced sauce complimented the food very well. The veal scallopini was probably my favorite of the dishes since the veal was done just right.  It was extremely tender and I liked the sauce that went with it.  I can't pinpoint what it was though.  The only thing I thought was missing was maybe mushrooms :) I would definitely recommend this restaurant and go back.
The food is great, the price is reasonable considering the quality of food, but the reason I gave it a 4 instead of a 5 is Pro Bono's inconsistent service. The Cafe has received a lot of press for its outstanding customer service.  However, every time I'm there the service is different.  One time we had a waiter who just hovered and never left us alone.  Another time our meal took forever to arrive and our waiter must have gone home or something - because we never saw him again. So the food is great (especially the Filet), but for me, the service leaves  a little to be desired.
I came here with a group of 6 people on a Wednesday night, and had no trouble getting a table without a reservation (thankfully!). People have mentioned the bread and dip a lot here.  I mostly agree with what's been said.  The bread could easily be better/tastier, and it should definitely be served warm.  But the dip is quite nice, and has a good bit of garlic in there if you choose to take the cloves and eat them. As group leader for this little outing, I used my influence to convince everybody to share a few appetizers, thereby increasing our items tasted per menu items ratio.  We got 4 apps for the 6 of us:  polenta with portabello mushrooms, smoked duck with tagliatelle, wild boar sausage, and the seemingly popular Susan's Downfall ravioli.  All were quite tasty!    The polenta was crisp on the outside and creamy in the middle, and the sauce was fantastic.  The smoked duck contained too much tagliatelle and not enough duck for my taste, but it all tasted good.  The ravioli were in a very nice sauce, although the ravioli themselves were nothing special.  But that gorgonzola sauce is amazing.  My personal favourite was the wild boar sausage...tasty, spicy, and all over good. The specials that night looked too good to actually order main courses from the regular menu.  Two people had the red snapper (and they said it was very good), and two of us had the tagliatelle (I'm sensing a theme here...) with dungenness crab and light cream sauce.  If I hadn't been on as strict a budget as I was, I would have totally gone for the rib steak special, since it sounded beyond phenomenal.  The pasta, however, was cooked to perfection...firm and chewy, no crunch, and certainly not mushy.  The crab was plentiful and seemed fresh, and the sauce was also quite tasty, if not a little fishy.  But I should have expected that with a seafood dish :-)  It went well with a glass of chardonnay. Nobody was clamouring for dessert, so we left it at that.  Although a strawberry banana creme brulee sounded quite nice, as did many of the desserts on the regular menu.  I'll definitely have to head back here. A note about the service...for the most part they were quite attentive, but didn't automatically bring the bill after we declined dessert and coffee.  This may be a more European tradition, based on my limited European dining experience, but it did throw me off a little in the Bay Area where people seem to be rushing you out the door as quickly as they can.  Total for 6 people = $150 (4 apps, 6 mains), plus tip.
I loved my meal here. It was my birthday and my boyfriend and I decided that we should try this place. It was a great decision. This place is pretty low-key looking from the front - you might miss it dozens of times before you finally noticed it. We started with the grilled polenta with portabello mushrooms, which was great. Then I got the grilled king salmon with horseradish-herb crust - awesome. I love salmon, I love horseradish, and this made my day. I ate it slowly, savoring. My boyfriend had pasta of some kind, which he enjoyed, but I was too busy enjoying my salmon to notice which one he got. :) For dessert, we got the Creme Caramel - one of my faves my dad made a lot when I was a kid. The sugar wasn't quite browned enough for my taste, but it was still pretty good. Neither my boyfriend nor I are really wine lovers, so we were probably the only ones in the restaurant drinking beer. It amused us. And afterward we went across the street to the Nut House for another cold one. Is there a better night imaginable? ;)
Cafe Pro Bono is a cute, cozy restaurant with a great staff located right off of California Ave. in Palo Alto. The restaurant features a relaxed ambiance and extremely friendly and welcoming service. I've been here a few times over the years and it remains one of my favorite Italian spots in the south Bay. Service is reasonably quick, the restaurant is busy without being crowded, and the cordial relationship between customers and owners / employees is evident (somewhat like the equivalent of a local coffee shop where a lot of patrons know the owner). My two favorite dishes at Cafe Pro Bono are their Cappellini (with fresh tomatoes, garlic, basil, and extra virgin olive oil) and their gnocchi (my favorite dish, with sun-dried tomatoes and pine nuts). Their tiramisu is absolutely delicious and a great way to finish off a pleasant, filling meal. All in all, the food and overall dining experience is very enjoyable here, and I definitely look forward to going back to Cafe Pro Bono soon.
My gfs and I came here for a post-work dinner. I think everyone enjoyed their meal, and the most memorable dish was Susan's Downfall. I'm a sucker for cheese! The risotto was also good, with huge scallops placed on top. The service was....okay. Minus points for not asking if we wanted wine. I wanted wine, but was too lazy to ask, so I didn't end up drinking any. They also took a long time to refill our waters, and I was getting dehydrated waiting...and waiting...trying to make eye contact with our server
I love Pro Bono. I come here frequently because it's near my home and workplace and it's such an easy pick. Great service? Check. Delicious, fresh, inspired food? Check. Great wine list? Check. I could go on and on. Sean, the owner, is wonderful. The atmosphere, well, you can't help but relax the minute you sit in this cozy restaurant. It is always warm, and the music envelops you. What I really want to say: Most italian-meditteranean restaurants suck. Boring italian dishes you could get from Mrs. Stouffer's in the freezer aisle for 3X the price. Not at Pro Bono. You can't recreate what they do. And they do it well. Delicious balsamic-olive oil dip with whole roasted garlic. SUSAN'S DOWNFALL...DO IT...there is an appetizer portion as well. I can't say enough good things about this place!
5 stars for the excellent service, phenomenal food, and best tiramisu I've ever had in my life! I came here for a retirement/farewell lunch with my group at work last Friday.  The service here is phenomenal!  There were about thirty of us, so we took up the whole back private room.  They were so good to refill our wine glasses and water glasses. Now on to the food.  We started off with an antipasto plate consisting of grilled zucchini, grilled asparagus, grilled red peppers, olives, and slices of cheese.  The grilled vegetables were seasoned well so it had a lot of flavor.  The red peppers were slightly spicy.  The olives were a little small, but I don't like olives anyway, so it didn't bother me. The next course was salad, and I chose the gorgonzola arugula salad with candied walnuts and balsamic vinagrette.  I liked how they dressed the salad very very lightly, so the flavor of the gorgonzola was able to lead the flavor of the salad.  The candied crunchy walnuts added a nice touch of sweetness and texture to the salad. For my main course, I ordered the sea bass on a polenta cake with creamy dill sauce.  The sea bass was so moist, and the tart/creamy sauce went perfectly well with the fish.  The polenta cake was a little bland.  This fish and the polenta were on a bed of thin green beans which were cooked perfectly; not too soggy. Lastly the tiramisu.  What a great way to end the meal!  The tiramisu was extremely moist, and you can taste the rum it was soaking in.  The cream in between the layers of lady fingers were smooth.  The tiramisu was dusted nicely with a thick layer of cocoa powder. Other people's dishes of the downfall ravioli and the steak also looked very delicious.  I would want to try the ravioli next time.  Ravioli looks to be swimming in creamy chessy goodness.
Situated across the street from the infamous Nut House, Cafe Pro Bono has a very modest exterior.  After looking through the Yelp reviews, I could not help but wonder why I had not tried this place after having eaten at almost all the other restaurants on California Street.  Maybe it is because I always saw the closed sign on the printer shop next door and assumed that the restaurant was closed.  I was also eager to compare it to Spaltis, another Italian restaurant, located a mere two blocks away. My fiancee and I ordered two dishes tonight: Susan's Downfall, cheese and herb raviolis with gorgonzola and almond sauce, and gnocchi with pesto sauce.  Both dishes were very tasty and had great homemade sauces.  The gnocchi was a solid portion for one person.  I was bit disappointed however with the portion size for Susan's Downfall - 8 thin raviolis.  At the end of the meal, I was still very hungry and had to resort to soaking up the sauce with extra bread (absolutely delicious but would rather not make a meal on bread).  Instead, I would have preferred a little less sauce and a couple of more raviolis.  Overall, service was very attentive and the restaurant has what I like to call - mood lighting. Prices are very comparable to Spaltis - $10-15 per pasta dish.  For my first taste comparison, I am indifferent between the two restaurants.  Overall, Cafe Pro Bono would be a great date restaurant for a very reasonable price.
Unfortunately, I can't really rate the food here since I hardly ate when I came for my boyfriend's surprise birthday dinner earlier this year. However, I can say that they have EXCEPTIONAL service! Everything was excellent from the moment I called to check for availability. They didn't make me go with a Prix Fixe menu (which many places will make you do for big groups) and they let me add people up to the last minute! I kept calling them whenever more people would confirm and they were so chill about it and told me not to worry. He said that, if needed, he would even close down the whole restaurant for me. Aww! There ended up being a total of over 30 people and they gave us the private room that you see in the pictures. When my boyfriend and I arrived, I said my name and the host took us toward the back of the restaurant to the last table. He then said "Is this ok? Or would you like something a little warmer?" I said "How about something warmer?" and then he opened the doors to the private room and everyone yelled out "Surprise!" It was perfect! They were very attentive throughout the whole night and even offered to set up separate checks for all 30 people! I felt bad so I said that we would take care of it...but then it turned out that many people needed to pay with credit card after all. So then they had to go back into the bill to sort everything out. =( Even so, they were really cool about it and did not give any attitude at all. I was so happy with their service that I even wrote them a personal thank you card. If you're looking for the perfect restaurant to have a big dinner, Cafe Pro Bono is the place.
I give this place 5 starts because it was really good!  At first when I stepped in here I felt like I wasn't good enough, kind of fancy.  But after they sat us down, I relaxed a little bit more.  Had a nice glass of wine and a delicious salad.  My friend got the Sally's no no, ravioli.  That was sooo good!  I was having a bad tummy day, so I had to stick to the salad.  Stupid tummy.  But I'd so go back here for some more Italian food. There is a mini bar in the back, thought that was kind of cute. On one of the walls had some art work drawn on it.  I felt the ambiance was nice. Ciao
This place was the only thing keeping me in Palo Alto after school when everything, but my apartment had made the move to San Francisco. While there are many fantastic dishes for you to choose from, I sent the menu to the cleaners after my first taste of their four cheese chicken and Susan's Downfall (sliced almonds, ravioli and a Gorgonzola cream sauce :).  Being from the Midwest I don't think I could OD on this stuff even if they gave me a sauce IV.  So don't listen to those other downfall posers that recommend ordering the appetizer.  Unless you're a girl, or you plan on ordering both, the entree is where it's at. Now anytime I go to a place that has a dish with the word downfall in it my fate is sealed, I have no choice.
Bread/ Olive oil: Bread is bland but it compliments the roasted garlic/olive oil/balsamic vinegarette sauce it comes with (Tip: This might sound nasty, but it's completely good- mop up your excess sauces with the bread and you'll realize how divine the sauces are). Polenta with Portobello Mushrooms: It was my first time trying polenta and now I'm a complete fan. Mmm, it was so creamy and delicious with the tomato sauce that had been studded liberally with slices of portobello mushrooms! I didn't think the sauce would work well with polenta but in fact it tasted perfect! Veryy droolworthy. I was so shocked when the plate came to me and I cut into steaming, piping hot polenta&sauce. But then I realized how pitiful the other restaurants were if the food was only warm and not freshly cooked hot. Linguine & clams: Simple, just okay. Nothing compared to... Penne with Mushrooms, tomatoes, and other fresh vegetables: This is a very light dish in comparasion to the other pastas. I prefer... Gnocchi with a Creamy Pesto Sauce: This pasta was sprinkled with sundried tomatoes and pine nuts. I wasn't too much of a fan of the dried tomatoes. Instead I went for the good ol' thick, creamy sauce that covered the mounds of pasta. I'm definitely a gnocchi fan, but Cafe Pro Bono's gnocchi wasn't melt-in-your-mouth soft. More firm, chewy, and filling, I suppose. Dessert: Are you kidding me?! Do you think I would have ROOM for dessert?! Service: Sloooooooooooow. It took forever just to get the bread. It took much more than an hour for the whole meal. Ambience: I loved the fake window painting by the bar. I think the decorations and whatnot were really fitting and cute!
Amazing dinner here! Customer service was excellent, with various waiters always checking in on us, refilling our drinks, and making sure that we enjoyed our food.  The decor and lighting was very romantic as I ate here with my boyfriend for a belated Valentine's Day dinner. The Susan's downfall appetizer was fairly small for the price ($9), with only four small pieces of ravioli.  I personally had mixed feelings about the Susan's downfall, it was a little too salty for my taste. However, the entrees seemed underpriced for the quality.  My boyfriend ordered the risotto con salmone ($19), and when I went to taste it, the salmon melted like butter in my mouth.  I ordered the grilled marinated breast of duck ($20), which was amazingly tender and cooked to perfection.  The potatoes had a lovely texture, and the vegetables also cooked and seasoned excellently.  I would have easily been willing to pay more for the quality of the duck entree.  Food was also perfectly portioned, as I didn't leave feeling like my stomach was distended, while my hunger was fully satiated.  Despite my mixed feelings on the Susan's downfall, the duck made this easily one of the best meals I've had in a while. Minor hitch in the experience, but just worth noting that refills on lemonade aren't free.  Didn't learn that until we saw the extra charges on the bill!
Excellent food, attentive staff, pleasant atmosphere, not too expensive. Started with the bruschetta. The toast was done perfectly (maybe the most important element of a fine bruschetta) and the tomatoes were flavorful. The caesar salad was one of the best I've had in a long time. The dressing was bursting with flavor, the croutons were homemade and just a little spicy, and the romaine was fresh. The lobster ravioli was a fascinating dish. The sauce was more lemony than I expected and could have had a bit more of a cream taste. The lobster filling was very good; it was more flavorful than any ravioli filling I can remember eating. The pasta around the filling was a little thick at times, but that's what happens when it's truly homemade. I got to taste the salmon as well. It was flaky and delicious with a wonderful light breading with the flavor of horseradish without the bite, which was perfect for a light breading. The rice and vegetables that came with it were done so well...yeah, they know how to cook very well here.
I am still fantasizing about their Linguini with fresh clams (lemon, white wine, garlic and olive oil $12.95)....aaaah I drool like Homer Simpson just thinking about it. I dream about the day that I can go back and eat this dish again. And like everyone else has said their dipping oil for the bread is so tasty! Their prices are reasonable. But this is a small place (plenty of parking near by!) and if you don't make reservations or come early you may be waiting outside. Two hand [rubs] on the belly for this place! **UPDATE: Like I said before, I was dreaming about this Clam Liguini since my last visit. I was a bit disappointed to have so much "sand" in my dish. I felt like I was eating sand with each bite. But I still tried to enjoy. The other disappointed factor was that they took so very long to bring our check...I almost fell asleep!
Came here for lunch with the yelpers of work, first impressions were good, delectable pictures? smells good? looks nice and clean? oui, si and yeah. Their bread and olive oil offering was good, the bread is soft and dippable.  The olive oil has TOASTED GARLIC and basil and vinegar.  Very good, especially since the garlic is left in big chunks left for you to smash onto your bread, sooo goood.  I must admit, I'm a garlic lover so... my view is tad jaded, but still! toasted garlic=kick in the crotch spit in your eye good. Between ordering our dish and receiving the food, we waited to what amounted to be too much time.  -1 star I got the mushroom risotto with duck confit.  The risotto was on the bland side with generous amounts of mushrooms, but mix it up with their red wine vinegar sauce and it livens up the flavors.  The duck....oh... sliced nicely with the skin left on....yeah, I like duck.  It was laid across my risotto quite nicely, but getting a drumstick would have also been nice since Donny ordered the same thing and got the jackpot plate.  damn seating arrangement! no offering of parmaesan cheese? what the hell? Aren't I in an italian restaurant?  -1 star Tried the spicy "meatball", I like it! but I'm a spicy addict so....that explains that. Pesto looked good, it got gobbled up pretty quickly so that's a good sign. Final verdict is a straight up eh it's good for one of those days when the whole day feels eh
Cute little place off California Ave. I had their salad special the other night and it was scrumptious. Golden and red beets, shaved ricotta, pomegranates, and some leafy greens. Linguine and clams were great. Light and seasoned well. Pappardelle with short ribs was pretty good too. Breading pudding was crispy on the outside with a warm gooey inside. Service was attentive and prices were reasonable.
The setting is cozy, familial, the kind of neighborhood place that has enough charm to keep you coming back for decent Italian. I've had better Italian but not for such a good price. Overall service was prompt and efficient and my water was always filled. Wild boar sausage with flageolets --just okay, thought the boar sausage was a bit boring and lacking in depth...the flageolets were fun to eat. Insalata tropicale with chayote, mango, star fruit, goat cheese and spinach drizzled with meyer lemon oil --I was surprised how well the ingredients in this dish were married together, I've never seen this type of salad at an Italian restaurant but the risk was well worth it. Pesto gnocchi with sundried tomatoes --Melt in your mouth gnocchi.Love the flashes of tomato and crunchy bits of pinenuts, but wish they would have left out the heavy cream and relied on stronger OO and basil. Creme Brulee --Not that good, I'll leave the creme brulee to the French. I thought it was too eggy and wish the caramelized crust was a little thicker. I should have ordered the Zabaglione sundae. Cappucino --Big steaming cup o' foam (think they make this with Lavazza) that comes with a mini biscotti. Yum.
My family always goes here for celebrations (birthdays, anniversaries, etc). The customer service is Excellent, capital E! We come here so often that the staff always personally welcomes us and even when I come alone, they recognize me. They are extremely attentive and friendly. Appetizers always consist of the Jumbo Prawns and Carpaccio. We've tried the others but these, to us, are the best.  Complimentary bread and its oil/vinegar/herbs dipping sauce is exquisite. We always get 2 baskets. Dad orders Linguini with fresh clams, Mom orders specials, Brother orders Breast of Duck, and I usually get the Veal. Each dish is extremely savory. I love that their dishes are consistent each time. You know what to expect which is always a mouth-watering dish! Drinks - Bellini is delicious. Margarita is super strong but Mom loved it. Wine is exquisite if you know what you're talking about. Dessert - Zabaglione. PLEASE. I beg you to try it. It has cold ice cream inside the light, fluffy wine custard. SOOOO amazing!!!! And I love my desserts so trust me, I know what I'm talking about! =)
We had hubby's 32nd year old bday dinner here last night . We made reservations for 6:30pm, we got seated right away once we got there. Between the 6 of us, we had the following: - Grilled wild boar sausage with flageolets $8.95 - Smoked duck breast with herbed fettuccine and truffle oil $9.95 - Sauteed jumbo prawns with garlic; white wine and lemon $9.95 - Linguini with fresh clams, lemon, white wine, garlic and olive oil $12.95 - Homemade lobster ravioli in a lemon vodka cream sauce $17.95 - Grilled Cornish game hen Stuffed with Israeli Couscous, Pancetta, and Vegetables $14.95 - Grilled marinated breast of duck with orange-thyme sauce $19.95 - Charbroiled prawns with grilled polenta, fresh tomatoes and herbs $19.95 - Charbroiled marinated lamb chops with black olive-Merlot sauce $20.95 - Charbroiled filet mignon with brandy-green peppercorn sauce $24.95 Everything was really good but the portions were kinda small. The duck, lamb, steak were all nice and tender. The linguini was delicious, the sauce actually had flavor! Mmmm... The double chocolate and tiramisu was great as an after dinner dessert. The prices were good too! They have their own parking lot so you dohn't have to worry about the parking spots. You should definitely try this place.
A great Palo Alto find! A bit unassuming on the outside and around the corner from a busy strip, I don't think I would've ever made it to Cafe Pro Bono. Luckily, Yelp led me to this small, Italian Cafe when my friend and I were looking for a place to do a double date. We were greeted by Pro Bono's smiling staff who were oh-so-welcoming and provided quick, yet thorough service throughout the evening. The highlight of the meal was most def the charbroiled marinated Lamb Chops w/ black olive-Merlot sauce, smashed potatoes, grilled asparagus & carrots. Each Lamb Chop "popsicle" was prepared exactly as how I ordered them, medium rare, and they all turned out beautifully! Check out the pix on Yelp to see just how enticing the dish looks. The portion was also sized juuust right. Even though my entree was just to my liking, I still had food envy over my bf's Seafood Pasta Special, which had lovely folds of pasta & a heavenly vodka cream sauce. I can only hope that they'll add it permanently to the menu! In addition to the entrees, the special Gazpacho soup that was ordered, was gone in record time. With the warm weather and tomatoey chilled soup presented before us, how could we not slurp it down in seconds? The chunks of tomato, avocado and onions were nice touches to what's typically a liquid-only soup. I had bites of the Duck Risotto and Capellini w/ fresh tomatoes, which both didn't really blow me away, although to be fair, they're not dishes that I would normally choose to order. The coffee that we finished off the meal with was delicious! In fact, I should've asked Pro Bono where they source it from so I could get my hands on it. Everyone in our party was happy w/ their selections & service, which merits 4 stars in my book!
The Yelp crew and I tried this place out.  I really want to give this 3 and 1/2, but I'll round down.  Too bad Pro Bono, the potential was there, it just wasn't executed well. The decor of the place had a nice calming feel too it, but not to the point that it was overbearingly upscale feeling.  And we needed the calming.  I don't know if it was just a bad day, but we seemed to not get our orders until EVERYONE around us got theirs.  My mouth immediately watered after reading 'duck confit'.  Not good, since my body's in full crave mode after my 20mi run this weekend.  Screw it, I earned it! Nearly half an hour rolls by and watching the waiter constantly  pass us by with plates and plates of food is excruciating.  "Your order is coming up in a couple of minutes," the waiter says.  Napkin on lap, fork in hand, wait, wait, wait....  What seems like another 10 minutes lapses, and finally, the food arrives. As KC stated, we both got the risotto duck confit in red wine balsamic sauce.  Ahh crisp duck skin, the "other bacon".  The sauce was exquisite.  Unfortunately, the duck was a bit over-cooked, and the rice was nothing to scream about.  I had a taste of the spaghetti and sausage-meatball.  I usually love salmon and fettucini alfredo, but their's was way too bland.  Some of the kitchen fumbles could have been recovered with a good helping of parmasan cheese, but NO, for some reason, we were on the parmasan black-list.  What, and no beverage refills?  WTF? Ok, I'm getting mad.  Donny needs a cookie. *chomp* *ahh*
Great food!! But service was a little slow .. I blame it on lunch time. I ordered the Calamari Steak and I must say if you like calamari, you will not go wrong with this dish. It was a tad greasy towards the last few bites but the overall texture was spot on. The dish also comes with some veggies....carrots and asparagus...mmm nom nom. For appetizer we had the boar sausage and shrimp - both very tasty. I'd definitely go here again!
I went here last night with a group of people. At first I couldn't find this place, since the sign is not placed over the actual restaurant and it's in a rather non-descript building. The food was average, really. Service was fantastic, but the food I had was mediocre at best and the prices were way too high for the quality of the food. (I had a chicken breast with truffle oil, and it was slightly rubbery and my knife refused to cut it.) I wasn't particularly impressed, although the rest of my group said that the gnocchi is where it's at.
My husband and I wanted to go to a nice Italian restaurant one night to get our minds off of the events of the day and Cafe Pro Bono did just that. While the decor is a little outdated (think mid-90's) the food was very current. We both had the poached pear arugula salad and he had the salmon while I had the penne with seafood. Little chunks of salmon, sea bass and shrimp in a really light cream tomato sauce. For dessert I branched out and tried the chocolate mousse, which had white and dark chocolate mousse served in a raspberry sauce. I wasn't able to finish my dinner but I made sure I finished that dessert. And we split a half bottle of prosecco, which nicely completed the night. Overall the meal was a little pricey, but then again we did order drinks, appetizers and dessert. If you are looking for a small Italian restaurant in Palo Alto but don't want to deal with the crowds of University Ave, this is the place to go.
trio misto -- very tiny tartare, bruschetta, crab cake organic whole grain farro pasta with portobello mushrooms, broccoli, and green peas in a fresh tomato-herb sauce = healthy, fresh rigatoni with spicy italian sausage in a mushroom-red pepper sauce = standard, basil for appearance rather than taste. pasta not particularly special. tagliatelle with kobe beef balls = so so Lillian Bernucci's favorite - vanilla gelato, with hot fresh raspberry sauce and grand marnier = very good
I went to this restaurant for my bday a few months ago.  Thanks Yelpers!  This was an excellent recommendation.  After reading all of the reviews, I thought it couldn't possibly be that good.  But it was! I ordered the "Tagliatelle alla Pro Bono with Porcini a light Alfredo sauce" which was simply amazing.  Tagliatelle resemble Fettucini noodles but are far lighter.  The alfredo sauce was incredible.  I've never had such a light yet flavorful sauce (it was not oily or greasy like other alfredo sauces). If you plan on coming here and expecting authentic Olive Garden, you're in the wrong area.  This place is traditional and authentic but you will not see generic italian food items on the menu (don't get me wrong, I like my Olive Garden, but this isn't that).  The portions are also well proportioned - how much a person should eat (not an overfilled american sized plate). I highly recommend this place.  The prices are also decent and the service is excellent.
Susan's Downfall is not only the most popular dish, but a perfect name for my experience: a downward spiral to disaster. Except my name isn't Susan :) I came around lunch time (12:45) and it was pretty tough to find a parking spot. But I managed to find one in one of the many parking lots. When you come inside you notice the walls: yellow with an orange wash over. Typical "faux-Italian" decor. The seat cushions kind of remind me of an upscale Denny's, with the whole geometric 80's look. But I'm not here to reminisce about the past ,or complain about how the cushions look like one of Bill Cosby's sweaters. I'm here for the food. This Susan's downfall looks tempting (and it was raved about on Yelp.) The waiter hands me a menu and I hand it back. "I'll have the Susan's Downfall please" *smile* While I was waiting I got the bread and olive oil. Nice olive oil mix. It had garlic and another green leaf that I sadly can't remember the name of. The bread was soft but seemed like it was one of those packaged ones you buy at the grocery store. The food is here! It smells good. Warm plate. I took one swipe and cut a ravioli in half, lacing it with scoops of cheese. I take a bite and..... Hey! It's pretty good. But as I ate more and more I noticed my feelings were changing. What used to be a "pretty good" dish was now a mediocre one. In all honesty, my hunger might have made it taste better during those first few bites. The entire dish was rather salty. It wasn't unbearable but after eating the whole thing, I had so much salt my throat started to itch. I also ate several pieces of ravioli WITHOUT the sauce. Without the sauce the ravioli was practically flavorless. Even though there was a filling, there wasn't a significant flavor. There was hardly any filling either. It was shaped and had as much filling as a sugar packet. The sauce was fine but still, quite salty. I wish they highlighted the Gorgonzola more. The only truly nice thing was the addition of the almonds, which added a nice textural balance to the soft sugar packets. The service was okay. They refilled my water but failed the "How is everything so far?" test. All the employees who worked there had this "fuck my life" look on their face. But hey! It's the restaurant biz, I can understand. I too wouldn't want to work at a job serving mediocre food to annoying reviewers like myself. **THE ULTIMATE DOWNFALL** This is where things got effed up. When the bill came in, it was $14. 14? I thought Susan's Downfall cost $9? Even with tax...how the....I payed anyways. I walked out scratching my head. Apparently they scammed me. On the receipt it said RAVIOLI which could have been their way of changing the price. When I walked out I saw a menu posted on the wall and I checked the prices. Yes, Susan's downfall IS worth $9..BUT! That's under the appetizer section. The EXACT SAME ITEM is listed on the ENTREE menu for $12. Which means, I thought I ordered the appetizer but they charged me for an entree. Same name and same description. Anyone could have made that mistake and I think they should have been more clear when it comes to taking your order. A quick "Now are you choosing the appetizer or the entree?" would suffice. Overall, the food was absolutely mediocre. Bread was okay. Olive oil mix was nice. I didn't like the whole price manipulation and I didn't like the vibe of the employees. For $14 I could buy much more ravioli at a Deli. Susan's downfall is in itself, a downfall. A total upset. I've been happier with ravioli at PASTA POMODORO. I don't know why everyone loves this place.... I give Cafe Pro Bono a well deserved 2.3 out of 5.
Chicken under-cooked, veggies under-steamed, sauce dull! expensive for such low quality, and not even close to authentic Italian. Will never go back there again.
I've gone to Cafe Pro Bono twice in the last three weeks, once for lunch and once for a late dinner. I enjoyed it both times, but here's the highlight: an outstanding lunch is practically free. I wanted something light (I don't really like lunch) so I ordered the grilled mushroom sandwich. The mushrooms and peppers were delicious, as I expected. But I also expected a half sandwich and got two halves, and it also came with a salad, and a healthy-sized one at that. I think my lunch cost $7.95. What an amazing bargain. For dinner I deprived myself by not getting the risotto (I do love risotto) and since it was late had one of the specials, a pasta dish with fish. My only complaint was the relatively high prices of the specials, but altogether I find the prices a bit on the low side. I was not having wine (another deprivation since the list is very nice). Good service both times. Overall a quality experience.
If you only try one dish - go for Susan's Downfall.  Delicate spinach and Gorgonzola ravioli.  There isn't anything else on the planet like it! For years I have been a big fan of this place - lunches, birthdays, bon voyage parties and more.  The service is friendly and prompt but never rush-rush. All dishes are prepared carefully - fresh flavors and ingredients.  Grilled polenta with portabello mushrooms, filet mignon, spagetti bolongnese... yum yum.  Finish your meal of with a bit of grappa or porto.  Cafe Pro Bono will be a favorite.
This is the first review I've written, but as I see a long, wonderful relationship with Cafe Pro Bono in the future, I find recording the ups and downs of our courtship to be useful. So far I've been to Pro Bono twice in the past 3 months.  First in early October with my boyfriend and then today with my family and said boyfriend. Atmosphere:  It's on a side street off of California Ave, but it's right next to several parking lots and far enough away from the main drag that no one happens by this cafe by chance (their loss!).  Its decor and small size have made both my evenings into intimate/amiable outings, depending on my company.  In general, the cliental cover the spectrum of graying, from proud parents to happy little old ladies.  Yet even as a pair of 20 year olds, both my boyfriend and I adore the vibe that this place gives. Service:  Attentive, polite, but unobtrusive.  In other words, perfect.  Also, when my dad had to go out to the car to fetch a present and the waitress took his soup from his spot, reheated it, and had it steaming hot for him as soon as he returned.  The water guy is amazing- I tend to drink a freaking ton of water at restaurants, as in 8 or 9 glasses (don't judge!), but my glass was NEVER empty.  I don't know if he has superpowers or what, but major kudos! Food:  Now this is what really matters for me-all the other stuff is just the icing on the cake.  Please note, I'm a pescetarian so I didn't sample any meat dishes. Two Year Anniversary with boyfriend (sorry hard to remember the details ;) : *They bring out sliced bread with a funky olive oil - chopped kalamata olives - red wine vinegar - diced basil leaves dipping sauce.  And they will refill it if you ask! :)  This is good since I'm usually hungry and eat a lot...suddenly waiting is much easier and I'm not tempted to nab the food of the nearest couple. 1.  October Special of the month appetizer: Crab/salad mixture that was rather small and not worth the price.  Phooey.  The two of us usually love crab. 2.  October Special of the month entree: Seafood pasta of mahi mahi, prawns, and other shellfish over tagliatelle.  This sounded so good that we both ordered this.  And it was...FANTASTIC.  Absolutely amazing.  Even Mr. Carnivore was delighted. Family Celebration (my little brother got into Stanford!!!!): 1. Linguini with Fresh Clams and seasoning:  Very good, maybe a little bland, but the best I've ever had of this dish.  My boyfriend was really happy.  Once again, he liked seafood over meat????  Mwahahaa...I must be slowly corrupting his ways. 2. Susan's Downfall: Both of my brothers and my health-nut, organic-obsessed vegetarian mother ordered this cheesy bomb and loved it.  Every plate was cleaned. It's basically ravioli with sunken in a lake of cheese-sauce and broiled.  I was brave and tasted the sauce (yes, even though it  A. has a ton of cheese in it and B. the cheese is moldy green gorgonzola) and it was surprisingly good, albeit a bit salty. 3.  Kind of obvious, but not very friendly if you're allergic to gluten like my dad.  Yes, I know.  We're a problem family for restaurants. :)  He had a bowl of soup and a salad though, so no worries. 4.  Chocolate Mousse:  It's a puddle of raspberry coulis with chocolate mousse piped on top it with a little piping of white chocolate mousse on top of that.  My little brother ordered this and enjoyed it. 5.  Chocolate Decadence:  While this is advertised as a slice of flourless chocolate cake, I swear it's heaven in edible form.  I'm not a chocolate person (give me vanilla, fruit or candy any day), but wow-wee.  It's a small slice, but it's so soft that it's like a rich, orgasmic, chocolate mousse with little puffs of whipped cream adorning the top.  Gentlemen (or Ladies), if you want your date to go damn smoothly and end in a pleasurable haze, I highly recommend ordering this dessert. Value:  This is a great value for the atmosphere, service level and prices of the dishes, especially for this area.  I usually hate how restaurants can get away with terrible quality in this area due to high rent, but most of the entrees are in the low teens.  Between the seafood pasta and dessert, I'll be back.
An Italian coworker recommeded this restaurant...so of course, I ordered pasta.  I ordered Pesto Penne.  I order it everywhere it is served.  Me and Pesto, we are best friends.  For $9.95, it was OK.  My coworker ordered Salmon sandwich---which I wished I could've traded.  But the seating and ambiance was nice.  And hey, they serve "Tiger Woods"--which is an "Arnold Palmer" with cran.  Service was slow.  Waiter quickly took our order but it took a long time for the food.  Then the power went ut in the side dining room we were in!!!  When the lights went dark, that's when I realized there was some type of rumbling that stopped--it was the dishwasher.  LOL.  Took a while for someone to come into the side dining room to ask for the check. 4/17/08 Update: Came here on my birthday!!! Had the grilled salmon salad with mango salsa.  It was really good.  Salmon was medium so very juicy.  Greens were very fresh.  Mango/cucumber salsa was perfectly tart while sweet....service was also alot more attentive...so I'm upping them a star to 4 stars. However...what's up with waiters giving u that question mark look when u want to drink water????  Water is good for us...geez.
Their complimentary bread comes with this oil and vinegar dip infused with herbs and a roasted clove of garlic. Soo good. Be sure you kind of break open the clove of garlic. It really amplifies the flavor of the herbs. For lunch my sister and I shared the rigatoni and the steak sandwich. I really liked both entrees. They were simple but tasted great. I'd definitely come back and try other items on their menu.
I love when I go to a restaurant, and then can't wait to come home and Yelp it! What a great restaurant! The service was fantastic without being annoying, taking the time to accomodate our every need.  The owner even came over just to chat about how we were liking our drinks, and gave some advice on his favorites. I had Susan's Downfall - cheese and herb raviolis with Gorgonzola and toasted almond sauce".... it was really good; my only complaint would be that my raviolis were hidden by the immense amount of cheese.  Not too good for the lactose intollerant (ie: me)... but it still tasted FANTASTIC. I highly recommend the "Wild Boar Sausage" appetizer.  It's filled with flavor, and for those with tiny stomachs...might be a good enough entree. Pama Martini-- A++ Pro Bono Cosmopolitan-- A Next time, I plan on saving room for dessert.
3.5 stars. Dress is casual but most diners were a bit more dressed up. Did anyone get annoyingly stared down by other patrons while dining at this restaurant? I made dinner reservations on a Saturday night for me and my boyfriend to celebrate his birthday. When we sat down, we were immediately stared at by nearby couples. Maybe it was the fact that we looked much younger than most of the diners (though we are in our late 20's) or maybe because we are a biracial couple (bf is white and I'm Asian), but the experience was wholly uncomfortable. Aside from the bad vibe, the food was really good. Our order was: Smoked duck breast with herbed fettuccine and truffle oil Caesar salad for two Roast double breast of chicken filled with four cheeses Veal scallopine with lemon caper sauce Napa Valley Chardonnay Woodside Cabernet Sauvignon Lillian's Favorite Chocolate Decadence Everything tasted great, though the portions were tiny. I especially recommend the smoked duck. My only complaints are: they obviously skimped on the croutons in the salad (there were only 2 croutons on each of our plates - maybe it was for an aesthetic reason, but we didn't appreciate it) and the chocolate decadence's texture and density was more like a chocolate truffle than a flourless chocolate cake. If we were to dine there again, we would choose something else for the entrees. The veal and chicken were tender but unmemorable. Also, this place is ridiculously noisy and there is little privacy. It's not romantic at all. The service was good though. We never had to worry about asking for water refills. Towards the end of dinner, the owner came by our table. By this time, we had eaten half of our entrees and decided to stop and save room for dessert. When the owner saw that we weren't eating anymore, he asked us if everything was alright twice. I think he thought that maybe something was wrong with the food because we didn't eat it all. I quickly explained that we were merely saving room for dessert, which I think I shouldn't have had to explain. If we were unhappy with the food, we definitely would have said something. At a little over $100 for two, it's not a really expensive place to dine. But we surely expected a better experience for that price.
I've been here 3 times for lunch and Cafe Pro Bono has been solid and consistent each time.   Surpisingly, for a good place like this, I've never had to wait for a table. If I want Italian food around California Ave, this is the first place that I'll think of.  The staff is very friendly and the service is good.  They peridocially check back on you but not in an overbearing way. The food selection for lunch is decent and the meals are full of flavor.  There's appetizers, sandwiches, salads, pastas and other entrees.  I've always ordered various pasta dishes and they have always been very satisfactory. Minus 1 star for the high price lunch, but it's worth every penny.
Hmm, I don't get it. We had 3 different dishes here and all were sub-par. To start, we had the ravioli appetizer. It was so creamy it tasted like 2 sticks of butter were melted over it. Rich is good, but this is way over kill. Also, it came with 4 pieces of ravioli. A bit sheisty, no? Then came the entree. I had their panini (i forget the name of it), which is supposed to be one of the most popular lunch items. It tasted like a gamey, veiny, meatball. Now stop for a minute and imagine that in your mouth. It's not good. My dining partner got the gnocchi, which similar to the ravioli, was way too rich and creamy. Just overly done, and nothing special. Two other things: 1. They charged me the incorrect amount for my panini. How? They charged me for a 'dinner' price instead of lunch. How does a mistake like this get made at 12PM? 2. Our server came back and asked if we wanted cheese over our ravioli. We said sure. Then she disappeared, and never came back with cheese. The next time she came back, she asked if we wanted cheese with our entrees. I said sure. She came back this time, but I almost wasn't expecting it because she didn't come back the first time! Given the expectations i had garnered after reading other reviews about this place, I was disappointed with my dining experience. Food didn't taste good, decor wasn't all that (someone said it was romantic? good thing I didn't bring a date here. nothing special here guys) service was lousy, and value wasn't exactly there either.
Wednesday evening, and the restaurant had constant traffic, though the wait for a table was minimal. Parking was also very convenient in the lot right next door. My friend and I decided to share the Susan's Downfall as an app. Delicious! The sauce was creamy and was great for dipping the complimentary bread (also yum). We also both went off the daily special menu and ordered a mushroom risotto with duck breast. The duck was a bit salty, but it served its purpose as it complemented the risotto which was a little more bland. The texture also was a little more al dente, and to be honest, I haven't tried many risottos, so I'm not sure what the "correct" texture is, but for my taste, I suppose it could have been a little softer. Still tasted good overall, and it had a plethora of mushrooms. Finally for dessert, was some sort of oven-baked pear with vanilla ice cream. Extremely refreshing and a great way to end the meal. Service here was good, not too overbearing, but they would check in on us every so often. Great place to have a quiet meal among friends.
I recently went back to cafe pro bono and actually ended up ordering the dish i said i would try in my previous review. it was a special that day: homemade papardelle pasta with fresh crab in a light cream sauce. the verdict? it was one of the most delicious pastas i've ever had, no joke. the sauce was creamy, but not overbearing, and the dish was topped with a generous amount of fresh crab that added this amazing seafood flavor to the sauce. sooooooo delicious. you could tell that the papardelle was homemade, because it had this great bite to it and tasted only as fresh pasta can. for dessert, we ordered the zabaglione, which i didn't like as much as i thought i would. it wasn't creamy enough and the taste of alcohol was a little bit overwhelming. i still love this place. it's cozy and reliable, definitely one of the few restaurants i enjoy eating at on a more regular basis.
I love this place, and I'm making a mental note to myself to try the linguini with fresh crab... Read more 
We went here on Friday night to celebrate my friend's birthday and we had an awesome time! We had to push back our reservation time from 8:45 to 9:00pm because the wine bar we went to prior was super slow with their service (and spilled wined on my friend!). Anyhow, we get there a little after 9pm and the gentleman (we think the owner) at the host booth (who claimed to be Romeo later during the night vs. my friend Julie - who he called "Julietta") greeted us happily. He was quite a character and he kept coming back to our table throughout the night to chat. The service was excellent - our waiter was very polite and attentive to our table. He recommended our wine, which I liked but the other girls didn't care too much for. We started with appetizers - the duck breast and the ravioli then shared three entrees between the four of us. The linguine with clams, seafood fettuccine, and lobster ravioli. The sauce on the appetizer ravioli was so tasty! A creamy white sauce that we used to dip our bread in while the plate was still there. Their bread dipping sauce - olive oil and balsamic vinegar with basil and some other stuff was also excellent. As for the entrees, the linguine with clams was the best of the three. It really stood out from the other two dishes - which were also good, but not spectacular. The portions were just right for us that night - we had just finished a bottle of wine with cheese and bread/crackers at a wine bar just before we got here. As for dessert, the gelato with hot raspberry sauce was soooo good! We also got a tiramisu for "Julietta"s birthday (along with a kiss from "Romeo" to "Julietta") and I forget the name, but the dessert for two (gelato topped with blueberries and strawberries topped with some foamy rum? grand marnier?). The alcohol on those two were pretty strong, but the berries were fresh. Overall, we had a great time with great food and great service. We were there until 10:30pm (they close at 10:00pm), but they never gave us a hint of attitude (or maybe we were having too much fun to notice?).  The tab was about $130 pre-tip for a bottle of wine, two appetizers, three entrees, and two desserts. Maybe a tad pricey, but money well spent for the food and service we got. "Romeo" told us to come back next weekend for another dinner - and perhaps more kisses for Julie?
Decided to come to Cafe Pro Bono after reading a few reviews here one night when my BF's family and I wanted to eat out. If they're serving it, DEFINITELY order the bruscetta. We all agreed that they add something AMAZING to it (we surmised everything from MSG to crack but couldn't come to a conclusion :P). Can't remember how much it cost, but it came with four tomato-loaded crostini's, the perfect amount for our party :) The guys ordered Susan's Downfall, an over-the-top cheese & cream coated ravioli dish. They LOVED it, my BF's dad nearly licked the plate clean! The portion is a lot smaller than what I ordered (the sausage-y pasta item on the menu) and also what my BF's mom ordered, but the guys said it was perfect. For dessert we had the zabaglione. $15 for two people. Good. God. It. Was. AMAZING. It could easily have fed much more people as it arrived in two huge goblets. Creamy, warm, whipped topping over fresh berries over vanilla gelato FOR THE WIN! We also had the bread pudding which was nearly as nom-tastic. Quiet on weeknights and a little hidden, so make sure you look it up on Google maps or something first! It feels like a cozy, gourmet Pasta Pomodoro.
Cafe Pro Bono serves up solid food in a quiet, tucked-away location on California Ave.  The atmosphere is relaxed but nice.  The three times we've been there we didn't have reservations but didn't have to wait for a table.  My favorite dishes there have been the fish dishes - some of these were part of their daily specials. Salmon with horseradish-herb crust - The salmon was cooked perfectly!  Slightly crisp on the outside and delicate on the inside.  The horseradish-herb crust was subtle and not overpowering at all.  The perfect balance. Opah with pearl couscous (daily special) - A Mediterranean preparation of a white fish on a bed of deliciously-seasoned, nicely-textured pearl couscous.  Again, the fish was cooked perfectly!  I loved this dish!! Lemon prawns with pasta (daily special) - Several large prawns served on a bed of linguini tossed with a light lemon cream sauce.  This dish was also really good. Mmm, just thinking about these dishes is making me want to eat them again!  We also tried a few appetizers (polenta with mushroom, smoked duck with herbed fettuccini and truffle oil) and some of the other entrees, but the real standouts were the fish dishes.
This is a cute little Italian restaurant that has a very intimate vibe and feeling to it and the food didn't disappoint either! What I've Had:  Prawns, Gorgonzola Salad, Casareccia, Tagliatelle w/chicken, Bread Pudding The prawns and salad were perfect.  Perfectly seasoned salad and high quality prawns in a creamy sauce that I used bread to finish off.  The best part of the prawns appetizer was how simple the sauce was, allowing the great taste of the prawns to shine through. The Casareccia was one of the most unique pasta dishes that I've had in quite some time and was made with whole wheat pasta which my friend LOVED.  Making whole wheat pasta is extremely hard to do and this dish passed with flying colors. My Tagliatelle was also a great dish and was not too creamy/fattening which is always a plus.  The chicken was tender and grilled to perfection before being added to the pasta/sauce and the mushrooms were a great touch. I wasn't a huge fan of the bread pudding because I prefer the bread pudding to come out a bit more hot/freshly cooked.  The bread and balsamic dipping sauce that they provide here was probably the best blend as it included the balsamic vinegar, olive oil, garlic and basil leaves.  I can't wait to make that blend at home for myself and will be coming back here just for that! :)  To top off a great meal, the service was very warm and the people in the restaurant were super friendly and very accommodating.
I'm bumping these guys up to 5 stars because today we returned, this time with a slightly bigger party at a slightly later reservation, and we were starving.  It took a while for us to get some menus and bread while waiting for our server to take our orders, but if you looked around, there was quite a crowd (duh, lunchtime) and it appeared that they were somewhat short-staffed as far as servers were concerned.  When our orders were taken, I asked if we could get a couple (2) bread baskets, and we got 3!!  And everyone got the right drink so you could tell they are on top of their game.  There was one particular server who had to bus tables, convert seating areas to accommodate another party larger than ours, settle bills, etc.  I wanted to give him a hug because he was just non-stop.  I always appreciate hard working service, even if it means I have to wait a little longer to eat. But it was totally worth the wait. Our food came quicker than I thought (because risotto was part of our order and I know that takes a while to cook), and it was phenomenal.  I ordered one of the lunch specials, penne with tomatoes, mushrooms, tiger prawns, and a hint of cream - it was so good!!!  Almost everyone else finished their dishes too...and said they would definitely come back again.
Craving: Italian Event/Meal: birthday lunch Food ordered: ravioli for appetizer, flank steak for... Read more 
I have no idea how I have never been here before when I like Italian food, and I like trying restaurants, and I went to school nearby for 4 years.  What an oversight. Went last night for a friend's birthday.  We started with the Susan's Downfall ravioli appetizer and the polenta appetizer.  Polenta was OK (Carpaccio's is better), but, as others have pointed out, the ravioli sauce of doom was tastylicious.  We went through the entire basket of bread mopping up the sauce (OK, five people, but it was still some freaking good stuff).  Points for not serving sourdough, too. I had the lobster ravioli in lemon vodka cream sauce and it was good, though I think the Susan's Downfall were better as ravioli go.  Others at the table ordered things that also looked very nice -- fettucine with mushrooms in a light alfredo sauce, gnocchi pesto, grilled salmon, penne with vegetables.  Everyone said they quite enjoyed their choices. Another friend had warned me they have small portions, but with the appetizer (well, with the massive amount of bread we ate with the sauce from the appetizer) I was pleasantly full. Would definitely go back.  Need more cheese and cream.
Charming for friends, family and/or dates.  The service was really nice, though some might find it a bit slow (not me--I love the Italian way). Yummy dirty goose martini, so kudos to the barman.  As for the chef, he gets a mixed review.  My starter, prawns on avocado slices, was weird.  It was artfully nested upon this thick, yellowish sauce which, for the life of me, I don't know what it was.  But it was very sweet and not very appealing (I'm a savory gal).  Conversely, the fettuccine with fresh king salmon (which was cooked perfectly; overcooked stuff is a huge peeve of mine) was exquisite, unfortunately for me, since I didn't order it.  My dish, truffled risotto with duck, was disappointing--bland, bland, bland, and the duck was overcooked (remember that pet peeve).  I actually had to put cheese and more than a pinch of salt on it.  The dish was just not good.  Travesty to waste perfectly good black truffles. Ah, but alas--the tiramisu was very, very good.  Warning: they put quite a bit of chocolate sauce all over it as what some might call "garnish" and I call "garish."  Next time I will tell them to refrain, as I'm a purist when it comes to my tiramisu. Oh, oh, oh!  I was gaping at the lamb the lady at the next table was ravaging.  It looked awesome.  Note to self...
Eh... I got the Warm Spinach Salad and (1) it was cold (2) It was soggy (3) I didn't really like the dressing. Service was good except the waiter kept getting the decaf and the caf coffee mixed up. The other people at my table got an assortment of fish, lamb, beef ... i never asked anyone if their food was good but  I never heard anyone say anything particularly good about their dishes.
Everything is free here............ NOT! Service: The staff here are very attentitive and accomidating.  They handeled our dinner party with ease and did not keep us waiting for our complimentary bread right after we ordered.  Our water cups never even reached half empty because of their constant refilling.  Had to use the bathroom that night more than usual because the endless supply of water... 1 out of 1 star Food: I ordered the Linguini with clams.  It was a little bland but there was an abundance of clams which I was not expecting.  1 out of 2 stars. Price: Our  dishes were decently priced around 10-15 dollars for a pretty good portion.  1 out of 1 star. Wow factor: Nothing really stood out here.  The restaurant has a nice Italian feel to the place but that does not make up for the bland dish I had. 0 out of 1 star.
I am posting this edit, since my original review written in 2006 has an initial line that probably makes no sense. When I wrote the review, this Yelp entry was listed as "Pro Bono Cafe", and my first line was a then-mildly-humorous poke at the fact that they got the name wrong. Since then, Yelp has seen the grave error of their ways, and have caved in and corrected the restaurant name.  My kung fu is apparently that strong.  In any case, it leaves my original review with 'orphaned' humor that make me look rather confused.  I'm not an idiot, really, I swear. Still love this place.
I believe this place is actually called "Cafe Pro Bono", but I'll forgive the naming dyslexia. We... Read more 
When we walked in, the first thing we noticed was that we were the only group under 40...kind of weird.  Our next-table neighbors even stared at us openly when we sat down...very weird.  But, the wait staff was very friendly and the food was VERY delicious. I started with the portabello-mozzarella-basil salad.  I don't even like mushrooms, but the grilled portabellos were nice and tender and smoky.  Their balsamic drizzle was to die for.  My entree was the linguine with clams...amazing!  The clams came in-shell, which I liked, and the pasta tasted very fresh.  My water glass was kept filled and the service was excellent. My only complaint was my dessert, the gelato on the menu (the one with the special name, with the raspberry drizzle).  The gelato had chunks in it, and the syrup separated and it was not appetizing.
The evite confirmed "yes" said 10-11 ... we showed up with 25 people ... still dirty after 10 hours of racing and splashing around in Oracle's lagoon .. . cause that's how we roll.  Although service was a tad slow (mostly with taking our order), they handled our large rowdy group very well.  The staff was efficient and not easily frazzled.  Food also came out very quickly ... although we ordered pretty light with a lot of shared entrees and salads / appetizers instead of 25 piping hot meals.  Chris and I shared a salad and the New York steak (special).  They easily accommodated my request for mashed potatoes instead of polenta.  The steak was tender, but it was more medium than the medium rare I ordered. I got some meat, celebrated a birthday with a dear friend and managed to sober up after drinking cheap beer so all in, I've got no complaints.
I have no idea why this place has such high recommendations. I was kind of dissapointed in this place. So one time I came here.. we asked for the banquet room since we were bringing a group of 24 people.  They refused to promise us the room since we would not pay for the banquet menu (which was $40 versus $20 for an entree.. ) .   So when I got there that night.. I found seating for only 22 people.  Thankfully 2 people did not show up.  But basically we had one long table along the wall which made it impossible to get in and out if you were seated along the booth along the wall. The food is just okay.. cold unfortunately.. and late.. it took about an hour to get our food.  So that's basically what I am judging the place on...  Handmade pasta is good.. the other pasta is not good nor cooked al dente.  The veal was mediocre. The bill was also something that was difficult.  He said he wouldn't split the bill.. so, we had to do it on our own. I would not recommend this place.
4.5 stars Before the actual review, I just have to say: BONUS points for service -- one time during dinner, I accidentally spilled my water glass. Within seconds (before I had even reacted to turn my glass upright), a waiter was standing next to me offering a towel. Bonus bonus points for what they did next -- they didn't just refill my glass, but actually took it away and gave me a fresh glass. OK, now the actual food part of the review -- this place doesn't look like much from the outside, but their dining room is quite long and actually consists of two adjoining rooms. I've been here a couple of times and ordered different things each time. Their grilled wild boar sausage appetizer is excellent. Susan's Downfall (cheese ravioli basically) is also a favorite. For main dishes, you can't go wrong. I've had chicken and veal here, and it's all come out tender and juicy. Desserts are well-executed, especially the chocolate mousse, which is almost to the thickness of a pudding.
Where else can you hear Air Supply, Bette Middler, Celine Dion and Josh Groban all covered in Italian by what sounds like the 3 tenors? +6. Atmosphere-wise, I *feel* a little underdressed when I eat there in shorts & a t-shirt, but plenty of others dine there dressed that way, and I'm a Chicagoan who's probably stiff & uptight by valley standards anyway. -1 for a) putting mustard on the carpaccio when I asked them not to (but to be fair, Vaso Azzurro in MV has done the exact same thing), and b) occasionally leaving me waiting 120 seconds longer than I'd like to be left waiting for a wine refill. I always get the gnocci, and it has never disappointed. Others there with me have always raved about whatever non-gnocci entrees they settled for.  Now if they only had something with truffles...
Perfect place to dine. Very unique menu. Loved it!
Their food was decent. I would say they are almost there but not quite. They don't have enough variety in my opinion in regards to veggie options for example. Also, their bread is meh. The difficult thing here was that their bar staff had absolutely no clue how to make a Mint Julep. In fact, they tried 3 times to bring it out to me in the wrong glass and never got it right. I would say that their bar staff could use some training certainly. Also, I felt somewhat rushed by the waitstaff. They must've hated me. Their food was decent but was not worth the trek. Luckily, I had a gorgeous date.
I'd picked this place to go to with a few girlfriends for my birthday dinner.  I made sure to check out the other Yelp reviews and felt that this was a place I'd like. We all ordered different dishes and sampled eachother's dish.  We were all happy with what we ordered.  I'd order the roast and it was so good that I hadn't wanted it to end.  I made sure to save some for my lunch the next day and it was still yummy then too. My girlfriends and I intend to come back again.
Went here for lunch after returning from a weekend in Yosemite.  The service was decent - not overbearing, but swift enough that I didn't feel like I was being ignored or missing something. I ordered the calimari salad (which was a special, I think).  It was good, with nicely grilled pieces of calimari and a citrus vinaigrette .  If I had to complain about anything, it was a bit salty.  That being said, for lunch this place is super cheap and wasn't crowded at all.  Would definitely recommend at least trying it out.
I came here with a party of 8 on a Sunday night and there was no wait. Very romantic feel to this restaurant with the dim lighting and accompanying music. The service was quick and efficient, our glasses were instantly filled every time it was nearing to the half empty point. Complementary Bread w/olive oil, vinegar, basil, and garlic: The bread was soft and the crust was not too hard. Usually the dipping oil at other places is just BLAH, add a little vinegar and it's a little better, nothing stands out. LOVED the dipping oil that came with it, the basil is a great touch and everything mixed together was divine. This is the first time I actually wanted more, even after I finished eating and was stuffed. Penne w/portebello mushrooms, broccoli, peas, in red sauce: I requested to add grilled chicken to this dish. The pasta could have been boiled a little more. It was a bit hard. Overall, the dish was pretty good with bits of tomatoes, but nothing too spectacular. Linguine with Clams: These noodles were a little better than mine, but still a little hard for my liking. The flavor was pretty good, but only A-OK status. P.S. With the time that it took to get our bill, we could have ran out without paying and they probably would not have noticed. Hey, it IS called cafe PRO BONO! (In your dreams!)
Cafe Pro Bono is definitely a bit hidden on a side street off California.  Conveniently, there's a parking lot directly across from it.  The place itself is comparable in size to most places on/around California Street - intimate feeling but not too small that it gets noisy. There's a limited but decent wine list.  The bread to start is disappointing.  It's cold, sliced French bread, but it can be salvaged by the olive oil-garlic-herb dip. I was tempted by the daily special of grilled prawns over an avocado mousse and crostini, but I was warned that it was very small.  I also appreciated the server's honesty in directing me towards the pasta dishes, instead.  I opted for the Casareccia, which is an al dante pasta that's slightly twisted with a groove.   It comes with a sauce of tomato, peas, broccoli, and mushrooms, but the sauce was a bit runny.  I also added chicken to make it a bit more substantial. Other people in our group got the veal, Susan's downfall, rigatoni, and the chicken breast stuffed with cheese.  Everyone seemed pretty satisfied with their meals.  Portions are appropriate - not the typical outrageously huge Italian dishes.  Presentation of dishes is rustic, and every dish looks like it's made with care. Food came out pretty quickly.  Water was refilled quickly, but otherwise, service didn't make a strong impression on me.   I think Cafe Pro Bono is the only Italian restaurant along California Street.  Not bad, but not amazing.
A fantastic find!  I came here for dinner with my parents last night.  Cafe Pro Bono is located right off of California Avenue where all the shops and restaurants are.  You have to sort of have to look for it because it's got kind of a dark storefront.  Parking is very convenient since there is a lot right across the street. We arrived around 7:15pm and the restaurant was very busy.  The dining room looked a bit dated, but it was cozy and comfortable.  The patrons looked to be on the older side - most were in their 40s-60s.  The ambiance would work well for both a romantic date or a large family party.  The host was friendly and we were seated in two minutes.  Cafe Pro Bono is the sort of place that has a lot of regulars since we saw more than a couple tables greet each other and many seemed to know the host/owner personally. The menu looked very appetizing.  There is an extensive wine and cocktail selection.  We weren't really in the mood for a big dinner so we skipped the beverages and appetizers and went straight to the entrees.  I suppose I will comment on the bread service since it had been mentioned in several reviews.  The bread itself was average and I agree it would have been better served warm.  The olive oil dipping sauce consisted of vinegar, big chunks of soft garlic and what appeared to be parsley, but my mom thought it might have been basil.  The dip was very good and a nice way to start off the meal. I ordered one of the specials - Seafood Fettuccine with salmon and shrimp in a white wine sauce.  I thought the pasta was well cooked and came with a generous amount of salmon chunks.  The salmon was tender and juicy.  The size of the shrimps was small, like the kind you find in salads.  The wine sauce was very light and had a subtle flavor.  Overall, I felt like the dish was on the healthy side and didn't make you feel overly full afterwards.  The seafood fettuccine was priced at $17.95 which I felt was on the high side, but not so high you felt ripped off. My dad ordered the veal scallopine with mushroom marsala wine sauce.  It was served over what looked to be a bed of polenta and a side of green beans.  I couldn't confirm if it was indeed polenta since my dad eats super-fast and I didn't get my fork into it in time.  The sauce was fantastic.  Very flavorful.  The veal was cut super thin and there was a generous amount of fresh mushrooms on top.  At $17.95, I felt the portion could have been a little bigger, but it was good, so I'm not really complaining. My mom ordered the penne pasta with portobello mushrooms, broccoli, peas and fresh tomato-herb sauce.  I thought this dish was utterly fantastic.  I LOVE mushrooms and the portobellos were fabulous.  There were quite a few slices and they were thick and meaty.  The sauce was super flavorful and tasted great with the peas and broccoli.  And at $10.95, I felt it was a total deal. For dessert, we picked something we had never heard of  - the Copa alla Pro Bono - vanilla ice cream, berries, and hot zabligione topping.  I had to ask the waiter what zabligione was.  It's sort of like a foamy cream sauce that was really airy and light.  There was a strong flavor of liquor in it and was served warm over a layer of blueberries and strawberries and vanilla ice cream.  The dessert, which came in two big goblets, was priced at $15 (for two people), but the portion was rather large and could easily feed four people.  I liked it a lot since it was different.  I felt the berries could have been a little sweeter, but overall, it was yummy. One comment about the service: it was extremely slooooooww and our two course meal took over two hours.  Granted, it might have just been the night and Cafe Pro Bono does look like a place where families come to have leisurely meals, so I'm not really holding it against them.  We weren't in a hurry so it didn't really bother us, but I just noted that the dinner took forever.  The wait staff was very friendly and welcoming so this is not really a complaint. I will definitely be back to Cafe Pro Bono since the food was great and well-priced and there are a ton of other items I look forward to trying on the menu.
The food is awesome. Great salads, love the pasta. I had a lentil soup as a special and great capellini pomodoro. Service was great too. Pricing great, especially for Palo Alto. Ambiance is a little old school, and we are usually the youngest people, but they are warm and friendly.
3.5 stars.  I feel like I am committing a sin, giving only 3 yelp stars, but my review must center on the dish I got. The menu reads well, with lots of unique offerings. I ordered Susan's Downfall, hoping for something new.  A good amount of food, the ravioli were relatively bland.  The sauce was heavy on the cream and soupy.  The gorgonzola, almonds, and toasting saved the dish.  (Really nice effect, the toasting did.)  Perhaps the dish needed more salt, or garlic, or the sauce simply needed to be reduced.  I really like the idea, but the execution faltered in my opinion. The bread and dipping sauce (oil, balsamic, lots of basil and garlic) was quite nice.  It appeared that everyone else enjoyed their meals quite a lot, which is what garners the extra .5.  The double chocolate mouse was actually excellent and is highly recommended. Reasonable prices, strange decor (looks fancy at first, then you realize it's outdated), tacky music being played a bit too loud (an Italian cover of "Unbreak My Heart"?), good, friendly service. It if were not for the dish I was served, I'd probably recommend Cafe Pro Bono for a low key Italian dinner.
I came here on a date. The restaurant is very romantic on the inside and feels warm and cozy. Ok so we were the only people there under the age of 60, but still... The food totally speaks for itself. We started with the beef carpaccio which was really tasty. Then I had the lobster ravioli which was SO good I can't even put it into words. I want to buy that recipe. My date had the salmon special which was also really tasty although I only had a bite. The service was also excellent. They were there when we needed something but mostly left us alone and didn't interrupt our evening.
Food was good, restaurant has nice decor and ambience about it, not overly dark, loud but i still felt like i could carry on a conversation with my table. All the pastas sounded good, I hope to try all of them. This would be a perfect place for a date.
Two words: Caramel Appletini.  Super delicious, and the food is tasty, too! I had the french onion soup and rigatoni with spicy sausage, my friend had the Susan's Downfall.  The downfall was very rich, the raviolis were drenched in their cream sauce. Bottom line - I'm definitely going to have to work my way back here again!
California Ave is to University Ave as Portland is to Seattle; a little cheaper, more offbeat, and still having basically the same things. Cafe Pro Bono is the cheaper, better-service, somewhat less traditional version of Osteria. I had the risotto, my dining companion had veal, and both were strongly flavored with good quality ingredients.  The best part, however, was Copa alla Pro Bono -- vanilla ice cream, berries, and hot zabligione topping. Yet another place you'd only find if you were a local, or had yelp; walking by, I would have assumed it was a cafe.
The service is excellent accommodating 18 of us for a birthday dinner party. It is way dim inside (it can be thought to be romantic) but you cannot see the color of your food. I got the rigatoni pasta with sausage. I think I have had better with the marinara sauce.  The lobster ravoli was okay. I just have to commend this place for it's service. Not sure if I can say anything else good about this place.
Delicious gnocchi in cream sauce with pine nuts and sundried tomatoes. It was light and fluffy, and the sauce was soo good. My friend got their pan-seared chicken which was yummy as well. And our server was very friendly and attentive. To date I have only raved about Osteria, and now I have another favorite Italian restaurant in Palo Alto!
I went there tonight with a large group of friends for someone's farewell party, and I have to admit that this was an excellent choice. First of all, customer service, they apparently were overwhelmed by our part of 16 strong, so unfortunately we had to wait quite a long time despite having a 7pm reservation. By 8pm we were seated, though one small group had to sit separately @ a table for 4. The restaurant manager was very apologetic for the long wait, therefore they complemented us a free appertizer without us even asking. That's definitely a saving grace. - plenty of free parking around there, - not too crowded on a weekend evening (Friday night) - nice ambiance, small therefore not too noisy interior space. == The Food: - Susan's Downfall apertizer:   cheese and herb raviolis with Gorgonzola and toasted almond sauce $8.95 (EXCELLENT, we wiped the cheese sauce clean with our bread!) - bread dipping - a tasty mixture of olive oil + Balsamic vinegar + garlic pieces + parsley/cilantro(?)   -- if the cheese sauce weren't there, we'd finished this as well. - lobster ravioli $17.95 - 7 pieces, a bit more chewy skin texture, which some people likes (chewy) and others didn't (they commented tough?) .. guess it depends on the opinion...  I liked it... - sea bass - monthly special, tasty dish, excellent dish - Grilled marinated breast of duck with orange-thyme sauce $19.95 -- EXCELLENT, out of the 3 dishes I tried with my table partners, I think this one is the best... tasty, succulent, moist/juicy (not dry like most duck dishes at all!)....    I really liked this one... This is a great dinner choice, nice atmosphere for a date night out as well...
This place has tons of parking - my biggest worry when I go to Palo Alto on a Friday night. The service is good; the owner is very cordial and very attentive to the needs of the customer. The place is not expensive and the ambiance is kind of OK. The food is not mind blowing. I ordered veal in marsala sauce - I would prefer Macaroni Grill's dish anytime. My wife ordered salmon, the fish was kind of salty. There were no big aha-s from the food. I would not recommend it for any special occasion, might be good for casual dining.
Went here for dinner on a Friday evening. Cute, romantic restaurant with very attentive service - we were never wanting for water or coffee or anything.  They clearly have a run of regulars that come because it seems like every other person walking through the door was either greeted with a hug or a hearty handshake. We weren't overwhelmed by our pasta, though it certainly wasn't bad.  The dessert the waitress recommended though - wow.  Chocolate decadance I think it was called.  My honey said it was the best chocolate dessert he'd ever had and I have to agree it was downright...well...decadent.  Paired with coffee it was perfect. Prices were reasonable.  I would happily return here for a meal anytime.
This was a last-minute choice for a dinner with parents. It worked out perfectly as the wine list was right, the price was right and the food was okay. The lamb, salmon, veal and pasta primavera were decent. Lamb was awesome. Unfortunately my Prince Charming got "risotto" which was most definitely not arborio rice and was more like the Minute Maid stuff, no joke. What a bummer! It didn't taste terrible it's just that when you order something like lasagna, you wouldn't expect spaghetti pasta with ricotta and sauce. My parents requested that next time we visit again, however we didn't tell them about the rice mix-up. I'd probably pick somewhere else that serves what you order.
I've been here a couple of times and everything about this restaurant is 5 stars except the service (one server in particular) who brought my rating for this restaurant down 1 star. Go for the food - excellent selection of entrees (vegetarian as well), Go for the ambience - very family-like, great for big parties as well (they have a nice room in the back) Go for the extremely affordable wine collection
Loved this place, would give it 5 stars except I am not in the mood right now :) We wanted to go to Olive Garden, and when we saw the wait was close to an hour on a Saturday evening, we just Yelped for other Italian style food places nearby and found this......what a place! 1 - Its authentic, unlike Olive Garden (alright, am Indian and don't know what authentic Italian really is, but it "felt" more authentic :P......maybe it was the dim lighting and fancy ambience inside that was playing tricks on me) 2 - Its very good value for money 3 - The food most of all is absolutely perfect 4 - I LOVE THE SERVICE, am serious, you should come here JUST for the service, to see how good a job people can do making you pay for food they give you :). We left a very good tip We just ordered a couple of different pastas, all of which were perfect Their bread is gud too
Risotto with ruffled oil and lobster was delicious! But linguine with salmon was not that good. Plain. Free bread was just ok, it wasn't even warm. But the dip with garlic and oil was very good.
2.5 stars meh kinda creepy waiter that was overly attentive when we didn't need him and nowhere to be found when we did...but lets talk about the food...okay so there's nothing really special about the food either felt like i could have cooked up their salad and pasta myself. caesar was dry and their appetizers of seafood made me wish i hadn't been tempted. maybe its just an off night for the chef...or it was the end of their week so all their produce wasn't as fresh as usual...but i don't see myself eating here again :X
I went here today with a large group of people for lunch.  They are very accommodating with my changing the number of people coming almost like every day since I start making the reservation.  One other great thing about them is that, when I left them a message, they call me back within 10 minutes.  I think that is great The food is pretty good.  Everybody was happy with theirs.  My chicken breast though was just a little bit dry.  I hope it had been a little bit more juicier.   Their salad was pretty good with good citrus vinagrette. we called for dessert.  Their tiramisu is super.  Although I'm not sure they make it themselves because the taste is particularly familiar to Bijan's Bakery in San Jose.  I'm not sure whether they cater that or what, but it's very good.  We also tried the apple crepe.  It was very good as well although I like the crepe better than the apple. The atmosphere is very nice.  It's more spacious now as I heard it's used to be smaller.  The background music really goes with the decoration on the wall and the ambience.  In addition, there are not a lot of people coming here for lunch.  There were only small groups of people and I like that because it's not so crowded like other places. I gave it a 4 stars just because I think the food is a little bit pricy for the price.  The portion is a little bit smaller than other places but their decorative food looks good and taste good :).
This is the only place in town that my native-Italian husband will order pasta. Great food, good service, good wine. We've gone back (with friends) repeatedly. The one quibble I had is that last time I got Susan's Downfall (raviolis in gorgonzola sauce), there was so much sauce I had to hunt for raviolis in it. (But it was a great sauce and apparently, it's pretty common for others to request extra. Our waitress was great about it - she recommended that I order "easy on the sauce" next time.)
I would give Cafe Pro Bono 5 stars, but they overbooked on a Saturday night and some people were waiting for 30-45 minutes. Typically I expect that a 5-10 minute wait will occur, but I just feel that 30-45 minutes is too much. However, my party was seated very promptly (we come here often) and our (always) delicious meal began. In terms of food, one cannot go wrong with a pasta dish, whether one of their staples or the risotto specials that pop-up. I myself enjoy pasta with whole clams (their clams come in the shells) and I always ask them to add a little red sauce (a request they are always happy to accommodate). The lamb is also superb, I have heard mixed reviews about the wild boar, however I cannot comment on the boar personally. The atmosphere is great, comfortable, and, on any night other than Saturday, really relaxed. To top it all off they have a great wine list-- I would recommend the Barbara d'Alba, its a great wine with Italian! This is a must hit: the service is great (but go on a day other than Saturday, I recommend Sunday), they have amazing staples, and it is a wonderful place for a meal.
We just got back from dinner and I have to say I was, and still am, really impressed and satisfied! There were 4 of us and our 19 month old son. The manager and all the staff were wonderful and very accommodating. The manager even brought us a baby toy for our son. The food was excellent! The service was fantastic. The dessert was delicious! The outside of the restaurant is a little deceiving - it looks like it might be a coffee shop, but you walk in and you are in a real Italian Restaurant. If I could give this place more stars, I would!
We were sitting at the wine bar @ Santana Row, and couldn't think of what we wanted to eat when my best freind remembered this place got great reviews on Yelp, so I busted out the laptop (thank goodness for my Verizon AirCard) looked it up, called and they said no problem to a same day reservation and off we went. the Beef Carpaccio was excellent.  I got the lamb, and it was delish, my friend got the Veal, and the dish was great. The Cabernet/Sangiovesse wine was ecellent as well. Service was great, always attentive, but not annoyingly so. Would definitly go back
Atmosphere:  "Charming, romantic, the perfect cafe" Service:            Polite, friendly, attentive Food:                Favorites: Susan's Downfall, Salmon, Wild Boar Sausage Overall:             Great Special Occasion place
I've been coming to this restaurant for over 20 years. I think it's one of the best non-flashy restaurant in Palo Alto. The food has consistently been excellent. The people working there are also great - they are kind, respectful of your table and responsive. I highly recommend the lobster ravioli - the sauce is amazing! My dad is a huge fan of the osso bucco but it's not always on the menu.
Excellent pasta dishes, especially the gnocchi, very well made, in the pesto and pinenut mix. The service was friendly, though very hands at times, but that was fine with me for a private and good night out. While the menu seems mildly limited in size, it is a lot more expansive than you would think, the food is well worth the cost.
Excellent italian food. People who wrote about the bruschetta were right - it is awesome - some of the best I've had anywhere. Great tomato flavor, and large serving size. I had the spicy sausage pasta as my primary dish - very flavorful and tasty, the noodles were cooked just right (a little 'al dente'). They also had pumpkin ravioli which was rich, decadent, and delicious. Service was very good and friendly. The only reason I can't quite go to 5 stars is that the pasta w/ bolognese sauce was not my favorite - I've had a little better elsewhere - it didn't quite live up to the richness and super high quality of the other dishes. They set the bar very high so I expected it to be amazing like the other dishes, and it wasn't quite there. But it was still good. Overall, our meal was excellent - better italian food than I've had at far more expensive places. Pro Bono is a great little italian restaurant that I highly recommend!
Good food and daily specials. The gorgonzola cream sauce for the Susan's Downfall (ravioli) dish is one of the best things ever. I'd love to know how to make it. (It's apparently more than just gorgonzola and cream.)
Yummy, authentic Italian food, located just off California Street. Went with a group of 10 for a birthday.  Some had pasta, some fish and some meat; everyone was pleased with their order. Service was good, food was good.  I will definitely go back to try some other dishes.
Not sure why people like Susan's downfall.  I am a sucker for cheesy cream sauces, but this one was way too salty and after a few bites I had to give up.  I also find this place to be someplace my grandparents would have gone to.  It seems to be stuck in the last century.
We were not too impressed with this restaurant. They do have a nice wine list with several affordable californian and italian wines. However, my coq au vin and the pasta dish my bf ordered were just ok. Will be looking elsewhere to dine when in the area.
Tagliatelle alla Pro Bono with chicken - Meh. I've had better elsewhere, sauce was not great and noodles were only so so. Susan's Downfall - I love melted cheese and can eat a surprising large amount just by itself, but for $16, this dish had too much cheese and too little of everything else. There were only a few pieces of ravioli and the rest was cheese and sauce. The flavor and amount of cheese was quite  overwhelming; it covered up the taste of the rest of the dish, so rather than the description reading "cheese and herb raviolis with gorgonzola sauce" it should have read "gorgonzola sauce topped with cheese, accompanied by a smidgen of ravioli". Two Chocolate Mousse with Raspberry Sauce - Thick mousse with chunks of chocolate inside. The consistency reminded me more of fudge than mousse. I normally love chocolate mousse and am reluctant to share, but this one I just pushed onto my SO to finish.
Appetizers were good but the portions weren't very large. I ordered the Cannelloni, and didn't realize that it was a vegetarian dish.  My mistake, but I wish they had more options on the menu. The atmosphere is quaint and nice, and the service was excellent.
The food here was awesome.  I got the gnocchi al pesto and it was some of the best pesto sauce I've had with lots of yummy sundried tomatoes to boot! My boyfriend got penne with tomato herb sauce.  That sauce was delish, perfectly seasoned, etc. The dessert was also delicious - I ordered the strawberry creme brulee special.  I absolutely could not get enough!  I ate it with a hot cup of decaf coffee - a perfect companion for the creamy sweetness. I would definitely have given this 5 stars but the service was misssseerrrrabllllle. The people working were actually very nice, but we had to wait unreasonable amounts of time for the waiter to take our order, give us bread, bring us the check, etc.  We were also never asked how our meal was. All in all, fabulous food.  The service makes it ALMOST worth not going back, but I'll give it another shot.
I came here to eat, before my senior prom last year, with around 25 people in my party.. The food was fantastic. I felt bad for the waiters and the other patrons in the restaurant, having to put up with our loud party.. but overall, it was a good experience. I suggest you go there with your family or on a date- not with 25 other teenagers ;)
Great little place! Very cute, and with outstanding service! The staff was exceptionally polite and attentive! The pasta was a little greasy, but then again I did order a dish with spicy sausage in it. And it was delish! The desserts looked amazing but we didn't have the appetite left to try.
Went here for dinner once.  The atmosphere was nice.  The appetizer and desert we ordered were excellent, but the entrees were just ok.
Had a lovely date at this restaurant. It was a little loud with the two larger parties, but still amazing food. We both enjoyed it very much, and will be back again.
We had a wonderful celebration dinner with marvelous filets, and Susan's Downfall was indeed quite savory, and enjoyed heartily by all.  However, two dining partners found their pasta dishes (Farro pasta w/ portobello mushrooms) to be not quite so marvelous.  The wait staff were helpful without hovering, and we discovered as we left that they had not rushed us out when the rest of the restaurant had closed up (we were in a separate room as a group and so had not seen the other patrons leaving).
Came here for a birthday party and the presence of big tables is always a plus. The food was not particularly refined, but it was fine enough. Will not drive to this place on purpose, but might go back in if I'm in the area.
Ate here last friday. Small but homey place. Service was really good, the server who was refilling glasses was very cheerful, it appeared that he was enjoying what he was doing. Food: I give it only 2 stars. I am vegetarian ad though there were quite a few dishes to choose from , none of them was a standout that I wanted to jump at. Ordered the trio beet salad with arugula, portion was really small for the price and the beets were so thinly sliced I had a tough time getting my fork to lift them. Tried the gnocchi for entree, it was delicious but had a lot of cream. Gnocchi al pesto with sun dried tomatoes, you could barely spot the sun dried tomatoes in there, too much butter/ cream for me. Also, I tried their lemon drop martini, was too sweet for me. Verdict: Not a great place for vegetarians, not too much bang for your buck.
TASTY! Good atmosphere, excellent service, great food! Been coming here since the late 90s - tried everything on the menu - can recommend it all without hesitation :)  Do not be afraid to experiment you will not be disappointed. Update - revisited again, still amazing - try the lamb!
Steady Eddie Always good Always great people They take especially good care of you....hard to go wrong
Cafe Pro Bono is a quaint and inviting restaurant with an excellent menu selection. It is a great place to catch up with an old friend, or have a romantic dinner with someone special. Their wait staff was friendly and provided excellent dink and food service. The pan-seared double breast of chicken with roast garlic sauce and truffle oil is delicious, and the only reason I do not see myself getting it when I return is so that I may try one of the many other dishes they offer. The only downside I see to with the food was that it is so rich; you cannot have it every night. They have an excellent selection of domestic and imported beers, as well as wines. If you are not sure what to try first, go with the house Cab, which is what I did, and I was not disappointed.
We were warmly greeted by the host. My seat had lots of crumbs on it and I was wearing a dress, wasn't very pleasant. Wild boar sausage - it was pretty flavorful. My friend really liked it. Carpaccio - I haven't had much carpaccio but it seemed like the meat was cut really really thin--so thin that it was impossible to pick up a piece, it is impossible for it to not fall apart.  The rest of the dish used a lot of dominating flavors--arugula, onion, capers, olive, mustard sauce--so the meat seemed almost secondary and without flavor. Susan's Downfall - wow, the cheese sauce is amaazing.  Very savory with lots of flavor.  I loved how they the cheese was toasted on top.  I didn't care for the actual ravioli (with pesto inside) as much. Just the sauce. Warm mushroom salad with pancetta - definitely a bad deal for $9.  nice that it was warm, but I would've liked a more dominating protein at that price.  They included a sliver of a hardboiled egg, and I like that they know how to cook them at least (still nice and tender, not overcooked like most places do hard boiled). Cappuchino - nice foam, good presentation. nice mini biscotti. Nothing too characteristic or interesting. (decaf) coffee - smooth, but nothing interesting. My standards are pretty low in restaurants for coffee, and this did not taste terrible.  Much better than Starbucks, but that's not saying much.
I really enjoyed this restaurant and I'm glad I had Yelp to let me know it was good. My group tried the Susan's Downfall, which I thought was quite delicious and interesting, though it was really cheesy. Probably the winning dish of the night was the Pesto Gnocchi, which might be some of the most delicious gnocchi I've ever had and will definitely be coming back to eat again. Definitely good food for a good price.
Hole in the wall joint with an authentic Italian guy that whistles at you and tries to get you to "dine here bella."  Bangin gnocchi and they make one of the best gin & tonics this side of the Mississip.  The dipping sauce for the bread has you all but drinking it  by the end of your meal and the wine selection is dec.  Bland decor but it's a good date locay...quiet and humble.
I love Yelp!  All this time living a couple of blocks from here, and I never knew this existed.  Will definitely come back here again. I haven't cooked for a week and I wasn't about to today.  Good thing too because Cafe Pro Bono (yeah why is this misnamed?) was delicious. Yummy bread + balsamic vinegar + olive oil + garlic cloves!!  I love complimentary bread. We ordered: Lobster Bisque - Cup ($4.95)  My friend actually makes better lobster bisque then this.  Not to say that Cafe Pro Bono's was bad really, but that my friend's bisque is very good.  I guess I thought it was a bit bland.  Good with a bit of pepper though. Polenta + Portabella Mushrooms - ($7/8.95?).  I ordered this because of all the good comments I saw on here.  Glad I did!  I'm a very sauce-y person and the sauce that came with this is delicious.  I'm sure it was mostly olive oil, but my taste buds had a blast. Warm Spinach Salad + pancetta + mushrooms + wine-mustard dressing - ($8.95) While I thought the lobster bisque and the polenta appetizer was a bit overpriced, this salad was very worth it.  Wine mustard dressing sounds kinda weird but it was a perfect blend of sweetness and ... yumminess?  Needless to say, I was very pleased. Boyfriend got the lamb chops ($20.95).  They were good in an olive sauce.  The vegetables it came with were a little undercooked.  Overall good though. Mojito - Not too sweet.  Good. Peaches and Creme - I've never had anything like this.  Peach Schnapps + Absolut + Cream + Lime Juice.  Really good!  Was kind of like a light, alcoholic, frothy peach shake.  My boyfriend had 2. Service was pretty good.  They were very cordial and fairly attentive.  The crowd here did seem to be a bit older, but I think it's a good date place.
Nice place for lunch, Tried Casareccia , very well prepared. They serve breads with olive oil+basil. Tastes good. Completely worth.
sold food, solid QPR.  handmade fetucini with duck confit and mushrooms for $17? you got to be kidding me! I'd much rather go to the restaurants in this area (Jin Sho, Pro Bono) than the poser location of Univ. Ave. (well, except for Satura cakes. HIIIIIIIII!)
In the years that I have gone here...I have never had a bad meal.  True the bread may be bland...but the dipping sauce does make up for it (as the other yelpers have said).  But in their defense (and from my personal experience), they do stick to true Italian style table bread - which is bland... so there you go.  The service is impeccable, the mojito's strong and flavorful and the lamb chops to die for.  The ambiance is cosy and considering how long this restaurant has been around and how many head chefs they must've had - they still impress me.
This restaurant holds a special place as it is where The Girl and I had our very first date back in November.  4 months later we came again and had another enjoyable experience.  The place isn't usually very full unless it's Friday or Saturday night, but any other night there is plenty of parking and plenty of room in the restaurant.  It's dimly lit, casual yet a bit classy, and the wait staff is very polite.  The food is good--somewhere around a 3.5--but like I said, fond memories here.
this place NEVER fails me.  first of all, its a two minute drive from my house.  they always have tons of great specials.  this is one of the few places i visit often and dont usually end up getting the same thing.  they always have a fabulous risotto special.  and you must have their poached pear dessert.  oh, and the grilled polenta appetizer of course because as i proclaimed before, I AM A POLENTA WHORE.  anyway, they have an amaaaaazing steak.  but it's a special.  the awesome thing about this place though, is that if you know what you want, you can call a day in advance to say youre coming and you want their freakin orgasmic steak. and poof!  it's yours.  the owner is reallyreally nice and this place doesnt feel all uppity, but the food quality is reallyreally fantastic.  the prices are also very reasonable. [edit] 5/12/08 unfortunately, in the past year, this place has hired some pretty rude waiters.  also, the food quality has definitely gone down a bit.  the lobster ravioli is still great but the amount you get for the price is just ridiculous.  this isnt the ritz dining room, kids.  also, the steak isn't as good anymore ):  id still go here though cuz its like a mile away from my house
I really enjoyed this place! We were going to go to Olive Garden but came here instead, and I'm happy we did. The food was really good; I ordered a goat cheese salad, and my partner got Susan's Downfall (LOTS of cheese!). Everyone was happy with the food, and the server was very attentive and kind. The atmosphere was cozy and relaxed. It didn't end up being too expensive, either.
You'd completely miss this place unless you happened to randomly stumble across it in a drunken exit from the nearby Nuthouse bar (which would suck because it would probably be closed at that hour of the evening). It's a small but nicey-nice restaurant. I went there with several people prior to a semi-formal. The food was quite delightful. I had Susan's Downfall, which is a ravioli dish with Gorgonzola and roasted almonds. The size of the dish fooled me at first. I originally felt I'd been screwed and that this was one of those places that charged $15-$25/plate and gave you like five bites of food. But my eyes were merely fooled by the immense amount of sauce that secreted the raviolis in folds of golden cheese. I split the flour less chocolate cake for dessert. It was richly decadent (flour less chocolate cake usually is) but not too decadent that you feel overstuffed and gluttonous. The cake sat atop a pool of fresh raspberry sauce and simply melted in my mouth with the pairing. The portions were well-sized (not too big, not too small, leaving enough room for dessert) and absolutely delicious. My only complaint is that the service seemed a bit slow in the beginning. They didn't bring out any bread to us for over 20 minutes. But once we ordered, they were swift to deliver.
Went to Cafe Pro Bono tonight with family, and will definitely come back sometime soon. The food was great. I had the polenta with portobello mushroom for appetizer, the baby arugula salad, and the gnocchi with creamy pesto sauce and sundried tomato, and I would recommend all three. Stay away from the flank steak though, my dad ordered that and it was really tough. Also good were the risotto with prawns, and Susan's Downfall was tasty and unique.
I went there last night with two friends (who were treating me as it was my birthday).  We had excellent service from very nice, capable waiters, and the food was excellent, if a bit pricey.  Since I wasn't paying, that was no problem.  My friend had the duck and risotto and thought she'd died and gone to heaven.  I had the salmon with pasta and it, too, was very good.  They also brought me a lovely creme brulee with a candle in it as a birthday cake (on the house), and the three of us also shared a delicious chocolate decadence. All in all, thumbs up! Sharon
I have passed by this place many times and have heard great things about it.  I was in the mood for carpaccio... when am I not... and decided to come here.  The carpaccio is great, it's with dijon mustard which I am not a huge fan of but the meat quality was excellent.  Wine selection is good.  My friend had the pesto gnocchi which he loved.  I had the half chicken and subbed the starch for sauteed spinach... OH.MY.GOD... it was tender, the sauce was savory and citric, the skin was crispy.  I highly recommend it, however the portion is huge so come with an appetite.  This place is indeed a little hidden treasure in Palo Alto and is a great authentic Italian restaurant that isn't too expensive.  It much better than Cafe Riacci a couple blocks away.
In a nutshell, the wait staff at this place is snobby and the food is mediocre at best. I wouldn't go here again because there simply is no point.
Food is decent. No complaints there. Service is not bad--again, no complaints there. But be warned: Watch your credit card statements! I recently had dinner with a small party and used a credit card to pay for everyone, and when I checked my statement, I noticed an extra $7.95. I checked the copy of my receipt to verify the overcharge, and was happy with my existing/decent tip, and don't understand why an upscale restaurant in Palo Alto would do this--but I guess they think they can get away with it. That's it... just be warned. Most people don't check their credit card statements, or if they do, they probably wouldn't notice a few extra dollars. I did! If you eat here and pay with a cc, so should you! ::sigh:: Update: The store contacted me through Yelp to apologize. Nearly 6 months later, they offered to correct the mistake, but I had already spent time fixing this error with my credit card company. It was a nice gesture, but didn't feel genuine.
I was disappointed with this place.  The service was great and the atmosphere was relaxed and all, but the food was just not what I had hoped for based on the reviews.  I ordered Susan's Downfall and the smoked duck breast with fettuccine and truffle oil, and maybe it was those two dishes together, but the meal was far too rich.  I love rich food, and I love cheese, but Susan's Downfall was smothering.  It's the kind of dish you think you like because you have one bite of your friend's and it's delicious, but that you regret ordering for yourself because one bite is plenty.  The duck dish was better, and I might have enjoyed it more if it hadn't been prefaced by the nose-throat-and-artery clogger that is Susan's Downfall, but it wasn't spectacular enough to recover the meal.
Went here tonight for a friend's birthday. Service was excellent for a large party. So maybe a 3.5? Our water and bread basket was always filled. I had the rigatoni bolognese which was a bit too al dente for me. Maybe I need to tell him. The sauce was good, but a bit too salty too. The tiramisu was pretty good, the butternut squash cheesecake and the flan were mediocre. I was expecting more from the pasta because of the rave reviews. Looks like I need to come back to try some of their other dishes. The pesto gnocchi with sundried tomatoes and pine nuts looked yummy.  Kudos for the wonderful, friendly service. The server was very thoughtful and even brought an extra chair (without anyone asking) to the corner for my friend to put all her flowers/gifts on.
came here on a tuesday for dinner with the girls, we made reservations and everything went well minus the people in our party lagging [our fault] the restaurant got really busy around 7:30pm and there was only 1 waitress, 2 waiters, 1 or 2 busboys - busing about ~20+ tables or so ... it was chaotic and hard to get attention! i had the: *Smoked duck breast with herbed fettuccine and truffle oil $9.95 ----i L-O-V-E duck so i couldn't be wrong in choosing it! the fettucine was super fresh and yummy. the truffle oil wasn't too overwhelming [a lil surprised, i've had bad experience with truffle oils]. the duck breast was so tender and juicy. the sauce overall was good to eat with the yummy bread! *Rigatoni with spicy Italian sausage and mushroom-red pepper sauce $12.95 ----i missed the spicy part when i ordered, but overall the dish was okay. the Italian sausage was definitely yummy. it wasn't too spicy, more like spicy because of the spices. *Creme Caramel $4.95 ----totally missed. i was thinking flan and i sort of got something like a flan except the caramel had this odd orange liqueur that definitely threw the entire dessert off for me! the consistency of the creme was really like a creme, not really as firm as i would like it too. so mushy creme + orangish caramel = not too yummy. it may sound yummy but didn't go well together for this!~
I've passed by this place many times and glad that I've finally tried it. I've been itching to find a new good place to try and I was pleasantly pleased to say the least. Perhaps my judgment was blurred due to alcohol intake but I give this place my stamp of approval. I think I can say with out doubt that this is one of the best restaurants in Palo Alto. We had: ceviche- with cod and avocado: the usual choice would have been cucumbers but I liked the avocado with the dish. It was rather on the more cooked side and avocado wasn't ripe enough but I feel like I'm nick-picking at this point linguine with clams: good white wine sauce and a little saltier than I would prefer but none the less very delicious rigatoni: OMG the sausages in this dish was so good that I kept on stealing it from my bf. Sauce was good and pasta was cooked perfectly. now the drinks: my date had two dirty gin martinis and boy do they know how to make a dirty stiff martini! I had bellini and pama-tini- I recommend both of them The decor is simple yet cute, ambiance is nice, service is pleasant... I say this is way better than other Italian options in PA (I'm talking to you Osteria!) p.s. while waiting for the bathroom I realized two letters that were framed and hung on the wall. Gourmet and Bon Appetite had written to ask for recipes for cauliflower soup and stuffed chicken dish. I guess I know what I'm having next time. =)
We took our college student son here for dinner while visiting from out of town.  What a delightful surprise!  The Susan's Downfall was so tempting, we all wanted to order it so we got it as an appetizer to share.  Delicious.  I had the salmon pasta which was light and wonderful.  The house red (vino rosso della casa) was fine, as is usually true in good italian restaurants.  For dessert, we shared a slice of flourless chocolate cake, which was sinfully delicious.  Best of all the total tab for three people including appetizer, wine and dessert, was just over $100.  A very good value.
came here on a Friday for an "extended lunch."  From the outside, it looks like a sandwich shop or a regular cafe, but on the inside it's actually a fancy restaurant.  I got the Chicken Marsalla and my friend got the Lasagna.  The portions weren't huge, as expected for a fancy restaurant, but it was quite good.  My friend Kalvin remarked that he thought the bread and oil dip was good, while I ate away.  The table next to us got a bunch of desserts that looked scrumpteous, but Kalv had to go to his meeting at 2.  Parking is a pain around here.
Had a wonderful lunch here with my hubby. The decor is comfortable- a blend of California and Italy. Service was gracious and unintrusive. We had Susan's Downfall to start and boy was it yummy- but beware- it's definitely a "dieter's downfall"- decadent, rich, and delightful if you like heavy creamy sauces over fresh ravioli. Hubby got a portabello mushroom panini and I had the Mediterranean salad- OMG, that salad was amazing! I LOVE a great salad that leaves me wanting more, and this definitely ranks. Hearts of romaine, tomato, cucumber, kalamata, topped with calamari, freshly grated feta, and a really nice light olive oil. The calamari was lightly breaded and seasoned to perfection- melting away with eat bite. Our fresh strawberry lemonade was a nice palate cleanser. This is going on our list of favorites on Cal Ave. We look forward to trying out their pastas some time soon.
Pro Bono was just right for a dinner recently, celebrating my work colleague's 30th birthday. Their "banquet" room seated a dozen of us and for the chill weeknight, service was fast and friendly. The fare was your "standard" conception of general Italian cuisine. The waitstaff were accommodating and allowed me to have linguine al pesto instead of the gnocchi which was on the menu.  I highly recommend the Copa alla Pro Bono for dessert! 4 Stars!!
I love this cute little Italian restaurant just off California Ave. They have great food and very affordable options. Also, the pre-dinner bread and especially the olive oil dip they bring is incredible! I couldn't stop eating it. The Gnocchi is to die for and it's only $13! They typically run some really good special too. I just can't believe the prices here! Nothing is cheap in Palo Alto, so this place is a secret gem!
I'm incredibly picky when it comes to Italian food. It seems that too many people's experiences with Italian cuisine are solely influenced by dining at the Olive Garden, which in turn makes mediocre Italian joints far too often an acceptable affair. And besides, spaghetti is easy to whip up at home, which is exactly why I want to be impressed at an Italian restaurant. If I wanted overcooked pasta with a jar of Prego sauce thrown over the top, I'd stay at home. Do something that will wow me! Cafe Pro Bono is the most impressive Italian restaurant I've been to in a long time. My best friend took me here for my birthday (based upon the glowing Yelp reviews), and it did not disappoint. We ordered the Susan's Downfall and a caesar salad for two to start with, and both were delicious. The Susan's Downfall features four cheese and herb raviolis with Gorgonzola and toasted almond sauce. It was a fantastic sampling of what was to come, although I'd recommend it more as an appetizer because it's very rich. For my main course, I ate the gnocchi al pesto. The pesto was smooth and creamy, and the gnocchi cooked just right. (Again, the whole plate is very filling, and leftover pesto never microwaves very well -- but it was worth every bite!) My best friend had the Fettuccine Porcini alla Pro Bono with light Alfredo sauce. I tried a bite, which was very flavorful and satisfying. Two thumbs up for both dishes. We split the two chocolate mousse with fresh raspberry sauce for dessert, which was fantastic (and I'm not usually a big fan of chocolate desserts) and more than enough for two. The wait staff are extremely professional and attentive. They kept our waters filled and the food served promptly on hot plates. I'll definitely be back and will recommend Cafe Pro Bono to my friends in the area. Thank you for a wonderful night of fine dining.
It was a Tuesday night and the place was packed.  I was able to get reservations the same day and we nearly had the 2nd to last table in the restaurant.  We all settled for pasta - one of my all time faves.  I got the Tagliatelle alla Pro Bono with Porcini a light Alfredo sauce w/ Chicken - it was a little rich but soo worth it!  My friends got the Rigatoni with spicy Italian sausage and mushrooms, roasted red pepper and light Marinara sauce - she said it was really good but on the spicy side.  My other friend got the Linguini.  The bread was delish especially with the olive oil/balsamic/garlic/parsley dip - which is why I had 4 pcs - OINK!  Prices are reasonable too.
First time here last night and everything was perfect!! The wait staff is very friendly and attentive, the food is delicious and served quickly, and the drinks were phenomenal!!  Cant wait to go back.
Disappointing.  The bread was bland (which however was completely made up for by the delicious dipping sauce).  The two entrees we ordered took what seemed like 2 hours to arrive... And what I ordered (fettucine with shrimp in alfredo) was a huge letdown.  The pasta was good - very "homemade" texture... but the alfredo was clumpy and uninteresting, and the four smallish-medium shrimps were way, way too salty (to the point of being disgusting).  What can I say?  Maybe I ordered the wrong dish, but with a menu as small as Pro Bono's... nothing should be this bad of a miss.
just ate here last night for a going-away dinner for our friend. immediately when we entered the restaurant, a jolly man greeted us, "looking for me?!?" "of course!" we said, and he led us to our party in the back room. the service was very friendly, and the food was delicious! i ordered the quail risotto, which was one of the specials of the night. it was yummy. i could only finish half of it - the portions are pretty hefty. though i must say most people finished their food. i also tasted the wild boar sausage, which was tasty, but the beans it came with were hard and undercooked for my taste. i ordered a decaf coffee and the chocolate decadence for dessert, and it was very decadent indeed. the price was very reasonable (i paid about $26 for entree, dessert + tax & tip for 8 people) and parking easy to find. would definitely go back if i'm in the area!
Great prices. good service. wonderful food. only downside is the portions of some of the dishes. I mean really, the ravioli appetizer only had 4 little raviolis in it. thats $2 a ravioli! kidding me? otherwise its the best italian for the price in the area! filet mignon was wonderful as was the risotto and the flourless chocolate cake. affordable and strong drinks. and the aforementioned ravioli was exquisite, i just wanted more of it!
My husband and I used to come here alot when we moved to the area right after college and for some strange reason we stopped going for many years.  However the other night we were out on a date night and decided to go to Cafe Pro Bono.  It's exactly the same as we remembered it.  Very warm dining room and friendly and attentive staff.  The food and wine were delicious.  The Fettuccine Porcini alla Pro Bono was just as yummy as I remembered it.  We will definitely come back on a more regular basis and not let the years slip away like we did before.
Very bad service from the server named Ayhan. Food is average. We had a total of 7 people and 3 of us arrived first. We ordered drinks and then asked for some bread. The server refused to give us bread - He said he can't give us bread until all people arrived. When he brought us the drinks, we asked for the bread again. He was rude this time and said we should order appetizers if we are hungry. He then said he has to check with his manager if he can give us the bread. We are completely dissatisfied by the service provided by Ayhan. If you want to dine at this place, cross your finger that you will have a better server.
Me and my wife are huge Italian food lovers and this is one of our favorites. Been to this place more than 5 times, and tried different food and never disappointed. Service is good too.
Great food, great service, cant wait to go back and try more of their dishes!
More authentic than that stuff from the Olive Garden. The only gripe I have is that the portions were a bit too small for a voracious eater like myself. The pastas are very flavorful, but not too creamy or rich like those other joints. The clam linguine was decent, but the seafood pasta with cream sauce was very good. The cappellini is also good if you like plain old-fashioned pasta. I give the food 3 stars but I'll give an extra star for the service and ambiance. The manager and waiters are excellent and the restaurant and restrooms were very clean. A nice place for a family meal or taking your goomah out to eat.
a little over rated.. 3 star for friendly staff.. the food is ok, the seabass special was on the dry side...
I came here for a New Year's dinner with some friends and it was awesome!  I don't know if it was because they had NYE balloons, hats and noisemakers for everyone... no, the food was delicious and the service wonderful.  One of the hosts even hooked our party up with a bottle of dessert wine just because he liked us.... and free admission to an 18 and over club down the street.  Yah.  Ok, the second part not so good, but A for effort right?
Located across the way from the Nuthouse and right near Illusions Super Club, this little Italian place was great for a friend's birthday party. Lovely overall, but I've come to expect decent bread from Italian joints. The bread here is cold and as bland as white bread gets, though the vinaigrette gets some points for garlickyness. I got the roast game hen with Israeli couscous and it was a really hefty portion. Amazing nommage and I ate every bit of it. I also tried a bite of my date's mushroom and chicken crepe..mmm. Also tried the bread pudding served which a scoop of vanilla ice cream, which is slightly crunchier than I usually like, but it was still really really good. Service was great. Definitely better Italian than Vaso Azzurro and cheaper too.
I was here as part of a really large group and we had a set menu that was arranged by the organiser. The food was good, the service was pretty attentive, and I was really pleased with how everything went. Their waitstaff seemed well-organised and even with our very large group, everything went smoothly.
This review gives a 3 for food quality and a 4.5 for service. There was nothing especially wrong with the food; It's just that it was not exceptional. The service, however,  was excellent. The owner delivered our food and ensured that our patio table was comfortable. The waiter was very attentive and friendly. The food was a solid 3 Yelps. Nothing too special, but not bad in any way. The fare was fresh, but just not memorable.
What a great little place. I took some of my colleagues from Germany to this place after we stopped at Fry's. All of us really enjoyed our meals. They have good service and great food. I would highly recommend it.
We had a party of 11 for a birthday celebration. Service was slow waited for almost 20mins for bread and drinks, once we did get the bread and dipping sauce (balsamic/olive oil with garlic and basil leaves)  it was good. I had the special which was risitto it had no flavor it was like eating white rice with asparagus. The portions were small my daughters boyfriend went home and ate again he had the rigatoni. It has good ambiance but service and food not a big fan except for the grilled polenta it was delicious. I was going to bring in a cake but was told the cake cutting fee was $2.50 thought that was a bit pricey. One more thing they do was add in a 15% tip I myself did not think they deserved that, we were there for almost 3 hrs and most of the time was waiting for our drinks, bread, entree, dessert. I don't mind leaving a good tip if we get good service, One thing I really did like they served the kids first!!
Had the salmon burger. Was ok.  Bread given on table not impressive.
A nice, cozy hole in the wall with decent Italian food.  I was a little disappointed, but I can be a real food snob and had high expectations.  The bread and dipping sauce was the highlight of the meal, but there was something just a little off in the preparation of the main dishes.  The prices are reasonable, the service was great, and I would be happy to go back... maybe just not until I try a few other places first.
It doesn't get any better than this.  I have been to this restaurant dozens of times and they consistently always have the best food.  They even remember my name after being away for months...!  Their wine selection is superb and the environment romantic.  This is my top choice restaurant in Palo Alto.
i went here a couple months ago and was disappointed. we were sat the window, which i love, but our table was dirty for starter.  there was sauce on the table cloth, the window sill was dirty, and the view was "eh" at best.  1 star. i enjoyed the arugula salad very much... light and refreshing. 4 stars. Cannelloni ... i like this. but it wasn't something spectacular. 3 stars service was on the slower side considering we were one of a few customers in there during lunch. 2.5 stars. 3 stars, i feel is being generous.
I wish I could give this restaurant 3.5 stars but Yelp won't let me. I really like this restaurant for lunch. It's not much to look at from the outside. In fact, I thought it was a dry cleaners instead! But the inside is very nice. The staff is really friendly and Susan's Downfall (gorgonzola ravioli's) has now become my downfall!! I can't go in this restaurant without ordering it. The sauce is very rich so many people can't have it for their meal and choose it as an appetizer instead.
I've gone to Cafe Pro Bono twice now, and I have to admit, I am officially hooked. The service is consistently excellent, and as many others have raved- Susan's Downfall is caloric heaven! I suggest ordering and sharing the appetizer size though, because it is VERY rich. I have also tried the duck and lobster ravioli,and both were cooked to perfection. Pro Bono is  a little on the expensive side, but makes for a great special date night or celebration. Definitely a must-try in Palo Alto!
Was excited to go here based on the reviews.  It was a fine, cute restaurant but nothing spectacular about it.  I went there Tuesday, and today is Thursday, and I can't even remember what I ordered.  Service was quick but seemed ... ambivalent.  I'd probably go somewhere else before coming back.
The best little Italian restaurant you never tried. Located at the far end of California Ave, Pro Bono has absolutely delicious food. Their pastas are light and handmade, and their meat dishes are prepared to perfection. The little bowl of dipping sauce you get with your bread will have you begging for the recipe. Pro Bono also has a great selection of wines, from affordable Barolo by the glass, to some fantastic  bottles of Cabs and Chiantis. Give them a shot, and you'll definitely laugh at all the people down the street at Olive Garden.
The name is a little misleading. Its not a cafe but a pretty formal italian restaurant. The dipping sauce that came with the bread was pretty good. It was a basil garlic vinegrette? I ordered the cornish hen which was ok but nothing special. I like that it was stuffed with israeli couscous. Something different. My dining companions ordered pasta dishes and they looked significantly yummier. Service was pretty good. My glass of water was always full. They have a nice backroom for larger groups.
I heard some good things about this place. I was hesitant, but gave it a shot. It's located away from University Avenue, so the hob-nobbing and yuppies are no where to be found. California Avenue is more laid-back and this place is no different. The decor is understated; high-class food and dress without the pretentious attitudes. There are plenty of tables and booths and they even have a banquet room for large groups of 10-20. The food is what excited me the most and my expectations were met for the most part. The lamb chops were great and cooked perfectly, but were smaller than what people told me. Nonetheless, the mashed potatoes were spectacular (creamy and smooth with small pieces of potato to remind you what you're eating). The asparagus were cooked tenderly, but there weren't enough of them. The polenta cakes were great appetizers and could easily serve two hungry individuals. Entries are in the $10-20 range and you can easily spend more, but many people would anyway. The food was very good, the decor was comforting and the staff was very helpful, kind and ready to help. The clientele tend to be older couples and older generation Ys (25 and older), but was respectful location for all. The inconsistent portions would normally be a deal breaker, but the food was too good to not give it four stars.
not sure what all the buzz is about but this place is not that hot! we had a 6:30 seating and they were out of the duck & pasta special by 7...but the restaurant wasn't even full.  my fiancee's seafood risotto had too much pinot grigio (which made the dish sour) and my pasta with clams was too salty.  this may also be a first time i've ever seen it, but typically pasta dishes have more than enough pasta on the plate...out of the 4 pasta dishes on the table...not 1 had a sufficient amount...and 2 out of the 4 were kids plates for 3 & 5 year olds... may have been a bad night, but i'm less than impressed by all the hype.
This place was pretty perfect. Tasty food, friendly service, reasonable prices - it's all good.
definitely one of the best restaurants in palo alto. slightly cheesy but humble, earnest decor and ambiance. not at all pretentious or about airs. the food is EXCELLENT! i was astounded by the superb execution of each dish. the beef carpaccio  was ridiculously wonderful, as were the prawns served in a luscious buttery garlic lemon sauce - perfect for soaking your bread in. everyone seemed rather content with their entree choices.
We went to dinner at Pro Bono for the first time last night.  Very cute little place.  It's small inside, but its don so nicely, it doesn't feel cramped like so many places in San Francisco. We were greeted at the door, and were seated immediately at a comfy table. First off the service we just ok, average.  I've had worse, but definitely had better. The bread they bring around was very good.  Lite, and not too much.  It's brought with a nice olive oil/balsamic dipping sauce.  It has whole cloves of garlic, that have either been roasted or boiled, that makes them just perfect.  Mild and sweet.  The combinations were perfect. I had the "Susan's Downfall" Herb Ravioli in Gorgonzola sauce.  The pasta tasted fresh, and was cooked just about right.  The sauce, while had great flavor, was too runny.  Almost like a watery soup.  I would have preferred a thicker sauce to stick to the pasta. My partner had the lasagna.  Nice portion, and good flavor.  Again the pasta tasted very fresh.  Nothing special, but good. We had the special creme brulee for dessert, orange/basil.  Interesting flavors, that didn't quite work.  The small cranberries on top, added much more than the basil.  And the creme brulee was a bit overcooked. I would return, as there were other interesting items I wanted to try.  And the other reviews here were so good.
This place is definitely not stylish, but it's comfortable and has great food. If you're vegetarian and are there for lunch, I recommend the eggplant sandwich, which was very tasty and just the right portion with the side salad. My lunch companion had the pasta with the spring vegetables, which was also very, very good. Service was friendly and efficient. I look forward to going back.
Good food, menu is a bit stagnant.   Some of the dishes are good, but nothing is spectacular.  It's good for a group of people and doesn't overcook the pasta.
Great service.  Food is very tasty and priced reasonably. My new favorite Italian restaurant. I recommend ordering "Susan's downfall", if you like rich cheese ravioli type plates. However, everything that my party of four ordered was wonderful.  I would suggest making a reservation, as this place is not very large and can fill up quickly.
I've never had a bad dish here, and there's usually no wait. The Susan's Downfall is as great as everyone says--but I would not get it as a full meal, just the appetizer. If you are a bread fan, you'll really like the balsamic vinegar (with big hunks o' garlic) that they put on the table.
The food was outstanding, and the service was warm and attentive.  We had the duck appetizer to start, which was served on a bed of pasta with truffle oil.  Fantastic!  I had the filet mignon which was cooked perfectly (I asked for medium).  My friend had a seafood pasta which I didn't taste, but she enjoyed it.  Our creme brulee was ok; it had a citrus zest which was interesting; maybe I was expecting a more standard creme brulee.  The waiters were very accommodating when they had closed already but there were two tables still finishing their meal, and one was ours. We stayed an extra 45 mins past closing time, and they still had smiles on their faces when we left.  The prices are very reasonable for the food quality and service.  I like it much better than Bistro Elan around the corner. I highly recommend this restaurant!
My friends and I enjoyed the food at Cafe Pro Bono. I didn't get to try any of the non-vegetarian dishes since I am on lent...I am definitely going back after Easter. Good food and drink, a warm ambience, and great service.
I have been here a few times, and so far I've been very pleased with the yummy food, friendly staff, warm and cozy atmosphere. Love the lamb chops and lobster ravioli. For a place like this, price is reasonable, a little on the higher end ($50 with salad, entree, dessert. Without alcohol) but it's a great place for a get-together with friends.
I give this place 2 stars for the good service. We were quite disappointed with our entrees. I really believe some ingredients were  missing (maybe a new chef?). My 'pan seared' chicken breast was not seared at all. It was actually quite dry and rubbery and lacked any kind of sear marks. The 'garlic sauce' had absolutely no garlic. It was just a brown gravy of sorts. Truffle oil? Couldn't taste it - but it may have been there in a tiny amount. My husband's quail/game hen (I think) dish had Israeli couscous which was partially undercooked and chewy. I think the gravy-like sauce in his dish was the same as mine. Equally bland. The dipping sauce for the bread was very good. The service was very good as well - I actually wish I had said something to the staff about our food, but they were so nice it sort of made up for the lackluster food.
pros: very good and fast service, romantic place for couple, some stores around the area cons: food is really mediocre for the price, spent 70$ on 2 entrees: rib eye steak and fish are not bad, but not worth 60 buck.
I've eaten at Cafe Pro Bono twice now. Certainly doesn't look like it would be the great restaurant that it is; it really looks like a converted mattress store or something like that. The pasta dishes are quite good, but I haven't ventured much outside of that. Service is quite good as well. Definitely one of my top Cal Ave restaurants.
Wonderful atmosphere. Decent quality food with good ingredients but little creativity or jazz. Rack of lamb special I got was under-seasoned with only salt, pepper, and olive oil.
I've had lunch here twice, and really liked it--I think it's one of my top two Italian places in Palo Alto (the other being Osteria). The food is fairly standard fancy-Italian, with some good variations. The wild boar sausage is very flavorful. I thought Susan's Downfall was good, but perhaps a bit rich--the Gorgonzola cheese flavor might be overwhelming if you're not in the mood. The gnocchi with smoked salmon was quite good. The desserts were also good. And the prices were very reasonable for the quality. The overall pace was rather leisurely. I'm giving it four stars rather than five because the food, while excellent, wasn't absolutely stunning. If I was comparing it only to the Palo Alto competition, I'd give it five stars. Good place overall for a longer lunch--I think one of the best in Palo Alto.
This  is a wonderful semi fine dining italian place.  I got the fettucine!  It was yummy.  The salads were great.  And the dessert was awesome.  Youa re paying for what you get...great food, great service, perfect surrondings!
Very good risotto (lunch special today). I will definitely go there again.
Ironically, my complaint about Cafe Pro Bono seems to be what everyone else was most pleased with. When the waiter first came over to our table, he didn't ask us if we were interested in ordering wine, if we wanted appetizers, if we were ready to order, etc.  He just introduced himself, and then stood there - leaving an incredibly awkward silence. Nonetheless, I wouldn't describe the service as inattentive - our water was refilled when necessary, etc.  The food came out a bit slow - it took them about 15 minutes to make a salad (which was fantastic, by the way.) This restaurant really earned its stars with the food.  I had the rigatoni with italian sausage and my girlfriend had the zucchini risotto with prawns.  The rigatoni was great - really boldly flavored, just the right amount of heat from the red chili flakes.  It was great, I wouldn't have changed a thing. The risotto was the polar opposite, it had a very mild flavor, but was good nonetheless.  It actually caught me off guard to have zucchini as the main flavor component. The goat-cheese salad was great, the cheese was warm and balanced out the acidity and somewhat oiliness of the salad very well.  No complaints about the food at all, I'd probably come back - and I'd recommend that anyone try it out. Maybe I caught the server on an off day, or maybe everyone else here are regulars.  The jury's still out on the quality of the service, I guess.
This place is divine. The wine, the food, the service, the languor and the atmosphere .. an excellent place to bring a dinner date.  I will come here again!
Two words:  Susan's Downfall.  This dish alone, the best thing I've ever had in a restaurant, justifies the five stars.  I've been going here for years.  I've never had anything here that wasn't good, but, hand to heart, Susan's Downfall is life changing.
Excellent food. Excellent service. Nice atmosphere - has a good buzz but not noisy. Lighting has a good dimness to make the place feel cozy, even romantic but not dark. Starters: Arugula, mango and aged manchego cheese ... mango and machego contrasted well with arugula flavour. Sauteed jumbo prawns with garlic, white wine and lemon .... terrific sauce. Entrees: Grilled marinated breast of duck with orange-thyme sauce with mashed potato, asparagus, carrots, mange-tous ... to be honest I found the duck a little disappointing given the quality of everything else. It was good but no Beijing Kaoya. Pan-seared Sea Bass with cabbage salad and risotto cake. ... top notch Sea Bass. Cocktail: Tropic of Cancer - mixture of rum and juices ... very tasty. Their desserts seem good from the menu and will be back to try them, but that night a fantastic homemade strawberry-kiwi-banana trifle beckoned ... layers of pudding and homemade sponge cake interspersed with lashings of cream and fruit ... droool :p ... the perfect finish to a wonderful night's eating.
My girlfriend and I checked out this place based on previous reviews.  2 salads and 2 pasta dishes, without drinks, plus tip came to about $50.. That would be ok for a GOOD Italian meal, but the pastas were bland.  Maybe other dishes are better there, but we could've made a better pasta meal at home for much less.
Susan's Downfall was very tasty and deifinitely the best thing at our table. The gnocchi was good enough. The chicken panini was very good. The mushroom risotto came with chicken (which wasn't on the menu) and I couldn't detect the truffle oil (which was on the menu) so I wish I had ordered another dish. Oh, and there was a bone in the risotto. The staff was friendly. Three stars. Nothing to write home about and yet I write.
purely gastrogasmic! make sure you leave room for the flourless chocolate cake w/homemade whipped cream and fresh raspberries. susan's downfall (cheese and herb raviolis with gorgonzola and toasted almonds) might clog yer arteries a little, but is so delish, who cares?! the prawn appetizer is really good, but on the small side. i can't help but point out how much the menu would benefit from having a proofreader ogle it.
If you are looking for a quiet place that allows you to hear the other person and some tasty food, Cafe Pro Bono is a great place. A little off the University Ave strip, its a little less crowded but classy and some excellent food. As an appetizer, the Carpaccio Di Veneccia (thin sliced raw beef served with bermuda, onions, capers, parmesan cheese and dijon mustard sauce) was good, even to someone who is not particularly into carpaccio (and I had to stop by self from trying to eat more than my fair share of it). :P If you are feeling a little decadent, you can indulge in some very very cheesy, Susan's Downfall (cheese and herb raviolis with gorgonzola and toasted almond sauce). For something less indulgent, the chicken was excellent and much healthier.  Also, all the desserts are hand-made and are pretty delicate. Even people that don't usually like cheesecake, really liked the butternut squash cheesecake and the berry sorbet.
The only thing that sucked was the appetizer we got. We paid $10 for so called "Jumbo Prawns" which were just regular shrimp. I felt so scammed and cheated. Everything else was good, entrees where fairly priced and the service was good. Dont get the Shrimp Appetizer.
I've organized large dinners at Cafe Pro Bono three times now.  (This last one was after a 1.5 year gap, and we were remembered!) They always take great care of everyone in our party, serve great food, and charge fair prices. Bonus points for not hurrying us at all, splitting bills over multiple credit cards, taking group photos, and otherwise graciously putting up with us. My go-to place for nice group dinners in Palo Alto. Would also be great for a date.
I've been very successful in the past using Yelp reviews to decide new restaurants to try, and Cafe Pro Bono wasn't any different.  I called around 3pm and got a reservation for 2 at 7pm. I think he would have seated us even if we didn't have a reservation, but I'm glad we had one since the place was completely full after a while. Service was then a little slow at the beginning, but it got better as the night went on. My husband's appetizer, the soup of the day, arrived before my Susan's Downfall, and the drinks came after both appetizers had been delivered. The ravioli was delicious and I can see why everyone recommends it. For our entrees my husband had spaghetti (it's pretty much what he always orders in an Italian restaurant), and I had the veal piccata. We were really too full for dessert, but the special was a lemon tart with vanilla gelato and caramel sauce, and we couldn't say no. I didn't think the crowd was really "older". There were people of all ages around the restaurant. The way people dressed seemed to be along generational lines, with older diners in suits and slacks, and younger ones in casual clothing, even shorts.
I enjoy restaurants where the staff takes care of you.  I'm not talking about a place where they cut the food up and feed you, but paying attention to you and making sure you know how much your patronage is appreciated. And that's all you get at Cafe Pro Bono.  I've been there twice now - once for lunch and once for dinner.  We were seated right away, drinks were brought out, etc.  The waitstaff answered our questions about the dishes, allowed us to make substitutions without a problem and were extremely friendly without being too "fake."  My favorite part was how they knew how to remove dishes from the table discretely - no arm reaching across my face like other places I have been. The food is also AMAZING.  I've had the chicken breast sandwich and a smoked duck risotto special.  Good portions, very savory, not too spiced.  You can tell that care was used in preparing the meal. When you go, absolutely order dessert.  I've had the two chocolate mousse and it was so good, I expected it to be illegal.  The sweetness of the chocolate is combined with a surprise tart raspberry sauce that made it the perfect end to the meal. Overall, I look forward to coming back again, and again, and again...
Their food never disappoint me. I've been here a few times and food and service were both consistently good, especially fresh herbs, spices that made a huge difference.  This is one of my favorite Italian restaurant in the area.
We have gone here several times, the food is always great.  The service and ambiance are also consistently superb.  I live near university but happily drive out to cafe pro bono.
Excellent pasta--I had something with a very nice white wine sauce--and passable butternut squash soup. The service was pretty good, and the prices were reasonable for what I got. I also admire the decor--they've taken a pretty awkward space and done a decent job with it. Lighting levels are perfect, unlike most places that try for the same ambiance. On the downside, it was a little too cold, and the Celtic music was odd for an Italian place. I shouldn't complain, though--I'm not a fan of the usual Italian restaurant playlist.
I went back again hoping to give this place another chance. We got the boar sausage appetizer and the duck in orange sauce. The boar sausage was 4 stars, done well but not worth $10. The duck in orange sauce.. the duck was done well to be sure, but the taste was just strange. I don't have another word for it. It tasted like watered down orange juice or something. To make it better, we put a ton of salt, and it was better, but still not delicious. I just think this dish could've been a lot better. I've tried several things at this place now and none of them were something I'd go back for. I think I'm going to give up.
We got Susan's downfall and the carpaccio for appetizer, and ordered the gnocchi, penne, linguini... Read more 
I had such a delightful dinner there tonight!! The 2 of us went on a recommendation, my hubby has been there for lunch and was shockingly surprised by the superb grilled salmon on some greens he had and I have been itching to go there. Palo Alto was never my first choice to go for some surprise for dinner, but I'm wrong. We had lemonade, super fresh squeezed, very light on sugar and just my taste.  My hubby thinks it's tart but he got past that real soon...it's just super fresh. We ordered the smoked duck fettucine.  It was right on! The sauce has a hint of mint and we cleaned the plate with the bread. We also like the olive oil with roasted garlic, parsley (I'm guessing) and balsamic vinegar served with the bread. then I ordered the salmon crusted with horse radish.  It's cooked to perfection served on some orzo with veg.  Light and delightful. He ordered the sea bass, crispy skin, perfect charring giving it a savory smokiness, but the potato gratin thing served is a tad heavy for him. THEN we ordered the copa alla pro bono.... I was a bit afraid the zabligione has to much Marsala for my picky hubby's odd taste with my first spoonful.  But together with the berries and the great vanilla icecream, it's another surprise for him,  I was amazed he finished the whole thing! So to put it short.  I will definitely go back for the fish, any fish there.  It is a delightful,  homey, no pretense place with good food served as it should be with pleasant service . Bravo!
Their food and prices were very good, but their service was the best part (which is a VERY important factor in my dining experience)! The bread and dipping sauce were so good that I was happily occupied until my main course arrived. My angel hair pasta was very fresh with generous portions of seafood (prawns, salmon, scallops, etc), and their flourless chocolate cake with raspberries was also very delicious. I'll be going back to try some of the other entrees on the menu that I found quite intriguing.
Boring. Foods tasted pretty good, but portions are too small. I've tried lobster ravioli ($18) and only have 5-6 small pieces on a plate. Free bred was cold, nothing special and was served only after we've ordered.
This is my favorite restaurant in the California Avenue area. The food is always excellent as is the service.  Its a little out of the way and easy to overlook.  I've brought many business associates here for lunch and they often tell me that they've added  Pro Bono to their favorites list.
Wow! We have a new favorite Italian place. We had the duck (excellent), the kebabs (in wine sauce - yummy), and the sea bass (pass). Desert was the flourless chocolate cake (wow) and the creme brulle - superb. Fabulous service - our waiter was attentive without being intrusive. Fabulous food. We're definitely going back We've walked by this place hundreds of times, and never looked in - the exterior looks like a run-down sandwich shop. But peek inside and it's gorgeous.
If you are looking for a restaurant for a large party Cafe Pro Bono is a great find.  We had the room in the back for 16 people and had a great time.  The ahi tuna (ordered rare) was excellent.  Everyone enjoyed themselves and serve was perfect.
Great food, good atmosphere and prices.
Don't waste your money. There are so many wonderful restaurants on California Avenue and throughout Palo Alto. The sight of our waiter should have tipped me off about the food. His long greasy hair and 5-day old beard made me lose my appetite. The Mediterranean salad with calamari consisted of shredded lettuce with calamari that appeared to be run through the dishwasher. My friend ordered a pasta with alfredo - basically macaroni and cheese. To add insult to injury, they charge $3 for lukewarm coffee served in a tiny, tiny cup. Never again.
I've worked in the area for so many years and finally got a chance to experience Cafe Pro Bono last night. We got there a little before 5p and we were seated promptly. We were going to the elite event later, so we decided to get the Caesar salad for two, and share the lamb chops. So yummy. Everything was super good. The bread and dip were delicious, as well. They were really attentive to our needs, and the water and iced tea glasses were always full! I got a glass of Riesling and enjoyed it immensely. Definitely a nice place for an intimate meal with a friend or two.
Great, great service. Wonderful, varied menu.
Went back after an interval of several years  and it was as good as we remembered. We had the boar sausage, Susan's downfall, and risotto al funghi, with a bottle of Aglianico - everything was delicious and well served. The price was what any reasonable person would expect for this class of restaurant and food.
i have to admit cafe probono was surprisingly good.  we had the arugula salad to start then my sister and also a portabello caprese.  we also shared the risotto.  it had a lot of oil at the top but the chicken was really tender,  tiramisu was also good.
We came here for a celebratory dinner one night and people seemed to have good things to say about this place so that sealed the deal. In hindsight, my experience here was just alright. The host asked for our names right when we walked in, but we did not make reservations. It was probably our mistake that we didn't reserve a table for seven people, but I don't think he should have assumed that we did right off the bat. Anyway, he came back to tell us that he did not see our name on the reservation list, but happily took us to a table anyway. Our table was actually in the banquet room, entirely separated from the rest of the restaurant. We had our own sound system, but the speaker was fuzzy so were trapped with staticy, dramatic opera songs in our own private room. Our server was incredibly nice, but also a little odd. Either no one got his brand of humour or his mannerisms were just a bit awkward. When it came to the food, it was good indeed. There were several dishes I wanted to try and I ended up getting the charbroiled shrimp with polenta. I also got to try the duck breast. We also got a few desserts to share. We got the creme caramel, which was not as good as I had thought, but still good. The chocolate mousse cake was pretty good, but the tiramisu was my favourite. They ran out of this uncommon flavour of cheesecake. In all, I'd say this place is a little too pricey for me to return when there are plenty of other Italian restaurants in the area, but definitely go for it if it's your first time to see if it floats your boat.
First review for me on Yelp. Probably been to Pro Bono 10 times, so I think it's time to share the love. A month ago, I found myself there twice in the same week, and although you don't need to eat there quite that often to enjoy it, it doesn't hurt because of a fantastic Specials menu. Excellent salads, usually with a milder version of some goat or bleu cheese. They cook scallops like Neptune himself intended, and the crab cakes would make Maryland blush. Usually the well-documented "Susan's Downfall" is a must-have for an appetizer (the entree has a tendency to be too rich and get a wee cold by the time you're finishing up), and a great conversation piece for your friends who doubt a simple creamy pasta dish can be this nutty and complex. Totally awesome way to lead into white or red wine. If you stay on the Specials menu, take a chance on one of the fine and oft-amazing envisioning of a risotto -- pork tenderloin w/red wine reduction and mushrooms is excellent. Their lamb chops and steak are well conceived and expertly cooked - don't bother asking for anything well-done or even medium-well at this place. The pricing is very reasonable for Shallow Alto and the location is nice across from the infamous Nuthouse, a great joint if you're looking to take the overall classiness of your evening down a few notches.
the old man's birthday is dec 23...so we always have to do a special meal before the holidays that is not holiday themed.  it needs to be birthday themed or he gets pissed.   so the in laws suggested pro bono for our monday night celebration. as we sat down, they took our jackets for us, which was nice.  they have a great cocktail menu.  i had a pomegranate drink and it was tasty, not too sweet.  we asked the bartender to recommend an italian wine and he suggested a great red blend called del tetto.  it was really nice and we got two bottles. for a starter i had to order what the old man wanted to try, so i got the susan's downfall.  it was wicked rich and pretty fantastic.  i also tried the duck appetizer and it was tasty.  i thought it was a bit big for an app, but that's not really something to complain about.  for my main i was really excited for their special sea bass, but they were out.  after asking if the salmon was farmed or wild (farmed) i ordered the special bay scallops and risotto with asparagus, and it was rockin.  my father-in-law declared it the best meal at the table. after dinner they brought out a tiramisu and sang happy birthday to the old man.  it was a nice, cheesy touch.  i ordered the fresh berries for dessert.  i guess the berries were fresh somewhere. now the not so great stuff.  before they brought our dessert, there were only 2 other tables full in the restaurant.  one of them had just been served their entrees.  and someone turned the lights on.  like full blast lights on.  it was a big time buzz kill.  then the toilet in the woman's bathroom was broken.  it was just that the chain had disconnected and it wouldn't flush.  but my mother-in-law (being the resourceful woman that she is) took it upon herself to stick her hand in there and fix it.  then when we stood and were ready to leave, we couldn't find our jackets, and no one came over to offer to get them.  so we all kind of awkwardly stood around and finally the owner came and got our coats from a secret closet.  then my father-in-law got pretty sick when we got home.  but he did get raw beef- so that is his own fault. overall, pro bono was a solid meal and we had a great time.
Took the Mrs. out to dinner while the kids were with a friend.  We don't get to go out often because of the kids so we were hoping for a good experience.  Decor was fine,  the waitress was attentive.  It's just that the food wasn't anything special.  We ordered the carpaccio which didn't have any flavor.  My duck entree was decent. My wife's lamb chops were only "ok."  Dessert was great and the cappuccino was excellent.  So not great, not bad, just OK.  I think there are better restaurants just up the street.
3 1/2 stars rounded up to 4!  This little restaurant is so unassuming, but they sure do have some great quality Italian!  We started off with a classic combo of melon and prosciutto.  The melon was ripe and the prosciutto was full-flavored and delish!  We also had the grilled polenta with a reduction of mushrooms and tomatoes - also great!  My main entree was the grilled polenta and jumbo prawns with a chunky tomato-basil sauce.  The polenta was lightly crisp on the outside and creamy on the inside.  The prawns were grilled perfectly.  My boyfriend go the 4 cheese stuffed chicken which was not quite so impressive.  The chicken was kind of dry and the "four cheese" tasted mostly of parmesan.  The table also got the "chocolate ravioli" for dessert, which I was rather underwhelmed by.  The "ravioli" was deep-fried and tough.  The chocolate didn't taste particularly high quality . . .  disappointing.  Still, everything else was pretty damn good, the service was attentive, and that dipping oil for the bread is so tasty, that I still have to say I really like this place!
Showed up Friday night 8pm.  Got seated right away and had our drinks within five minutes.  This is in old Palo Alto so we were not expecting it to be very busy and we were not surprised.  The wait staff was quick and courteous, because it was a slow night the staff was a bit too attentive checking in on us multiple times.  Some would say this is good, we started to get a little annoyed. Food was average, nothing to write home about.  I'd say 2 1/2 stars at best.  I love Italian food and am originally from Boston and have experienced many of the best restaurants in Boston's North End.  This could not compare, but was decent.  I had the Rigatoni with Spicy Italian Sausage, the Sausage was great but the sauce was a little bland and the Rigatoni was a bit cold.  My wife had the special, Fettuccine,Salmon, and Ahi Tuna in a white sauce.  She asked to have prawns added to th dish and they obliged without problems.  However, she received her meal without the prawns.  After mentioning this to the server, they quickly brought out a small plate with "TWO" prawns on it and added it to her plate already on the table.  Luckily she asked for the prawns as they were the only tasty seafood on the plate.  She barely touched the Salmon and Ahi saying it was too dry and lacked flavor. With so many other options in the PA and Old PA area I think we will shoot to try out some others before we return.
We were intrigued by the reviews of this place so we checked it out on a Friday night.  The restaurant itself is tucked away on a quiet street, and is pretty cute, although there were a few things that were sloppy (splashes of paint all over the wood trim right next to our table, for instance.  Wouldn't you put the same effort into painting your place of business as you would your home?) and a bit distracting.  Since everyone mentioned it, we tried Susan's Downfall as an appetizer.  We didn't find the ravioli themselves to be that spectacular, but the sauce they were floating in was decadently tasty.  We also ordered the butternut squash soup, which was fine, but seemed flavored with honey, which really masked the flavor of the squash.  For entrees, we got the veal scallopine and the liguine with clams.  Both were solid, pasta was nicely al dente, although both were a little salty for our tastes.  The service was friendly and pretty prompt. Overall, a nice dining experience but not mind-blowing.
Visited this spot after reading about it on Yelp.  In a nut shell, it offers an innovative Italian menu, great service and good food at a reasonable price point (most entres are under $20).  The only drawbacks are that the sides are bland (steamed veggies and plain old mashed potatoes) and the decor is outdated (hello 1980's!).  That said, the good stuff outweighs the bad, and we'll be back!
i came here expecting a lot from all the good reiews but i thought the food was only okay. the portions are small and the service is slow.  my fiancee ordered the veal but it was three tiny pieces. my clam pasta came out cold and i had to send it back. my pasta was okay but the veal dish was bad.
Excellent choice for a neighborhood restaurant.  On Christmas Eve Pro Bono was packed,  A  brightly lit Christmas tree added to the holiday spirit.  The waiters managed to juggle all the orders while maintaining the festive spirit..  The polenta appetizer with mushrooms was done to perfection.  I'd recommend  the wild mushroom risotto with truffle order.  I'm a fan of spumoni and think that they have some of the best I've tasted on the Peninsula.
I went for an anniversary meal with my beau. We had a delicious meal...here's the breakdown - Started with free bread and olive oil. I would've expected better, warm bread from a place like this but the AMAZING olive oil creation made up for the mediocre bread - We were sitting next to a table that happened to have the most obnoxious man ever. It would've been a good place for a romantic evening if this guy hadn't been there...so watch out for serial yakkers when being seated - Our waitress was also a bit of a creeper, so don't be alarmed if you get her - The boy got chicken risotto (a special) and I got the chicken in garlic sauce and truffle oil with vegetable and polenta. The chicken was cooked REALLY well and the sauce was delicious, albeit a bit salty. The polenta was light and fluffy with a crisper outside, absolutely perfect. The risotto was done quite well--"it was delicious. Creamy without being too heavy" - One thing we really loved was the portion size! Usually italian restaurants try to kill you with the largest portions known to man, but this one gave you the perfect amount to feel full but not busting. I really appreciated that. - Price was good for a special occasion without breaking the bank - We got dessert (something we never do)--the special: bread pudding with vanilla gelato. It was really good, visually appealing, and we finished every last bite.
Good food, bad service. There's no excuse for being constantly ignored by the wait staff at lunch. And there's no excuse for refusing a request to sit at a 4-top instead of a 2-top table at 2:30 PM when the place is empty.
We chose this place as our rehearsal dinner site and was not disappointed.  They have a nice private are for larger groups.  Our group had about 20 but they could've accommodate probably up to 30 guests in the back area.  The decor leaves something to be desired but that didn't bother me.  They were very accommodating and was able to make our own small pre-set menu for our guests.  We chose 3 choices of appetizer (a soup and 2 types of salad) and 3 choices of entree (prawn, lamb kebabs, and susan's downfall) and finally 2 choices for dessert (mango sorbet or tiramisu).  This customized menu was reasonable in price.  The staff was friendly and accommodating.  The food was great!  It was actually better than our wedding reception dinner.  The presentation of the dishes were impressive, too.  At the end of the meal, everyone was commenting on how great the dinner was.  We worked with Akim who was very helpful with the menus before hand and service that night.  We wanted to Thank him for making the rehearsal dinner fabulous but he took off before we were finished. I highly recommend this place if you're considering a large group dinner with customized menu. Note: we came in beforehand when seeking a place for our rehearsal dinner and wanted to try out their food before deciding.  I ordered the chicken, I forget what my husband ordered but the chicken was a little on the dry.
If you want a nice, romantic dinner, this place is fine. But be prepared to pay FAR more than the meal is worth.  My lady was impressed. But if not for her being there, I certainly wouldn't have been... Interesting selection of food, prepared well. But just not worth the price tag. I have had better food for half the price.
A great place for a romantic dinner or a meal with friends.  You HAVE to try Susan's downfall, even if you just get the 4 ravioli appetizer portion.  The meal started with great bread that came with this delicious olive oil/balsamic/herb/garlic deliciousness.  (I had to downplay how good it was so my gluten intolerant husband wouldn't be tempted to try it.)  I had a delicious salad and loved that they had a gluten free pasta option for my husband.  They have fabulous service. We'll be back, and you should try it, too!
Had a celebration dinner here. 4.5 stars, willing to round up because of the outstanding service. The food was excellent. I recommend the grilled wild boar sausage appetizer.
We had our rehearsal dinner here, in their private room.  It was pretty comfortable for about 30 guests, pretty intimate.  The food was excellent and the managers were really flexible about putting together the menu choices.  Unlike some of the other restaurants in the area, they don't require a minimum to hold the room.  Service was decent for our party size.  Thanks for a wonderful night!
Great food served by kind, conscientious waiters. You feel like your in a small restaurant in Europe. Relax, and enjoy-it's truly a treat! Best Italian in Palo Alto!
The food is extremely tasty and the ambience very pleasant, But I want to rave about the service. We had not made a reservation when we went, and it was packed at 7 on a weekend night.  We were told it would be at least 45 minutes. I was very pregnant and uncomfortable standing. Without even asking them for it, I was brought a chair and offered water. After hearing we were trying to make a movie, the owner somehow managed to find us a table within 15 minutes. We were treated so graciously -- it is the most I have been impressed by restaurant service in a really long time. I would definitely recommend this place, just for the food, but the attention and care we were given make it exceptional.
Lovely place: 4.5 stars. Tasty food and friendly service. It is likely to become one of our usual stops.
This was my first time trying this place due to pretty good reviews on Yelp. The place was on a side street..which I thought wouldn't have been busy. When I arrived, this place was almost packed. But since there was only 2 of us, we got seated quickly. We started off with the crab cakes which were delicious! I have tried different Crab Cakes before some were soft , some were hard...but this was soft on the inside with real crab meat and vegetables. My friend ordered the Seafood Fettucini which was filled with Shrimp,Salmon and Clams...I tried the shrimp, which was juciy and cooked just right! I had the Linguini w/ Clams which was filled with Clams, Not the mini Clams But the big ones! It was burting with Lemon Juice and Wine Sauce. Fro Dessert, since the portions were pretty huge, we shared a Tiramisu which was a big protion as well. The tiramisu was homemade and excellent, event though I was full, I was still craving for more and got me to empty my plate! The service was excellent and I will definitely be Back for MOre!!
very good overall experience. my second time to here. the food taste very good. the portion is somewhat small. (or that i want more.) the price is about right, not too expensive. i really like the pasta dishes.
Pasta was OFF THE HOOK. the alfredo chicken taglia....
Gnocchi I ate had a super-creamy greenish sauce, and it was too thick. I've had better versions at other places. Others in our group were not fully satisfied with their plate either.
I've eaten here several times and had some great dishes.  Love their carpaccio especially.  I appreciate that they have some very reasonably priced pasta dishes on their menu, so going out to eat here doesn't have to break the bank.
The food is great, but the service is slow.  if you want to have a long lunch or dinner, i recommend this place.  However, if you can only have an hour to hour and a half, I recommend you move on.
We went Sunday night, and boy..... the place was dead! And there's nothing wrong w/ their food, I guess it's just the bad economy! Food is good, not the best compared to other italian restaurants but it's good enough. A bit pricey. Nice dim lights, good service (well maybe because there were only 3 or 4 occupied tables!). At the end of the meal, our server asked if we want dessert, and no one really wanted any. But we mentioned that it was someone's bday in the group, would have been nice if the waitress offered a small piece of cake for her. I mean, that doesn't cost a lot! But whatever.
good service, nice decoration, over all very pleasant dinning experience. Appetizers were good but not amazing, we ordered crab with arugula salad, melon and prochiutto. However, the entrees were not comparable to the atmosphere or the service. We ordered Risotto with smoked duck and angel hair Salmon, and Lamb shank. All three dishes tasted plain, salmon was dry and pasta does not have enough flavor, lamb shank was strange, the meat falls off the bone yet tasted dry and flavor-less.
Went back after not eating here for some time and it was still excellent food.  Crowded evening but the service was very good and the food is extremely tasty.  As usual, Susan's Downfall was the highlight of the meal.  A neighborhood gem.
I have been going to Cafe Pro Bono for years. The capellini is my favorite and very, very good, as are the other dishes. Very consistent and excellent food. The service is friendly, attentive and prompt. A real favorite. A great small family restaurant.
very limited menu, some dishes are OK, duck confit tasted of old fridge, desserts are lame. Service is often obnoxious, and.... incompetent. Best to avoid, but just OK on a warm summer evening outside.
I went to Cafe Pro Bono a couple weeks ago with my family and was quite impressed! I was really pleased with the personable staff and service. It was a great place for a nice, relaxing evening with good food. My cousin was not ecstatic about her meal (too greasy), but I enjoyed the pasta I had.
This is a tough one because this place had some pluses, most of all good desserts. The host was nice guy and made us feel welcome. Our water made us feel rushed when we ordered. He wasn't the friendly type, either. A party of five, the best entree was the cornish game hen. Had a nice sauce to it. Unfortunately, it wasn't mine. I had the salmon and it was too small, the vegetables were a joke, hardly any of them. Why bother? I thought I was getting a potato of some sort and I got a small amount of rice. The service was spotty, at best. I had to ask for water twice, then they finally got the hint and started bringing it. The bread was placed on the table way too late. The appetizers were too small for the price, albeit tasty. I got one raviloli of the Susan's Fallout, or whatever it's called. Also, the appetizers were lukewarm like they had been sitting in the kitchen for a bit. One at my table had the veal marsala and she said it was OK, nothing special. The entrees took too long to get to us and no one came over to tell us when they would arrive. The place was busy. I assume that was part of the problem. They gave my wife a free birthday tiramusu, that was nice. Not sure if I'll be back. There are plenty of restaurants to go to that have better service and better food.
I came here on a cold and dreary Wednesday afternoon for lunch with a friend. The restaurant was packed but luckily we didn't have too wait long for a table.   I had never been here before and was excited to eat here thinking that the food must be good, judging from the number of patrons eating here . I ordered Susan's Downfall and my friend ordered the salmon.  The bread came quickly and the sauce (olive oil, garlic) was extremely tasty and complimented the bread nicely.  I guess it was a very busy lunch hour, because my friend and I waited approximately 30 minutes for our 2 dishes to be brought out.  I wasn't too happy about that.  I tried my friend's salmon , which was cooked nicely and quite flavorful.  My dish was quite interesting; I've never seen or tried this type of dish before: cheese and herb ravioli with Gorgonzola sauce topped with toasted almonds . It was good, but a little too heavy on the sauce for my liking (the ravioli was completely covered in the sauce). The ravioli itself was good, and the toasted almonds added a nice touch on top.  I would come back next time, maybe during a less busy time .
mmhmm... i ordered the salmon gnocchi and it was pretty flavorful. the service was really good also, but we came on a semi-holiday (columbus day, although we came from work, thus the semi-part) so the place was fairly empty. im not sure if the music is a standard or if it was just a tribute to pavarotti, but they had opera music going off in the background. it was a bit much, but aside from that it was a rather pleasant, enjoyable meal.
