I wasn't expecting much given the reviews and stars for this place and as such, we were both pleasantly surprised. I'm a huge fan of spicy food and while this place was definitely spicy, the heat level wasn't so dramatically hot that you couldn't taste the flavor of the sauce and the food. Much of the heat relied on peppercorns, red chilis and red chili oil. The menu was about 90% spicy, however, the server claimed that they can make pretty much any dish non-spicy. Spicy bamboo shoots: This was good and spicy without being too salty or overly seasoned. It is a smaller portion as it is part of the appetizer menu. Spicy bean jelly:  I think this is like the arrowroot jelly from Korean restaurants, only served with spicy chili and black bean sauce. The black beans really add an interesting dimension to the sauce. Kung Pao Tofu: I had pretty low expectations for this dish, mostly because I associate anything with Kung Pao to be too mainstream (e.g. Panda Express). With this in mind, it was better than I expected and my fiance certainly liked it. It consisted of tiny (1 cm) cubes of tofu that are flash fried and coated in Kung Pao sauce. It is spicier than other KP dishes at other restaurants. Green onion pancake: This was an epic fail. Epic. I actually took and posted a picture of this simply because it was such a horrible dish that I want to keep all future diners from ordering this. It literally was like a stack of green onion flour tortillas that was soaked in a vat of oil. I highly doubt they even fried them separately as the pancakes in the middle of the stacks were oil-soaked but pale and the top and bottom layers were just slightly browned. My fiance tried one slice as the guinea pig and the rest we left untouched. Honestly, I don't know how they can screw this up as it is a staple dish but apparently, they did. It wasn't even an issue of dabbing away the oil and it literally was absorb into the flour. Steamed rice: Strangely, this was served in individual bowls rather than a tub for the table. I think it is kind of cheap on their part. If the menu was mostly noodle/rice dishes, it would make sense but the majority of the menu are more entrees and side dishes that would go well WITH rice, not in lieu of it. The service was dismal at best. When we went, there were only about five tables occupied and I suppose this translates into only needing one server for coverage. I'm used to lackadaisical service at Chinese restaurants but this is one of the less attentive places. I guess the issue is that it wasn't particularly efficient and the layout and the size of the place made it somewhat challenging for one server to man that many tables, especially as it was open seating (versus seating all your guests to one side of the dining room). With all this in mind, I'm going with the current average star rating of 3 stars.
Umm sucky service to the max. I'm so bored at the restaurant that I'm writing a review on it. Came here with my family for mothers day and my mom is in the worst mood :( its been more than an hour and we are still waiting for 2 of our entrees. Don't waste your time to eat here. The tea cups and plates have chips on it, i had to switch cups 2 times until I finally got a clean one. I can't imagine how dirty it is in the kitchen. They gave us plates with rice in it and said that they had no more bowls. Kind of ridiculous... After waiting 1.5 hours and not receiving the rest of our food we called it quits and just got our bill and left. Thanks for ruining mother's day for my mom.
Another stop on the quest for the perfect steamed fish, went to this place a few times for lunch with my Taiwanese coworker and an Irishman. Like the name says, it is Spicy...even if their shirts say "Spiry". I am a fan of this place as I do like spicy and their food is pretty good. The layout of the restaurant bugs me though and everything feels a bit sticky. The tables and chairs are lined up almost in a cafeteria like fashion where I wish they would just put them diagonally so it felt more like a restaurant. As for the stickiness, it is oil that has seeped into the dining room from being fried in the kitchen. Nothing dirty or gross, just sticky. Since I have toddlers, I am used to everything being sticky anyways so no big deal. They make a steamed fish dish that is a bit different than your typical whole steamed fish (soy, ginger, green onions). Their version is called something like Water Boiled Fish. Instead of serving whole, pieces are cut up and served in a deep bowl full of hot broth and lots of spices. And by spices I mean red hot chili peppers and Szechuan Peppercorns. If you have never tried these peppercorns, be warned - they make your tongue numb. I was instructed to not eat these, but for some reason I think they put them in there to numb the pain from the chilis. We have tried a variety of other dishes there - a version of kung pao chicken, a mogolian type of lamb dish, soups, and a variety of steamed vegetables. All were pretty good and definitely on the spicy side.
I love this place, but we only get take out so I can't vouch for the service. So far everything I've ever ordered has come out excellent. The mu shu is fab, it's different, not very saucy. I also love the kung pao. I always ask Chinese restaurants to make my order spicy and they never do... This place delivers!
I've been spoiled by eating at a top Sichuan restaurant in Beijing. Every "water boiled fish" dish will be compared to that one magical tureen filled with floating peppers, peppercorns and a whole fish. yum. Back here in the Bay Area, there have been a gentle influx of Sichuan restaurants with varying success. Many places are Sichuanese only in name, with Canto waitstaff and Canto cooks in the back. Some are Taiwanese. Only a few actually have Sichuan cooks or Sichuanese-trained. This place is pretty quiet on weekend lunches and weekday dinners the few times I have stopped in here. A few takeout orders sprinkled in. Waitstaff is maybe one woman, and the owner. Sometimes the owner is the only front-of-house guy serving as host, waiter, and busboy. Quiet as in maybe one or two other tables filled. Is there a turnover in the chef position of this place? Maybe. My most recent visit had a different quality to the dishes compared to our first few times. Notably, the green beans were very likely deep fried, versus the classic "gan bian" method...WHICH IS PART OF THE NAME OF THE DISH (in mandarin). Some of the classic dishes felt a tad greasier. I generally find the best results in the village-hometown-specialties portion of the menu. Their water-boiled-whole sea bass is worth seeking, even though it is expensive at $28. Flavorwise, the dishes have the to-be-expected ma-la flavors, and generally the chili-spice and the Sichuan peppercorn spice are not heavy handed. Chili oil is liberally used as is black bean paste and dou ban jiang.  This is NOT a Canto joint. Don't come here to expect the typical mild (relative to other Chinese cuisines, let's be fair) flavors and exotic seafood. Service...well yes it's spotty. The Chinese woman I've seen in the past gets the job done. If you're polite, you get the same in return. The guy I assume is the owner is not as um...polished. But he takes the order, and serves the food, and even offers new plates. All in all, this place satisfies a craving, but there are better Sichuan joints to be found if you're willing to drive a longer distance.
This restaurant has such bad service and the food is oily, salty and clearly jam packed with MSG. Will not be going back there again that's for sure.
Back in college, whenever my roommates and I got tired of eating cup noodles but were too broke to afford a decent meal, we would squeeze an ever larger amount of chili sauce into the styrofoam cup until we can't taste the desiccated ramen anymore. This flashback was triggered by my recent visit to Spicy Town. The name of the restaurant says it all.  The food here packs a ton of heat indeed.  Three bites in, my tongue went numb, and mucus poured out of my nose like inmates on a prison break. As for the service, by American standards, it would be considered sub-par.  But, for a Chinese restaurant, it's not bad.  The servers may have been inattentive, but at least they were polite. The cost is not excessive.  Our bill averaged out to $20 per person.  And, unlike many other Chinese establishments in this area, you can pay for your meal with credit cards here.
The lunch special is a great deal, so hence the higher rating. They give you a specialty dish, a generous scoop of rice, some pickles and some hot soup  for less than $10. I had the cumin lamb.  I liked that it was thinly sliced and that it had strong cumin flavor.  It was pretty spicy, and while it had chili oil, it did not feel too greasy.  I also tried some of the kung pao chicken and it was okay.  I saw people sharing a hot pot, which looked like a good idea for my next return. I agree with the service not being altogether wonderful, but the food did come out pretty fast.
Ordered spicy fish and beef appetizer. The appetizer is very salty. The fish didn't have any fish smell but smells like chemical, and it didn't taste like fish either. There was a lot of red pepper in the dish, but it's not spicy. I only had one bite and could not eat more. Luckily, I didn't have diarrhea later. Really disappointing place!
Family and I decided to check out Spicy Town after it replaced Chef Woo. Sadly, I used to get their pork chop rice there but now I am limited to alternatives. Anyway, this review is about Spicy Town: I have a love-hate relationship with Siuchan food, as I hate the feeling ma-la leaves in your mouth, yet I like spicy food. We ordered the spicy pot mild with fish and beef, and it was relatively good. The beef with cumin was also very good, a blended mix of middle-eastern and Asian cuisine. Service: The service was not so good at first as there was only 1 server for ~6 tables, but it picked up mid-meal. Overall, I have mixed feelings for this place. Food is good, but I don't feel compelled to come back.
Quick Dinner on Friday night. Watched this restaurant transform from the last Chinese restaurant and they did a fine job on the space. Menu is primarily Sichuan spicy (which is a GOOD thing!) and I'll most likely need to return several times to try everything on the menu I want. Initially i went with the Chicken with Basil and Chili's, which was excellent. The portion was HUGE!! Two enjoyed it at dinner and there was enough for an enormous lunch the next day. I recommend the Lamb skewer appitizer, but be careful - it's spicier than the menu indicates!
only one server on a weekday during lunch when we went. got the medium spicy cumin lamb. flavor was good, lamb was dry and it was mostly onions and green onions. I'll prob order extra spicy if I come back. food was pretty oily.
This place is SHADY!!! Came here with the family and we ordered the lamb skewer, noodle soup, chicken, and fish. My mom ordered the fish filet and turns out the waiter wrote down the wrong thing (we got this dish with bits of fish in a soup filled with chili instead, I don't remember what it was called). So we told him that it was not what we wanted. The owner came by and told us that they can't change it since it is already on our table. Uh, like we can do anything about that. Ok, fine... BUT THEN when the bill came, that dish was $31.95!!!!!!!!!! WHAT THE HECK?!?!?! Barely any fish "filets" and who in their right mind would order that and pay 32 bucks for it?? And to top it off, they included TIP to our bill (we had 5 people). The tip was around $15. Hella shady. Good thing we noticed. We paid for our food, but we did not tip them at all. The waiter came out and asked us if we could at least give him a little bit of tip, we said NO. Never coming back here again. Hella shady. Food was average. I liked the lamb skewer but the spicy factor did not fulfill. No Szechuan kick. They probably re-use all the chilli.
This is my mom's favorite place to eat - she loves the food here even though she's not a big fan of spicy food! The food is quite spicy though. Here are the dishes we've tried, with the staples that we love marked with stars: APPETIZERS ***Boiled chicken in spicy sauce (shui kou ji): the name doesn't sound too great, but it is delicious! Half a chicken in spicy sauce. ***Lamb skewers: my favorite thing here, I'm usually not big on lamb but it's so tender and the cumin + sesame is great. ENTREES ***Tender fish boiled in spicy sauce (yu bei shui zhu yu): again the name doesn't make it sound too appetizing, but the dish is soo good. It's pretty soupy (good with rice) and there are bits of fish filet in it along with BUCKETS of chili peppers. It's quite spicy, the fish filets are the frozen kind but the quantity of it is good and they soak up the soup flavor very well. What makes it good is the soup /sauce flavor, spot on. -Pork ribs with sweet and sour sauce (cai gen xiang pai gu): despite reading the english title, i convinced myself that it was just mislabeled since the chinese title makes it sound like it would be with vegetables. Unfortunately that was not the case, it is exactly as the english name says, sweet and sour ribs. ***Fried prawn and potato with salt and pepper (ma la you huo xia): this is SO good! It's fried shrimp (shell on, but headless, split along the back, but not deveined) drowning in chili peppers with fries, yes fries!, and onions. But they go together so well and it's our favorite dish here. The dish is "mouth numbing" as the chinese name says. -Brown beech mushroom stir fried with smoked pork (gan guo cha shu gu): Love the mushrooms, not big on the pork. Good non-spicy dish though. I'm sure I've had a veggie dish or two here, and a "noodle soup" which had no soup (to the disappointment of my brother) but they did not stand out and I can't remember. Veggies are usually pretty standard though. :) Our waiter left without a word in the middle of taking our order to fill water, and the place wasn't even that busy (only 4 other tables). Overall, yes I agree - crappy service, relatively spicy, clean environment, good food. Worth a try if you like spicy!
We got a coupon for this restaurant and decided to go out with friends on a Friday night.  The inside of the restaurant is nicely polished and clean.  It is better decorated than I was expecting for a Chinese restaurant so that started things off on the right foot. The person who sat us at our table was friendly but she was quickly replaced with another woman who obviously shouldn't be allowed to interact with customers.  She was curt, rude, and when our beer didn't come out after ordering it and we asked about it, her reply was "if you ordered it, it will come".  She then promptly rushed into the back to put in the beer order and get it to the table since obviously the first order we had put in wasn't enough to get it to come. When ordering with our friends the waiter started arguing with us about what we were trying to order, telling us that our selections weren't "authentic" enough. Though none of us are from China, we are no strangers to szechuan cuisine and don't appreciate being told that we aren't ordering the right things.  What happened to "the customer is always right"? The food itself was fine but not as great as I hope to get at szechuan restaurants.  Nothing was even all that spicy which was very disappointing at a place called "Spicy Town".  As my husband put it, the food was good for a Chinese restaurant but disappointing for a Szechuan place. Overall the food is okay and the service is so dreadful we were still talking about it the next day.  We won't be back.
It's like a subpar movie! I would eat there again, but I wouldn't be very willing to pay for it. The food was tasty, but not the cleanliest I've had. We got shrimp but they weren't deveined and the shells weren't peeled.  I wasn't too concerned since it's a Chinese food place, but then we got a hair in our tofu. The service was slow and almost non-existent even though there were only two tables in the restaurant.  I don't know if people who use Groupon there are bad tippers or something, because when we used one the waitress came to our table after and told us to tip 15% of our check. That was pretty rude.
Pros *Clean, nice interior and sitting area *Spice level in food is good *Good variety in lunch specials *Food is pretty good Cons * Food is kind of greasy * Portions are not big enough for the prices. My dry cooked string bean dish (to go) was TINY for the $9 it cost.  I think they give you small portions if you order food to-go.
3 star chinese food, 1 star service. Favorite quote include: 1) After we inquired about the beer we ordered 10-15 minutes ago, we got in response: "If you ordered it, it will come". It showed up 2 minutes later after the waitress checked on it. 2) Even though we love spicy/numbing food, someone in our party wasn't able to handle that much spice, so we decided to tone it down a bit.  After we ordered a few non-spicy food, the same waitress criticized our choice and said : " You know, normally people come to our restaurant to eat spicy/numbing food, not to order these bland foods you are ordering." If you want authentic sichuan food AND good service, I suggest you try Da Sichuan Bistro in Palo Alto or South Legend Sichuan in Milpitas.
Reviewers below me were either high, or dont know what sichuan chinese food is supposed to taste like.  This restaurant was definitely sub-par, granted, there aren't many sichuan joints near the area, but this place was not worth going to. The niu rou mian was tasteless, the noodles tasted like they came out of instant ramen packets (the shitty instant ramen) thin and were obviously not hand made.  We also ordered the zha jiang mian - same type of noodles.  Please dont order any noodle based items. The hong you chao shou was in a bowl of "soup" when it came which was  some water and hot sauce.  It basically turned out to be ordinary dumplings.. Worst part of it was that everything was overpriced and the portions were not very large. Oh also, the store was absolutely empty when we got there at 1 oclock on a weekday, so i guess thats a positive since there wasn't much wait time.
Good food Bad Service Crowded Environment
Not too impressed... Portion sizes are smaller than your usual Chinese restaurants, but the flavors are definitely not lacking... especially in the spiciness factor! My uncle joked to the server that we're ordering "american chinese food" because we got: kung pao chicken, mongolion beef, and beef tendon in chili oil. All were pretty good, and not toooo terribly drenched in oil. The beef tendon was super spicy, just the way I like it! Mongoilion beef was peppery, but nothing too special... Service was kinda slow, though.. so be prepared to wait.
Hmm, by reading yelp, I guess this restaurant is not for ordinary Americans. To me, this is the best restaurant around the region. It is authentic Szechuan food, no argument about that. Every time my wife and I show up, we couldn't decide what to order since we literally want every single dish on the menu. The price is OK, usually from $8 to $12. It is a little bit greasy, so we are trying our best not to show up too frequently. No, they don't have orange chicken. :D
I had never been to Spicy Town but had long been wanting to try it since I love love love spicy food AND I had a groupon :) The place is tucked in the residential area near the border of SJ and Cupertino. From the main street it's pretty hard to spot, but if you're looking for this restaurant... just go inside the shopping center where there is "safeway," corner of Bollinger and Miller :). We got there around 8:30 PM and there were only 3 to 4 tables of diners. The restaurant looked pretty clean and sleak..certainly didn't look like a hole in the wall chinese restaurant. The menu was quiet extensive with lots of sichuan dishes AND a few hot pot (chinese fondue) selections. The GOOD was that they had PICTURES, so for those novices at sichuan cuisine, the menu is very helpful :) We ordered: - 1 person hot pot special $11.95 with sichuan hot chilli broth - the portion was really generous!!! came with some sliced meat, homemade pork meat balls, fish, tofu, clear noodles and some veggies. Certainly a GREAT deal for the price, the portion is absolutely enough for sharing. My only complaint was that the meat was extremely tough! not sure if it was not fresh (freezer burn) or they didn't use the right cut for hot pot (usually you want to get one with some fat on so that it's not chewy and tough to eat). - Sliced pork (belly) in garlic sauce $5.95 (cold appetizer) - delicious (although I've had better ones), enough salt and seasoning and not overly spicy, good portion too for the priced. If they would have put more "garlic" that will totally improve the dish. - Large Dan Dan Noodles $6.95 - It was our favorite and the best dish of the night because of the flavor. This dish was deliciously SPICY and contains peanuts, has enough saltiness and the chef did a great job with the sauce!!! Our complaint was that NO MEAT (other places served it with ground meat) AND the portion was quiet small for "large." - Sliced pork belly slowly cooked with sichuan preserved veggie $8.95 - Honestly, the price surprised me bc this dish is usually in the $10 range in other restaurants...Unfortunatey, it was a bit too sweet for my liking - Cumin lamb $11.95 - Generous portion but again a bit too sweet and not enough cumin flavor..I think the cumin lamb that I often makes at home tastes better and spicier..(sorry). So, now.. why 2 stars ?????? 1. SERVICE SUCK!!! The owner (man) was actually nice BUT he left ten minutes after we were seated..so we were served by the two female waitresses..one was EXTREMELY RUDE! We asked for spoons bc we ordered the hotpot and wanted to drink the broth.. The waitress looked at us  "funny" and then asked "what's for?" "why?" ..seriously just gave us the damn spoons! wth!! 2. We were seated right next to the waitress' station and she kept passing by on us BUT never refilled our water or checked on us. We had to repeatedly ask for water, napkins, even the to-go box (she came by and gave us the bill, saw we had lots of leftover and just neglected to ask us if we wanted some boxes). 3. THE WORST PART was that the waitresses complained about the boss and customers who just left. They spoke chinese BUT they should have known that we also understand chinese since we ordered our food in chinese and spoke to them in chinese. WTH??!!! The two waitresses were bad mouthing their boss saying something like "only two of us here working, cheap ass boss..blah blah" (there were like 4 tables only that night and the restaurant is not big... seriously..I don't think they needed more servers). They took the tip from the customers who just left and also cursed at them saying "they came here a lot, ordered a lot of food, but tip is not good. we should remember them." WTH???? are you saying u r planning to spit on their food or what? I really hate to have to give 2 stars for this establishment...I do want them to survive.. but seriously, you have to clean the house and get better employees...otherwise, you are totally screwed!
Having not been in the area in a while I don't recall what used to be here, but Spicy Town has brought in a new cleaner, sleek joint. They have a great diverse selection of Sichuan cuisine. Came a bit later than my usual lunch and picked up a bunch of things to go. -Beef tendon in chili oil -Chicken organs stir fried with pickled chili -Beef and lamb cumin skewers Everything was really tasty. Since Im not an expert in Sichuan cuisine, the owners helped me choose some of the dishes. I definitely will have to come back and try some other things from the extensive menu as they've got many unique things I've never seen before
I was excited when I first hear Spicy Town is opening in this area. My friend and I decided to try this place tonight since it's new. When we walked in the place is really  full and you have to wait for a while to get a table. We ordered 5 dishes but  canceled 1 at the end. The service are ok but the  food is really slow. You can see a lot of the other tables are ask for their orders. (us too, but we finally gave up on them) =(  The food size is small comparing to it's price. It is enough for me. However for guys, I would think that it's a bit small. The food tasted fine but I have tried better. I would recommend people to come on weekdays. (With less people, maybe it would be better) It is a bit disappointing. Under expectation Hope it would be better in the future.
Goodness gracious. I went again last night (Presidents day), and the place was rather full. I'm guessing that they hadn't accounted for the fact that many parents have the day off from work, and therefore are eating out on a Monday night soon after the restaurant had opening day. Our poor waitress was running around everywhere serving food, the busboy was rushing to fill tea and water, and the owner was trying to seat people anywhere. It took us a really long time to get our food, but we got some free cold dishes while we waited and the service was super friendly, if a little frenzied. I'm giving this place the benefit of the doubt while they get some experience under their belts, but  I still warn you that the next few weeks might be a little hectic around there as the very demanding Chinese families in the area are starting to try the place out. We had the twice-cooked pork (again), which was tasty (again), and the spicy wontons, which were fresh and of the proper consistency in a nicely flavored broth.
This restaurant took the place of Chef Woo's near Safeway, and it's been remodeled on the inside as... Read more 
Stopped in for a late lunch today after finding a line at my go to kabob place. There was a table of 4 just leaving as I arrived otherwise the place was empty. Tried the # 8 lunch special, Tender fish filet with chile sauce. Waitress brought out hot tea and a passable sweet corn egg drop soup. After about 10 minutes my entree arrived. A big bowl of soup style chile base with a huge amount of poached fish and veggies. It was served with a small bowl of rice and a nice amount of cold steamed cabbage with sesame oil. Flavors were spot on, just the right amount of heat and the oil was not overwhelming. Service was professional and friendly, nice find will return to try other dishes.
Food was great, portions were excellent, price was very reasonable, service was awesome (we were the only ones there though...) Loved the spiciness, will eat there again.
After reading some of the negative reviews I think there are just some people who will never be happy.  As someone who travels to China a lot I have grown to learn that US Chinese food restaurants serve "tourist" food, not real Chinese food.  I was recommended to this place by a friend who said that they had food the way I get it in China.  They were not kidding.  The food is exactly like I get in China. To the person who said the portions were too small: are you kidding?  1 fish dish that my wife and I ordered would have fed a family of 5.  Are you sure you didn't order an appetizer as a main course? To the person who said there was some oil:  which dish did you get?  Some Chinese dishes do have oil in them.  If you don't like oil order something else.  There are multiple dishes that don't have oil. As for the service being slow I can't comment on that.  We went when it was moderately busy and the food came out in an acceptable time frame.  It was not super fast, which to me is good as that means no heat lamp/microwave.  I did opt to change a dish after we ordered it and they accommodated me with no argument so I have so say that I didn't have the issues other people did. All in all I would say if you want real Chinese food then this is a good place to go.  If you want what most US thinks is Chinese food better to go to Panda Express.
Came here on a Saturday lunch. There were 3 of us and it was pretty packed so we had to wait like 10 minutes. Sat down, waited for our plate/chopstick set up and then waited again for our menus. We had to wait a while to order. As for drinks, we ordered 2 sodas and when we asked for ice, the server asked us if we really wanted it because the soda was already cold. I don't get it.... please just get me the ice I asked for! Waited even more for our food. We got 3 dishes: some spicy jello thing, a tofu/fish soup and combination fried rice. The soup was decent. The fried rice... just okay. The food does live up to it's name though (Spicy, but not overdoing it). Presentation of the dishes could be improved though. At the end, we asked for some to-go boxes that never came. My brother had to go up to them to get the boxes. It took forever for the check to come too. When we got the check, paid and left, we didn't get any "Thanks" or whatsoever. I won't be coming back to a restaurant with decent food, but awful service where you have to ask several times to get something and wait forever for it to come. Food: 3 stars Service: 1 star.
i came here because i bought the groupon. i read the review on yelp so i didn't expect much... the place is clean and nice. the young waiter was nice. not too many choices of food and it is expensive compare to chili garden. the food was soooo salty, but the portion is a little bit bigger than chili garden. i can tell the meat in the food was not that fresh. i ordered 1 appertizer and 3 dishes total is $44 before i redeem my groupon. the waitress said they minimum charge for credit card is $30... that's too much! thank god we had cash last night. after all, i am pretty sure i won't go back again. lol...
Good but dandan mein is bigger in Fremont
I came here with a Groupon in hand...  Neither the wife nor child are fond of spicy food so I took advantage on an opportune night. I had Ma Po Tofu and Spicy Beef Stew and they were both very flavorful albeit greasy. Service was good on ordering but bad afterwards. Overall not too bad. I'll be back once my stomach recovers!
You want Spicy Food?  Then Spicy Town is the restaurant to go to.  Food there was great.  Our best dish was slices of fish in a bowl of hot chili soup.  Prices were reasonable.  Service was good.  Overall, we enjoyed our night at the restaurant.
My tongue delightfully numbed by the pepper flowers, I pulled the fish head from the steaming pot of live black bass, dripping with sprouts and chilis, and nudged the tender white chunk of flesh from his (her?) cheek.
I'm giving 3 stars because everything was just average. The food wasn't that spicy; actually I didn't feel like I was heating up inside at all! And sichuan food usually has me feeling sweaty and begging for more ice water. Not like that here at all. The flavors were good; the waiters weren't exactly the best as other reviewers have mentioned. I didn't mind the oiliness because most sichuan food is pretty greasy. I don't think I would choose to come here again simply because none of the dishes were outstanding.
Ok, so I bought a groupon for this place months ago and was very apprehensive about using it after reading all the negative reviews.  I finally went on a Monday night, and I have to say... I don't get all the bad press, this place is great!! Here was my impression of the service.  It is old school Chinese.  It's not like the people were rude, just "blunt."  I still think we got good service.  Our water was always filled and he brought out extra napkins for us without me asking.  For a traditional Chinese restaurant, that's pretty good in my opinion. We ordered the ma pao tofu and the chicken with chili and basil.  For an appetizer, we ordered the bean curd with peanuts.  I was worried about the portion size after reading some of the reviews, but again, WAY off from what I expected.  First off, the food was delicious!  Secondly, the portions were massive.  We easily had enough leftovers for four people. The best part was when the bill came and it was... $24 bucks!!!  The only reason I got the appetizer (which was $3.95) was to get the bill over $20 bucks so I could use my groupon.  I felt so bad paying $4 for a great dinner, that I left a big tip. Just for perspective's sake, I had dinner for two at PF Chang's the previous night.  With a $10 gift card, the bill still came out to about $35, before tip.  For that price, I got decent, but way over-salted food and much smaller portions (albeit much more attentive service). For the value, Spicy Town gets five stars.
Me and my fiance came here to try it out since it was in the local plaza near where we live. It was really spicy coming here but I guess that's what you should expect from a place called Spicy Town. They used the same type of spicy chili sauce in almost everything. The Dan Dan Noodle was good, but extremely spicy. One dish that was really good were the lamb/beef skewers. They were done with just the right amount of spice, and the meat added together was delish!
I went here for the first time the other night. It's really not my cup of tea when it comes to Chinese cuisine. As a vegetarian, I could not fathom the thought of eating what they serve. I do NOT judge. It's just not for me. Anyway, I had 2 dishes--the dry pan fried string beans and the kung pao tofu. Both were decent at best. Spectacular? No. Awful? No. The tofu was very soggy, but I think that means they did not deep fry it, which I prefer.  Overall, I enjoyed it. However, they don't call this restaurant 'Spicy Town' for nothing. It's too spicy for my tastes!  Another reviewer posted about the smell of nicotine. I also thought I smelled it, and I walked in with a horrible cold! I really hope no one is smoking on the premises. Another suggestion: please start serving brown rice. This is a good place to go for something different, but that's about it.
Recently remodel restaurant. Decoration is very unique. Food was below average. Steam Rice was burn and hard. Service was minimum.
If you want to eat spicy food and get diarrhea, go to this place. I have been to this place twice in a week recently, everytime I got diarrhea same day or next day. I only get diarrhea once or twice a year so I am quite sure it is because of their food. Can't be caused by using Groupon coupon and got special treatment right? If you still want to eat their spicy food, try their franchise in Fremont.
The food actually is good. But the service especially the waitress attitude is awful. She is extremely mean, rude, and no manner. She probably sensed her bad service, and she put 15% tip to force us pay the service charge. She did not explain the charge or showed us the policy for mandate tip charge.
Excellent Szechwan food. Poor service...
Have to give it only 3 stars this time. Yes, that waitress lady is pretty bad.  She wouldn't take a credit card for a $30 bill once, so I left no tip.  The next time I went in (alone, my companion would not go back), that same waitress didn't return with my change (only a buck or so), so that was all the tip she got.  Something is wrong with that lady.  She is slow on the service, even when they are not busy at all.  I like the food, but some of it seems to all taste the same.  I will go back - it is close to home, and I like the food.  I will also be sampling more of their dishes, as I have not seen a number of them in any other restaurant.  And, I am always curious what that waitress will pull next - sort of like watching the seemingly unbelievable because you just can't believe it.  But alas, I find I must dine there alone, nobody I know will return to this restaurant after their first experience.  And, on a couple occasions I have had a different server, making the experience seem like day vs. night. OWNER: read the YELP reviews!
Fantastic!  I have been in the area 30 years and seen them come and go.  Lately, I have been trying... Read more 
Ive always looked at reviews on yelp but never left one. This time I have to this place is the worst, food is nasty, service was real bad, (waitress looked like she might be owner) and she was very rude. The chowmein never made it out with our meal i had to remind them and they had to make it after we were done eating. I would of said nevermind but i was using the group on that came out. She didnt even say sorry or nothing just gave attitude like it was no big deal. While i was paying a couple ladys walked out cause of the service. This lady had the nerve to tell me to tip her this is when i got upset i told her she messed up our meal and was rude the whole time and you have the nerve to tell me to tip you. Here's a tip get out of a business where you need people skills. I would never go here or recommend this place. Waitress on had two tables too it was empty in there.
Didn't visit this place for couple months since last visit. We used to go to Fremont store. Today we had lunch there and found this place seems to getting popular than the Fremont one. This place is pretty clean. There are one young teenage-like waiter and same age waitress. They are very polite and kind. The elder waitress is also polite. The food is good as usual. :).
the food is alright....but their RED LIGHTING makes me dizzy and nauseous....i feel like vomiting.....no need to say, the red lights make me lose my appetite!!!!!!!! i would give this place at least 3 stars if it weren't for those darn RED FLUORESCENT LIGHTS!!!!
5 of us went to the restaurant.  The waitress who came to take our order was not allowing me to order my food.  She told me that I don't need another dish since there were plenty of food - 4 bowls of noodle.  Why is that the waitress' concern on how much we order?  I don't think she understands that some people don't like to share food.  I ended up being a scavenger, begging my friends to share.  The food was great.
I guess I had low expectations with all the average reviews on this place.  First off the people working there are quite nice and helpful to answer questions even though I would not call them fluent with English.  That said the first time I went I decided to get the string bean dish spicy and instead of the dry version listed on the menu I got it wet which I guess is more like regular string beans.  Anyway I really liked the flavor of the beans, lots of flavor and nice and spicy.  What I really liked is the dish came with fermented vegetables of carrots and daikon on the side.  The meal came with soup and rice and I thought it was plenty of food for lunch.  The second time I went I tried the tofu and vegetables and ordered that spicy.  Again very flavorful with Garlic, mushrooms, bell pepper and onions. The tofu was really soft and fresh unlike other tofu dishes I've had in the past. The only thing I will knock them on was it was a little more oily than I would have liked.  The side of fermented veggies bok choy was also really vibrant and fresh.  The service again was great.  She kept shaking her head asking if I was sure that I wanted spicy and that I was Ok... Yes they do fulfill the ticket of spice well, hence the name:).  She also gave me a big glass of water which came in need.  Of course you also get a big pot of hot tea and a soup which was not bad.  Overall I'm happy this place is so close to me. 4 stars I guess makes me a fan.
You do get spicy food as you are in Spicy Town. But that is pretty much all you can get there. If I use one word on their food, I would say "Stale". They think spice can cover everything. But Hey, we know the difference. We were there and ordered about 8 dishes at Sunday lunch. Here is my  comment on some of dishes: . One of them has hair in it and we had to have it replaced. . Most of rest dishes are like leftover from the previous day. They were fresh cooked, but the materials were definitely not fresh. . In one dish, the meat and vegetable were mixed. But they were not cut consistently, meaning the shape of the meat and vegetable were very different. One of my friends is a cook. His observation was that the materials were intended for different dishes and left over. They were just put together so they were not wasted. . Another dish was fry pork kidney. Very smelly and rubbery.  Not processed properly at all. . The steam price is unbelievable. No taste at all and smells stale. My cook friend was very sure that it was overnight leftover. My parents commented that it tasted worse than what we cook at home. Come on. It is steamed white price, the simplest thing you can make. But that was what we got. I was struggling giving one or two stars. In the end I gave two as one of the appetizer was good. Another reason is that I have visited them twice. The first time was better experience. Should I visit them again? You tell me.
Bad service
Over the weekend, my husband and I decided to try out this new restaurant around the neighborhood. I am usually not a fan of spicy food, but the food we ordered that night was testy. We ordered the Boiled chicken in hot and spicy sauce for appetizer, and Live black bass in house spicy broth and Sliced lamb stir fried with spicy cumin. We loved all three dishes, and we finished the rice plus we ask more. The food there was good, and I know I am going back to try the hotpot next time, soon.
Dishes are overly greasy, quality is very inconsistent. One time when we were there for lunch, someone in kitchen was smoking, and I could smell the strong cigarettes where we were seated. The service is especially bad, and I overheard one waitress was complaining to a customer about tips.
i think rating wise more between 3 and 4 for service and food. the restaurant wasn't very busy on a holiday. there were only 3 tables including us for monday night dinner. the service was not as attentive as i would expect considering that there were only 3 tables, but whenever we called them for something, they came right away and the service from there was quite good. we got the hot pot, one side spicy and one side mild with chicken broth. i have to say the spicy side was not sooo spicy that we couldn't eat it so that was good. the soup bases for both spicy and mild were good and delicious. we ordered a couple items from each category, ie. mushroom, vegie, meat, etc and they did not have 3 items that we wanted to get, which was ok i guess.. the owner told us that their specialty is not hot pot or they don't do a lot of hot pots so they didn't stock up.  they do charge you 50 cents for the hot pot sauce. we used the 20% coupon, which saved us $9.00. i like this! for 3 people, we spend about $47 including tips. i consider it a good deal since we were full and had hot pot! do recommend this place, but again, don't have super high expectation. would i go back again? i think i might, to try their non- hot pot dishes. btw, they also have all u can eat hot pot for $19.99 for M-thurs and $23.99 or something around that cost for weekends.
